Dozens of government proposals arise, but never get off the ground.
roundup Plus: Nortel delays financials again...Microsoft updates SharePoint...Overture heads toward automation.
The online shopping and download center for Windows-related stuff gets a public workout.
IT services giants will come under pressure from outsourcing alliances, as companies team up to beat the big guns. \
Nokia holds on to its No. 1 position, as new buyers and upgraders stoke demand for handsets.
Germany's Metro Group tested radio tag inventory control for a year and found it good enough to deploy--but not perfect.
Tech bellwether cites drop in demand for PC processors and flash memory.
A ray of second-quarter sunshine is overshadowed by clouds on the horizon, according to Gartner.
Computerworld has named Mitch Betts as its new executive editor and hired Martha Connors for the newly created job of vice president and general manager for the company's online business.
When it needed help managing its 3,300 printers and finding new ways to cut printing expenses, University Hospitals Health System turned to HP.
Six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named Charles E. Peters Jr. as its new CFO.
Oracle Corp. released several high-risk vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products, and urged customers to download and install them.
SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. is recalling power adapters that shipped with certain models of its ThinkPad notebooks sold between January 1999 and August 2000.
Two months after announcing the resignation of its chief financial officer and six weeks after it changed the way it books support subscription revenue, Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. has named a new CFO.
WASHINGTON - Some New York businesses are using a voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) feature to avoid the crowds at the Republican National Convention at Madison Square Garden.
The latest storage numbers are in and -- big surprise -- storage spending is up.
It's hard to resist these increasingly handy devices. But should you try?
Though digital music has come a long way, today's online music stores still have significant problems. Here's my fix-it wish list.
Net phones--and their portable phone numbers--help business avoid RNC crowds.
Device is the first of its kind and can work on most surfaces, company claims.
Starbucks, the largest US chain of coffee shops, plans to raise its beverage prices by year #39;s end to cover higher costs for milk and health insurance amid slowing sales.
A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs 
Dubbed by the National Science Foundation as a modern-day journey to the center of the earth, a \$250 million project uses a drill to explore the San Andreas fault.
The company is willing to pay \$10,000 each to the owners of nearly 500 contaminated homes in an upstate village if the owners give up their right to sue over pollution.
Telephones and computers that were donated for use at the Republican National Convention will now be used to improve security and enhance New York City public schools.
The open source Apache Software Foundation (ASF) is refusing to adopt technology promising to curtail the rising tide of spam, citing restrictions with Microsoft Corp.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. has appointed a new chief financial officer following the resignation of former CFO Kevin Thompson and the recent restatement of its revenue after an accounting policy change.
Software security companies and US-Cert, the US government #39;s computer monitoring body, have issued warnings about security vulnerabilities in Oracle software.
WASHINGTON - Windows XP Service Pack 2 is the first major upgrade to the world #39;s most popular operating system in well over a year.
The Wi-Fi Alliance got its next certification program off to a flying start, issuing WPA2 badges to a bunch of products that comply with the 802.
Reuters - Privately held UltraDNS Corp.\says it had struck a deal to provide domain name system\services to online retailer Amazon.com Inc. .
USATODAY.com - This week, your DVD choices range from Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ to Federico Fellini's I Vitelloni.
European banking giant Lloyds TSB has tapped IBM to assemble a voice and high-speed Internet network connecting branch branches, call centers and cash machines, the two companies said Monday.
Corporations and government contractors have been lubricating their relationships with the region's state officials all week in New York.
California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.
For two months, Jacob Sevlie's insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his Honda Accord.
That #39;s according to research outfit Gartner, which on Thursday said that second quarter global mobile phone shipments hit 156.
The first gathering of the Worldwide Newton Association this weekend in Paris promises a surprise that may extend the life of the aging but much-loved Apple handheld platform. By Leander Kahney.
Sure, there's plenty of fire at this year's Burning Man festival, but celestial tributes dominate the playa. Daniel Terdiman reports from Black Rock City, Nevada.
Scientists find a way to grow hair follicles on furless mice using stem cells. Now, they hope to extend the research to humans. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Have you seen gas prices? Purists can wait for hydrogen. The market can't. By James Surowiecki from Wired magazine.
TOKYO (AP) -- The electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. (SNE) is talking with Wal-Mart Stores Inc...
Computer, chip maker will license much of the technology behind their compact servers -- for free. NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.
IBM has recalled 553,000 ThinkPad AC power adapters after receiving reports that some have overheated, melting the adapter housing and charring the circuit board inside.
Red Hat has announced it is changing the way it books support subscription revenue, based on a recommendation from its auditors. The accounting changes prompted the Linux supplier to correct and restate its 
Plans to combat spam are in trouble because Microsoft wants too much power, argues technology analyst Bill Thompson. The internet relies on a large number of technical standards which define in precise and 
PC World - Certain ThinkPad power adapters pose a fire danger, company warns.
Astronomers have discovered the three lightest planets known outside the solar system, moving researchers closer to the goal of finding extrasolar planets that resemble Earth.
Hewlett-Packard said Friday that it has won a \$55 million, five-year contract from retailer 7-Eleven to upgrade the technology at the convenience store chain.
Space station astronauts Gennady Padalka and American Mike Fincke are scheduled to make the final spacewalks of their mission today.
com. Eleven million Americans use instant messaging at work, a survey released Thursday said, but some at-work IMers would like nothing better than to toss the technology.
EMC Corp. announced Friday the appointment of former IBM fellow Jeffrey Nick to the position of senior vice president and chief technology officer.
Two astronauts are floating outside the international space station on their fourth and final spacewalk. The American and Russian team is ending the 6-month mission with some installation and repair projects.
The crew of the International Space Station is conducting the fourth and final spacewalk of its six-month mission Friday to install and replace equipment.
The adapters can overheat, cause damage to the circuit board and melt through the housing, which poses a fire and electrical shock hazard to consumers.
IBM is recalling power adapters that shipped with certain models of its ThinkPad notebooks sold between January 1999 and August 2000.
Reuters - The number of U.S. wireless\subscribers who are switching providers while keeping their\telephone numbers is accelerating, the Federal Communications\Commission said on Friday.
PC World - The companies could have been partners, but are now music rivals, report says.
NewsFactor - Linux provider Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT) announced the appointment of Charles E. Peters Jr. as executive vice president and chief financial officer.
AP - EMC Corp., the data storage company, named a former executive from rival IBM Corp. on Friday as its chief technology officer.
Reuters - An unexplained radio signal from deep\space could -- just might be -- contact from an alien\civilization, New Scientist magazine reported on Thursday.
Reuters - Botswana, which has the\largest elephant population in Africa, will donate 500 animals\to Mozambique, conservationists and Mozambican officials said\Friday.
Reuters - Scientists have found a 16-foot fossil of\a new species of fish-like lizard that swam the seas 160\million years ago when dinosaurs ruled on land.
Numbers of people using hand-held mobile phones is believed to be rising again in spite of tough new legislation.
On September 8th, a daylight fireball will streak across the western United States. It's Genesis, returning samples of the Sun to Earth.
Four months after launch, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft has begun its search for an elusive space-time vortex around Earth.
Computer analysis of an African fossil indicates that a human-like creature walked upright six million years ago #151;the earliest evidence of bipedalism found to date.
A bird flu virus killed 26 people in Asia and prompted widespread slaughter of poultry several months ago. Now a new study says it can also infect cats.
roundup Plus: Microsoft tests Windows Marketplace...Nortel delays financials again...Microsoft updates SharePoint.
SEC filing shows just how much open source is worrying the software giant.
Dieter Gundel, head of racetrack electronics at Ferrari, says all strategy decisions are based on computer simulations.
The online wine retailer ferments plans to improve its business and Web site for customers.
Jeffrey Nick will become EMC's chief technology officer, an addition that analysts laud as a big win for the storage company.
An appeals court ruling shows that the Justice Department has at least one witness in its developing antitrust case.
The computing giant wins two lucrative deals to provide retail network hardware and services.
Big Blue is the latest to embrace iSCSI, a protocol increasingly being used to build low-cost storage area networks.
F5 Networks will announce its new switch next week, part of efforts to broaden its reach in the market.
One analyst complains that the gear maker is in a "perpetual state of transition, constantly trying to identify where it can execute."
Game system specialist revs up a new PC with a homegrown Pentium 4 that beats Intel to the 4GHz punch.
Fans of EA's hit football game protest a scrimmage-line glitch.
California State University officials believe the data was inadvertently thrown away, triggering a new state law requiring all people whose information was stolen to be notified.
A judge said it would be too costly to allow voters skeptical of electronic voting systems to opt for paper ballots.
New entry-level workgroup storage devices start at \$3,000.
Jeffrey Nick, an IBM veteran who helped design the company's on-demand computing initiative and led its grid computing strategy, has been named EMC's new CTO.
IBM and Honda have jointly developed a hands-free and natural sounding in-vehicle speech-recognition system that will be offered as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL.
Rivals F5 Networks and Redline Networks are announcing new Web-enabled application delivery tools that are designed to accelerate data processing by shifting workloads off of servers.
US-CERT has issued an alert citing several security flaws in Oracle products that could be used to shut down or take control of vulnerable systems or to corrupt or steal data from Oracle databases.
GEICO's case alleges that keyword advertising programs infringe on its trademark.
Organisations are risking seeing sensitive information ending up in the wrong hands, because they are failing to ensure that their unwanted PCs are properly datawiped.
The rollout of new servers and networking switches in stores is part of a five-year agreement supporting 7-Eleven #39;s Retail Information System.
IBM, maker of the popular Thinkpad notebook computers, released a statement announcing the recall of 553,000 notebook computer power adapters.
F5 Networks is making over its flagship Big-IP traffic management platform this week with the launch of new software and hardware aimed at securing and improving the performance of Web and legacy applications.
F5 Networks will reveal its long-touted next-generation Internet traffic management switch on Tuesday, a device it says will help corporate customers get better performance from their networks.
A US astronaut and Russian cosmonaut have taken a spacewalk outside the international space station to work on an aging air conditioner and install communications antennas.
IBM moved back into the iSCSI (Internet SCSI) market Friday with a new array priced at \$3,000 and aimed at the small and midsize business market.
If the pessimist sees the glass half empty and the optimist sees it half full, what do we make of Bill Gates seeing his Longhorn glass three-quarters full?
Reuters - Microsoft once again\is looking to eat the lunch of longtime rival Apple Computer,\this time in the digital music arena.
 quot;HP technology helps us to differentiate ourselves from other retailers in the way we run our stores, select and distribute products, work with suppliers, serve customers and communicate 
The clock is running out on a highly publicized prediction that a major earthquake will rip through Southern California by Sunday.
Computer systems design and computer manufacturing jobs grow, as does optimism among IT workers.
Worldwide sales hit a new multibillion high; EMC passes Hewlett-Packard for first place.
Los Angeles man allegedly used unsecured wi-fi networks to send thousands of messages promoting porn sites.\
WASHINGTON - A chimp-sized human ancestor walked upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been able to show before, researchers report.
AT T Wireless reached an agreement with Rogers Communications to help sell AT T Wireless's 34 percent stake in Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
After the runaway success of Nokia in the late 1990's, Finland seems to be pondering whether it has lost its competitive inventive edge.
EMC has hired the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative as senior vice president and chief technology officer for the Hopkinton, Mass.
Global mobile phone sales grew by 35 in the second quarter of 2004 compared with the same period last year, according to market monitors Gartner.
The latest image from NASA #39;s Hubble Space Telescope highlights a stellar blast that was first discovered by an amateur astronomer a little more than a month ago.
The most common back-to-school message from educators and parenting experts is: Get involved with your children, their school, their activities.
Worldwide sales of external disk storage systems hit \$3.5 billion in the second quarter, up 8 percent from the same period a year ago, according to research firm IDC.
TechWeb - Global Logistics Technologies Inc. plans to launch next week an upgrade of its logistics and transportation system.
A recent article in New Scientist magazine, entitled  Mysterious signals from 1000 light years away, implies that the UC Berkeley SETIhome project has uncovered a very convincing candidate 
be the first on your block to decode a secret message to Mars and win a toy Lego model! But this was NASA speaking, in conjunction 
Chip maker SMIC experienced healthy growth  quot;primarily due to our increase in capacity and increased demands of our customers for wafers, quot; said company chairman Richard Chang.
AP - It was inevitable that crews building a massive housing development near west Los Angeles wetlands would unearth American Indian remains.
AP - William Siri, a biophysicist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory who helped lead the first American expedition to reach Mount Everest's summit, has died at age 85.
Taiwan electronics components maker Delta Electronics Inc said on Friday a recall of power adapters for laptop computers would cost it less than T\$50 million (\$1.
One of the world's largest bat species is said to be thriving in captivity in a purpose-built tunnel .
Civil liberties groups join the Department of Justice to protest a ruling that said ISPs can freely monitor e-mail. By Ryan Singel.
Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi Saturday expressed sadness over hostage-taking tragedy in Russia that killed hundreds of innocent people.
Reuters - A chimp-sized human ancestor walked\upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been\able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.
Glaciers in Qinghai-Tibet Plateau in west China have been shrinking at an unprecedented fast speed, said Yao Tandong, head of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau Research Institute under 
International Data Machines Corp. (IBM) reported that it will release the design of its blade servers openly to potentional consumers.
Cisco today outlined a strategy for its new Internet protocol (IP) networks and gained technical and Japanese market support by striking a deal with Fujitsu.
Microsoft said some spyware could cause computers to freeze up upon installation of the SP2 update. Microsoft recommends that users clean their PCs of spyware and back up their data before 
A remote control device which can operate household appliances has given a disabled man back his independence.
Simply making the choice to buy organic food can induce a sense of well-being, according to research.
Software giant Apple Computer has unveiled its new iMac desktop computer, which integrates all disk drives and processors into a flat display.
Though technophiles are the one who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.
After receiving harassing messages and even a death threat, the founder of a service that fools caller ID systems has decided to sell the business.
The IBM announcement is being made in collaboration with Intel. Under an agreement reached two years ago, the companies have worked together to design and manufacture blade servers.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. launched an online music store that works with Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows Media Player, the world #39;s largest retailer said on Thursday.
If you have spyware installed on your computer system and you update your operating system with the latest Windows XP Service pack 2 (SP2) update, your computer could possibly freeze.
Contradicting fears that the semiconductor industrys pace of development is slowing, Intel Corp. announced it has achieved a milestone in shrinking the size of 
When Americans go to the polls in November, they will confront a voting system beset by many of the same problems that produced the bitterly disputed outcome four years ago.
Iran said Thursday it would launch its first satellite into space by May 2005, state television reported. Mohammad Fathi, head of Iran #39;s Scientific and Industrial Research Center, said the 
Environmentalists, who have recognized the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea as a wildlife refuge, are pressing to preserve it.
A time-released medication used to prevent heartworm in millions of dogs was recalled after thousands of dogs suffered adverse reactions.
TechWeb - Anacubis Desktop 3.0 shows the BI potential of information visualization software.
TechWeb - LinuxWorld speakers say Linux is ready for you; be ready for it.
BBC correspondent David Shukman meets the scientists who are drilling into California's San Andreas fault.
A chimp-sized human ancestor walked upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.
For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world #39;s largest wireless Internet hot spot.
DIGITAL Bridges, the mobile phone games company, has acquisitions in its sights after signing an exclusive deal with the worlds biggest computer game publisher.
Honda Motor Co., with software help from IBM, is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL sedan.
Red Hat Inc. hired a new chief financial officer as it tries to bolster its sagging stock price and expand into new foreign markets.
Both HP and Sun claimed they were the worldwide leader in storage systems. Sun Microsystems announced that its Network Storage division took the leading position in UNIX disk storage systems factory revenue 
Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp, or SMIC, has established a 12-inch chip production line in Beijing, the first of its kind on the Chinese mainland.
Reuters - AG Interactive and Univision\Communications launched Univision Movil Sept. 1. The new brand\provides bilingual wireless downloads.
Reuters - Web sites that reunite and reignite old\lovers are helping push up England's divorce rates, according\to a UK-based counseling service Wednesday.
Honda already had the most advanced voice-controlled navigation system on the market, but the new version, announced Sept. 1, introduces a slew of improvements.
AUSTRALIAN Mat Mladin claimed his seventh win of the season today in the opening race of the US Superbike Championship double-header in Georgia.
Red Hat #39;s decision to change the way it accounts for subscription revenues  quot;is an accounting issue, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
AP - Builder Jim Sargent paused on the staircase of the model home, sweat glistening on his forehead as the temperature outside rose into the 90s.
Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp. (SMIC) reported its profits to be promising for the rest of the year. The company said it noticed a \$42.
Global cellphone sales rose to record levels in the second quarter as Nokia clawed back some of its lost market share, according to figures released Thursday.
Apple Computer launched the newest version of its iMac model, which at two inches (five centimeters) is the worlds thinnest desktop computer, the company said.
Intel Corp is on track to introduce the worlds most advanced chip production technology in its products next year, the largest semiconductor maker said on Sunday.
Microsoft wants to release its Longhorn client operating system in 2006 to appease customers that have bought into its Software Assurance licensing package, according to analyst Gartner.
EMC last week said it has hired former IBM veteran Jeffrey M. Nick as chief technology officer for the storage vendor. Nick, who left IBM in June following 24 years with the company 
Dr Bunsen Honeydew and his indestructible lab assistant, Beaker, are the UK's favourite TV boffins.
Reuters - China has intensified its battle\against Internet and mobile phone pornography by threatening\distributors with life in prison, Xinhua news agency said.
A Filipino woman who won an \$825,000 lawsuit, claiming a Hollywood executive and his wife enslaved her, has called for an end to human trafficking.
IBM last Friday announced that it will release a low-price disk server aimed at midsize companies that want to establish storage area networks.
China has intensified its battle against Internet and mobile phone pornography by threatening distributors with life in prison, Xinhua news agency says.
Evans led a team that developed a new class of mainframe computers that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously.
Microsoft is making a major push to get Windows users to embrace the security-focused overhaul to its XP computer operating system.
Evans led a team that developed a new class of mainframe computers that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously.
Vormetric #39;s CoreGuard helps Ocwen protect confidential information in its online exchange for the mortgage industry. By Steven Marlin.
where an earthquake killed two people last Christmas - pass on a few miles from the village of Parkfield (population 18) which has been hit six times in 
Ten years ago last Wednesday, Cafe Cyberia, billed as the world's first Internet cafe, opened in the West End of London.
The WB Network has begun previewing its television shows over the Internet, hoping to reach more viewers more quickly, especially during the busy fall season.
With the race for dominance in processor clock speed over, or at least waning, the pursuit for overall performance gains through architectural enhancements is officially beginning.
Fujitsu, Japan #39;s biggest computer manufacturer, have joined hands with Cisco to produce high-end routers and switches for the Japanese market.
Eskimos in the Arctic are worried about changes in the wildlife resulting from climate change and the gradual increase in contaminants.
Dr. Marcia Angell's case against drug companies and their business practices is tough, persuasive and troubling.
Of all the things folks love about consumer electronics, constantly falling prices probably ranks right up there with big-screen televisions and MP3 players.
Genesis: This week over Utah, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snag a returning spacecraft carrying solar particles. By Michael Stroh.
Attendees at Apple Expo in Paris are impressed at the look of the new iMac G5, but mixed on whether it #39;s the right solution for their needs.
Chinese makers and distributors of pornographic materials sent through the Internet, cellphones and other communication devices will face penalties as severe as life imprisonment under new rules that take effect Monday.
Ziff Davis - Both EMC and Veritas are building up their respective e-mail archiving offerings through development and acquisition to give customers more stringent control of enterprise content.
Those caught for  #39;serious offenses #39; could now face life imprisonment while less serious cases could result in compulsory surveillance, detainment, taking into custody by the police.
ONE OF THE brains behind the music industry #39;s moves to drag old ladies, children and other file-sharers through the courts has just lost a slavery case.
Nevada officials will provide voters with touch-screen voting machines from Sequoia Voting Systems Inc. in a primary in September and in the general election in November.
Windows users who install Service Pack 2 should first scan their systems and remove any spyware, according to a Microsoft Executive.
TheDeal.com - The telecom, which holds billions of dollars worth of wireless spectrum, has until mid-October to file its reorganization plan.
Microsoft last week faced accusations of short-changing its Software Assurance customers following its decision to strip core features from the next major Windows client operating system, codenamed Longhorn.
The telecoms watchdog Ofcom is considering how to regulate firms that let you make calls via the net.
Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
As the Internet turned 35 last week, Web speed-demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat 
PC World - Alternative form of high-speed Internet access makes its way to U.S. homes.
Apple should be pushing its Mac OS X software aggressively into corporations running Windows, says a Microsoft solution provider in Massachusetts, but others claim that Apple might be missing 
\A panda in China who became pregnant after watching sex education videos gives birth to twins.
Newborn infants display an innate preference for looking at attractive faces rather than their opposite, researchers say.
Four years after its splashy launch, chip maker is still struggling.
Pennsylvania #39;s attorney general on Monday sued two men for allegedly violating state law by sending out junk e-mail touting an online university that grants diplomas in 72 hours.
The worldwide demand for storage capacity continues to accelerate rapidly, with the latest research from analyst IDC showing a 41.
A new batch of phone numbers will be assigned to accommodate the emerging market for cheap phone calls over the Internet, telecoms industry regulator Ofcom says.
The US space agency, NASA, says work continues on safety improvements on the space shuttle design in anticipation of the shuttle #39;s return to flight in 2005.
Lucie Guo #39;s grandfather died of cancer in China before she was born because doctors failed to detect the disease early enough to save him.
Reuters - A rocket carrying an Israeli spy\satellite crashed shortly after liftoff on Monday, officials\said.
Developers responsible for the Debian Linux distribution announced on Saturday that they will not implement Sender ID due to Microsoft #39;s insistence on licensing the anti-spam standard.
Fujitsu and Cisco Systems, both high end hardware manufacturers are joining forces. Earlier, Fujitsu bundled their strengths with popular phone company Siemens.
Parents angry at a religious group sponsoring a city academy are auctioning it for 2m on the internet.
AP - As Hurricane Frances swirled off Florida's coast, officials wanted word on whether to evacuate millions of residents and reporters insisted on more information about where the menacing storm was headed.
Combat management contractor opts for Win2k as base OS
China beefed up its ongoing crackdown on internet porn on Monday with new rules published that allow courts to issue life sentences to those convicted of posting pornography online.
(IsraelNN.com) An attempted launch of the Ofek 6 surveillance satellite by Israel today was unsuccessful officials report, apparently due to technical malfunction.
Australia #39;s Mat Mladin completed a winning double at the penultimate round of this year #39;s American AMA Chevrolet Superbike Championship after taking 
Reuters - A new technique using\radioactive dating is helping police pin down the approximate\time of death of even badly decomposed bodies, a conference\heard on Monday.
EMC has appointed Jeff Nick, the former chief architect of IBM #39;s grid computing initiative, as its senior vice-president and chief technology officer (CTO).
EMC Corp. and Veritas Software Corp. are building up their respective e-mail archiving offerings through development and acquisition to give customers more stringent control of enterprise content.
Microsoft has advised customers using its SharePoint collaborative working products to apply newly released software patches designed to provide performance and security improvements.
AP - A watchtower built for the International Space Station was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
Macrovision this week is upgrading its AdminStudio software-packaging application, which the company acquired when it bought InstallShield in July.
ROME - A watchtower built for the International Space Station (news - web sites) was turned over to the European Space Agency on Monday, the Italian aerospace company Alenia said.
More than three-quarters of adults in the UK use computers at home or at work, a survey has shown.
Reuters - Powerful Hurricane Ivan, the latest in a\busy storm season, rushed over the Atlantic Ocean on Monday and\threatened the eastern Caribbean Windward Islands.
The regulator for the UKs communications industries today set out details of its approach to new voice services such as Internet Telephony.
The public needs to have greater say in scientific decision-making, the British Association leader says.
Despite their current low rates of broadband penetration, the ten new countries that joined the EU in May are poised for rapid growth in high-speed internet use, thanks 
UK businesswomen are breaking through the 'glass ceiling' to get on the board but then find themselves given impossible tasks, a leading psychologist claims.
Israel's latest and most advanced spy satellite - Ofeq 6 - has been destroyed during launch.
The Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution says 30 of UK waters should be closed to commercial fishing.
China is getting hard on porn. Those caught pushing pornographic images either through the Internet, mobile phones or pornography through phone sex, face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.
Women are being  quot;parachuted quot; into precarious positions within companies where there is a high risk of failure, according to a psychologist.
WinZip Computing warned last month of a security flaw in WinZip, its compression/decompression tool that runs on the Windows platform.
Women are increasingly breaking though the glass ceiling to get seats on company boards but only to find themselves teetering on the edge of the glass cliff, a leading psychologist said on Monday.
AP - First it was a one-two punch of Tropical Storm Bonnie and the devastating Hurricane Charley. Then came Hurricane Frances just three weeks later.
One of the toughest problems in maths may have been solved by the Russian scientist Dr Grigori Perelman, of the Steklov Institute of Mathematics.
Isotopes of lead and polonium could help scientists to form more accurate estimates of when people have died.
One of the toughest problems in maths may have been solved, British Association's Festival of Science is told.
Microsoft has filed a report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission warning that 2005 could be challenging, as Linux continues to steal business and PC sales remain sluggish.
Although Microsoft's Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some other key  technologies, the company said the next Windows release will still be worth the upgrade.
Oracle  customers will be able to get the delayed version of the company's E-Business Suite 11i.10 within 60 days, Oracle announced today.
Leaving their orbiting outpost unmanned, the international space station #39;s two astronauts floated outside on a spacewalk Friday and plugged in new antennas 
maggeth writes  quot;In an update to a previous story, NASA damage assessment teams have begun work at the Kennedy Space Center, which was hit by Hurricane Frances.
Microsoft is dropping the WinFS file system technology from Longhorn, the next version of Windows, in a bid to introduce the operating system by 2006.
Cheap telephone calls made using broadband internet connections came a step closer yesterday when Ofcom, the industry regulator, laid out its plans to help the take-up of the new technology.
Newborn babies prefer to look at attractive faces, says a UK researcher, suggesting that face recognition is hardwired at birth, rather than learned.
The world #39;s longest continually running experiment has revealed traces of plutonium in British soil from nuclear tests in the Nevada desert 50 years ago, scientists said on Monday.
The Scot told the Rovers playing squad of his decision this morning after agreeing to replace Sir Bobby Robson on Tyneside. In one of football #39;s strange quirks, Newcastle 
ONE of the seven great unsolved mysteries of mathematics may have been cracked by a reclusive Russian who has no interest in the million dollar prize his solution could win him.
The beaches of the east coast #39;s barrier islands seemed as calm as they could be on Monday. Just one day after Hurricane Frances wobbled through, only 
Archeologists in northwestern England have found a burial site of six Viking men and women, complete with swords, spears, jewelry, fire-making materials and riding equipment, officials said Monday.
NEW YORK - It was as if the US Open tennis tournament took a deep breath yesterday morning (Singapore time). No remarkable upsets happened.
RUGBY in the Pacific Islands has been dealt a huge blow after they were left out of a major shake-up in the southern hemispheres premier tournaments yesterday.
The Debian Linux group will not deploy the Sender ID anti-spam standard, because Microsoft #39;s license terms do not fit within its free-software guidelines.
ithout depositing any driving rain or generating any gusty wind, Hurricane Frances reached into the Bronx yesterday and disrupted the Yankees #39; baseball schedule.
England #39;s Luke Donald gave the European Ryder Cup team a boost after securing a runaway victory in the European Masters at Crans Sur Sierre in Switzerland.
AP - Harvie Ward, a two-time U.S. Amateur champion and a top teaching pro whose clients included the late Payne Stewart, has died after a long illness.
Street sales of illegally copied Hollywood films, fake auto parts and pharmaceuticals are thriving despite an official government crackdown, agitating a nettlesome trade conflict between Washington and Beijing.
The Yankees are expected to make a push in the next couple of days to sign Eric Milton, and the lefthander has allowed the Yankees to examine his surgically repaired left knee.
ll the emotion Venus Williams crammed into staving off elimination against Lindsay Davenport at the United States Open last night saved the 25th edition of their rivalry from being a dud.
The top-seeded Belgian was upset in the fourth round of the year #39;s last Grand Slam tournament by 14th-seeded Nadia Petrova 6-3, 6-2.
 NORTON, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Tiger Woods was in upbeat  mood despite being deposed as world number one by Fiji's Vijay  Singh Monday.
The Yankees finally played ball last night, taking advantage of an opponent that looked as if it had spent the whole day sitting in ballparks, on buses and in an airplane.
The Internet is receiving its own batch of phone numbers for Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services, the UK #39;s Telecom regulating body Ofcom announced today.
Baseball #39;s players union must step up to diffuse the growing drug-enhancement scandal that has gripped the nation #39;s pastime.
British-based Professor David Alexander is the head of the Disaster Management Subject Group at Coventry University #39;s School of Science and the Environment.
The crowd in Houston was on its feet, beckoning the latest slugging surprise in the Astros #39; vaunted offense to reemerge from the dugout.
Seattle added Aaron Taylor, Jeremy Reed, Mickey Lopez and Greg Dobbs to the Major League roster prior to the game Monday at Safeco Field.
All-rounder Dougie Brown believes Nick Knight can lead Warwickshire to further success over the coming years after clinching the Frizzell County Championship.
Vijay Singh, who took more than 20 years to get to the top of his profession, culminated his career year Monday when he was named 2004 Player of the Year on the PGA Tour.
Star sophomore linebacker Ahmad Brooks is back with the first string after a curious demotion prior to the season-opening win over Temple last Saturday.
Navy coaches remember Ron Winchester's gregarious personality Monday, four days after the former Midshipmen tackle was killed in the Al Anbar province in western Iraq.
Back-to-back drubbings at the hands of the Fever have plunged the Mystics into the Eastern Conference's cellar and endangered the team's postseason chances.
The Ravens released their final 53-man roster Monday. The team terminated the contract of veteran fullback Harold Morrow, and waived eight other players.
Justine Henin-Hardenne missed nearly four months with an energy-sapping virus and then, against most odds, won six matches in Athens and left with an Olympic gold medal.
Victor Co. of Japan said today it has succeeded in manufacturing an environmentally friendly DVD with a special plastic synthesized from corn starch.
New pay-as-you-go pricing for Breeze Live service is meant to attract small businesses.
IBM sells its fourth supercomputer--to tackle the protein-folding challenge that inspired the computer in the first place.
Thanks to new technology, it will soon be easier to find out what is available in the murky realm of frequent-flier travel redemption.
Konarka Technologies is expected to announce that it has acquired from Siemens of Germany the technology to print power cells on flexible sheets of plastic.
Vijay Singh of Fiji, right, smiles at Tiger Woods on the 18th green after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship at TPC Boston on Monday in Norton, Mass.
Ofcom, the official telecom regulator for the UK, published its approach to new voice services, including Voice over Broadband (VoB) phone services.
Researchers at Britain #39;s University of Exeter found newborn babies, despite blurred vision, prefer to look at an attractive face.
Singh shot 68 to widen his lead over Tiger Woods at the Deutsche Bank Championship, putting him one round from his sixth victory of the year and the No.
Hurricane Frances spared NASA #39;s depleted shuttle fleet but ripped away siding from a towering landmark Kennedy Space Center facility, exposing the critical enclosure to the 
In early July, Apple stopped taking orders for iMacs, saying it had planned to have the next generation iMac available that month.
The gotcha moment, the beginning of the end of a golfing era, came at the fifth-to-the-last hole of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
In 1939, a young Joe Louis fought a heavyweight title bout against close friend John Henry Lewis, a longtime light heavyweight champion.
Ryan Klesko singled in the go-ahead run with none out in the eighth inning and San Diego ended St. Louis #39; nine-game winning streak.
When Greg Dobbs and Jeremy Reed were called into Tacoma manager Dan Rohn #39;s office on Sunday afternoon, they knew why. So did Mickey Lopez.
Airport sleepover: Hundreds of people made Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport their temporary home the last few days, sleeping in makeshift beds of pushed-together chairs and using clothing for blankets.
A quarter century after Sony Corp. first shipped the legendary Walkman personal stereo, the electronics giant is launching a high-tech model that aims to topple Apple Computer Inc.
Super prospect Jeremy Reed and right-hander Aaron Taylor, who is making a comeback from surgery, were among four minor-leaguers called up by the Seattle Mariners on Monday.
Sven-Goran Eriksson is counting on David Beckham being able to prove his fitness for tomorrows vital World Cup qualifier in Poland despite a rib injury.
The last time Johnny Damon was at the Network Associates Coliseum before Monday, he doesn #39;t remember leaving. The date was Oct. 6, 2003.
College football fans welcomed back the first full weekend of the season with plenty of excitement and storylines over a holiday weekend packed with action.
At the Open World conference, which commenced yesterday in London, Oracle laid out the most comprehensive offering yet of its Business Suite of applications and unveiled new procurement applications for contracts and services.
Steven Gerrard is confident that England can handle the pressure-cooker situation they will find themselves in when they tackle Poland in Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier.
John Force didn #39;t score his fifth victory in the National Hot Rod Association #39;s biggest event Monday at Indianapolis Raceway Park.
For CC Sabathia, his 5-0 win Monday night over the Mariners proved to be uncharted terrain. No, it had nothing to do with it being a shutout.
Greg Anderson has so dominated Pro Stock this season that his championship quest has evolved into a pursuit of NHRA history. By Bob Hesser, Racers Edge Photography.
NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center suffered more damage from Hurricane Frances than any storm in its history, but escaped devastation that could have ended the US human space flight program.
AP - For the second straight season, the Pittsburgh Steelers might go into their opener without one of their key defensive players.
PC World - A high-capacity cigar, keys to the Internet, disc repair tools, Bluetooth add-on kit, and more.
TechWeb - Eight companies hope to cut costs and improve quality by sharing software code.
AP - When coach Lou Holtz set out to revamp South Carolina's losing culture this offseason, he took a look at himself as well.
A high-capacity cigar, keys to the Internet, disc repair tools, Bluetooth add-on kit, and more.
Brandon Backe hit the first home run by an Astros pitcher since Ron Villone smacked one Aug. 15, 2003.
After a daylong wait for an afternoon doubleheader that got turned into a single night game, the New York Yankees found their 1-2 punch.
For mycologists  mushroom hunters  working in the mountains of Belize, there's little glamour, but many mysteries to solve.
In the midst of tragedy, a wife asks if it is possible to retrieve and store some of her husband's sperm after his death.
Kathleen Tierney, a disaster researcher, says that catastrophes change the way people experience time.
A sprinkling of architects and designers around the world are working to greatly change hospitals by humanizing their design.
Alejandro Valverde threw down the gauntlet to the other contenders in the Tour of Spain cycle race by winning stage three between Burgos and Soria.
LUKE DONALD will tell Bernhard Langer next week he is confident enough to be paired with any of his European team-mates in the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills.
Spammers have become enthusiastic adopters of technology designed to spot and stop them.
Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd announced Monday it will launch a 65-inch high-definition plasma display on October 1. The latest model of the Viera series will be the 
Ichiro Suzuki inched closer to the Major League hits record with a 2-for-4 night. They were two of just five hits Seattle managed against Cleveland starter CC 
The Little Engine That Could simply couldn #39;t any longer. Olivier Rochus, who stood much taller than his 5-foot-5-inch frame in two big 
They once again escaped with a victory in a game that had the same type of tension that marked the last time they played at Network Associates Coliseum, the home of the always formidable Oakland Athletics.
Vijay Singh #39;s rise to No. 1 in golf could be a tonic for old ethnic divisions in Fiji, even if it takes a while for his achievement to sink in.
Justine Henin-Hardenne looked up at the scoreboard that showed her opponent, Russian Nadia Petrova, leading by a set and a break. Then 
With team spirit integral to sporting success, it #39;s hardly surprising that everyone in the England camp wants Wayne Bridge to do well.
Kimi Raikkonen #39;s well-deserved win in the Belgian Grand Prix has revived hopes of the last few races of the year being genuinely competitive.
Catching the New York Yankees stats, schedule remains the primary goal of the Red Sox stats, schedule, but winning the wild card and being forced to face the Oakland 
Archaeologists unearth what is believed to be the first discovery of a Viking burial site in the UK.
All three remaining space shuttles weathered Hurricane Frances without apparent damage, after the cyclone weakened before hitting the Florida coast south of Cape Canaveral.
CNET News.com recently ran a report on companies with technologies that involve implanting RFID chips under people #39;s skin or inside a bracelet.
As Oracle Corp. pushes forward with its hostile bid to acquire rival enterprise software maker PeopleSoft Inc. for \$7.7 billion, it is also sizing up further acquisition 
Fueled by demand in the Asia/Pacific region and Japan, external disk storage systems revenues grew 8 percent year over year to \$3.
Defending women #39;s champion and top-seed Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium is out of the US Open tennis tournament in New York.
BAGSHOT, England -- England acting head coach Andy Robinson has insisted that he is the right man to take the world champions through to the 2007 World Cup.
Rugby fans across the Tasman will have to enter a ballot to obtain tickets for next year #39;s Lions tour. Fifteen thousand visitors are also expected to follow their team from Britain.
As Frances continued its move toward the Panhandle with strong winds and constant rain, the Seminoles practiced inside Monday. Although coach Bobby Bowden had 
LONDON - The number of newcomers to the internet in Britain has surged this year to its highest level since the dotcom heyday of 2001, according to a study.
USATODAY.com - Why waste time at the airport and rack up travel expenses when you can hold that business meeting over the Internet?
AP - In what it calls a first in international air travel, Finnair says it will let its frequent fliers check in using text messages on mobile phones.
They played for the championship of Armenia yesterday at Flushing Meadow, where a collateral event, the US Open, was also in progress.
For eight innings, anyway, it was the kind of pulsating confrontation that was anticipated considering how tough it has been to separate these two teams lately.
Spain coach Luis Aragones is looking for a huge improvement from his side when they begin their World Cup qualifying campaign with a tricky tie against Bosnia on Wednesday.
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 29&lt;/strong&gt; Or should that be 'Technology Centre'?
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; As Intel prepares to detail its own multi-core chips
A current slew of games suggest that the Vietnam War is the conflict of the moment, with Conflict: Vietnam and Shellshock: Nam '67 out this week.
A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
Microsoft said on Friday it will ship the next version of Windows in 2006, but scaled back plans to include a new system for finding and storing information in its flagship operating system.
Big pharmaceutical companies are testing new tracking technology they hope will help them spot counterfeit drugs before they reach consumers' medicine cabinets.
Ice cores drilled from deep beneath the floor of the Arctic Ocean show it was once warm enough for swimming.
Explosion of special-interest XML dialects could mean the standard is a success or could be the start of a new headache.
Start-up SugarCRM sets out to shake up the business applications market with a free program and low-cost support.
The issue has united readers of all stripes, from the religious to privacy advocates, CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos writes.
Macromedia is looking to bring Web conferencing to the masses by making its Breeze Live hosted service available on a pay-as-you go basis instead of requiring a subscription.
After its recent delays and missteps, chip maker sets its sights on a dual-core future.
It may be missing a few features, but the OS will be worth the upgrade, Microsoft says.
The Viry technical director is aiming for perfect reliability through to the final race of the year. Beginning this weekend in Monza.
Inside the unfathomable superhuman future after the 'singularity.' By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
Sundeep Sanghavi's job at Cable   Wireless USA Inc. had been to look for mistakes in the bills the company received from other telecommunications carriers.
A daring trip to study the solar wind will end on Wednesday with the midair retrieval of extraterrestrial samples above the Utah desert.
The software giant #39;s much anticipated security-laden upgrade for the Windows XP operating system is finally available for installation.
Doctors and their patients in many countries are facing increasing problems receiving lifesaving isotopes for treating a range of illnesses.
New York, Fiji-born Vijay Singh, who traces his roots to India, has replaced American Tiger Woods as the top-ranking golfer in the world.
High school athletes have the concept of team pounded into their heads beginning on the first day of practice. But Orlando Pace, a five-time Pro Bowl offensive tackle for the St.
Ziff Davis - Microsoft's omission of WinFS from the Longhorn version of Windows may open options for open-source competitors to the forthcoming operating system.
Ziff Davis - Enterprise application vendors should be lauded for offering evaluation versions.
Jenson Button claims contractual  quot;differences quot; prompted him to quit BAR and join Williams for the 2005 Formula One season.
A new Naples football club, formed to replace the bankrupt team of the Italian city, has been handed a place in the country #39;s third division.
A group of major wireless operators, device and infrastructure vendors Tuesday released a proposed specification that the group claims will enable devices to seamlessly transition between cellular and wireless data networks.
Fists and flags were flying yesterday as the Argos and Hamilton Tiger-Cats renewed hostilities yesterday in a Labour Day game for the ages at Ivor Wynne Stadium.
Microsoft said some spyware could cause computers to freeze up upon installation of the SP2 update. Microsoft recommends that users clean their PCs of spyware and back up their data before 
Japanese electronics and entertainment giant Sony Corp. showed Tuesday a camcorder that takes video at digital high-definition quality for the home.
It has been 25 years since Sony launched the original Walkman, now the portable entertainment scene is going through a energetic renaissance, but this time it is digital.
Less than three months on from their Euro 2004 defeat by the Czech Republic, the Netherlands begin their World Cup campaign against the same opponents on Wednesday with a new-look side.
The Finnish phone giant is only the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless service and software.
France knew no parties and no religious controversy, only republicans and patriots. As in times of war, this otherwise highly divided nation, with its many social, ethnic and religious 
Sensor system allows input from virtually anything
AFP - The lavish wedding of the heir to oil-rich Brunei's throne this week underscores the enduring importance of royal families in some Asian countries despite rapid modernisation.
British telecom regulator Ofcom said its approach to VoIP and release of new telephone numbering for it was aimed at encouraging the services through reduced costs and increased competition.
The following is a statement from NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe regarding the damage left behind at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the wake of Hurricane Frances.
A sprawling computer chip factory near the war-scarred German city of Dresden is forcing a shift in momentum in the battle between two US technology superpowers.
Version 11i.10 will focus on industry-specific capabilities and will add new software for procurement management. By Laurie Sullivan.
Do clinical trials actually benefit the volunteers who take part? Is scientific research used as a tool by political spin doctors?
BMC Software announced Tuesday the release of BMC Batch Impact Manager, a system that allows customers to manage batch processes according to their business importance.
Hitachi Data Systems on Tuesday launched a new high-end storage hardware device whose motto could essentially be  quot;everyone into the pool.
The Symbian OS Series 80 platform is the latest system to get support for the BlackBerry Connect push server from Research In Motion (RIM).
Some of the earliest settlers of America may have come from Australia, southern Asia, and the Pacific, new research suggests. Traditional theories have held that the first Americans originated from northern Asia.
Frequent Fliers on Finnair will be get flight info and seat assigments as text messages on their cells. Once they reply, they are checked in.
If success is earned by those who work the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is a shining example. It has been a long, and often grueling, global 
Former champion Lleyton Hewitt beat Karol Beck of Slovakia 6-4, 6-2, 6-2 and rolled into the US Open quarterfinals on Tuesday without dropping a set.
Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza for the second year running to take his second stage of the 2004 race on Tuesday.
Formula One tyre makers Michelin believe high-speed blowouts at the last Belgian Grand Prix and in recent Monza tests were due to sharp kerbs and human error.
Tabuse, who was waived after training camp with the Denver Nuggets last year, hopes to become the first Japanese-born player to make the NBA.
When the Colts kick off the NFL season Thursday night at New England, he expects the bar to be higher, the pressure more intense, the spotlight brighter.
The Miami Dolphins set out in the offseason to upgrade at quarterback, and, when they traded for AJ Feeley in March, it seemed likely that he would be the starter.
Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Vikings attempted to shore up their kicking game Tuesday when the team signed veteran Morten Andersen and released Brett Conway.
BP Plc, Europe #39;s largest oil company, said it evacuated 500 non-essential workers from offshore rigs near Trinidad and Tobago as Hurricane Ivan approached the Caribbean country.
Two Italian woman aid workers and two Iraqis were kidnapped in broad daylight in central Baghdad Tuesday in a brazen raid that will alarm foreigners already edgy from widespread kidnappings.
A BRITISH soldier was arrested today on charges of having murdered an Iraqi civilian while serving in southern Iraq last year, police said.
Reuters - Drivers still learning how to talk\on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an\even more complex world.
The US-led anti-terrorism coalition is still hunting terror mastermind Osama bin Laden, the chief suspect in the September 11, 2001 deadly attacks on US cities.
AP - Jay Fiedler was named Miami's starting quarterback for the fifth consecutive season Tuesday, beating out A.J. Feeley after a six-month competition.
AP - Former NFL football player Tommy Kane pleaded guilty Tuesday in Quebec Superior Court to manslaughter in the death of his wife.
Reuters - Former Pink Floyd mainman Roger\Waters released two new songs, both inspired by the U.S.-led\invasion of Iraq, via online download outlets Tuesday.
AP - Eddie George, Jevon Kearse, Robaire Smith and Justin McCareins are gone. Frank Wycheck has retired.
PC World - Chip maker will being testing the emerging, high-speed wireless technology.
AP - Developed countries should do more for Africa, including opening their markets to trade, the head of the International Monetary Fund said Tuesday.
AFP - Japanese automaker Honda's US subsidiary said it would begin manufacturing a new sport-utility vehicle under the Acura brand at its Ohio assembly plant starting in 2006.
AP - ESPN will launch a new multimedia college sports initiative in March 2005 that includes a new 24-hour television network and content from ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine.
Algeria's main Islamist rebels, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat, pick a new chief to replace the one killed in June.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Olympic gold medallist Jason Gardener  faces more surgery -- but this time it will be on his wrists.
 LONDON (Reuters) - British police arrested four men Tuesday  in an anti-terrorism raid in the southern port of Southampton.
The estimate by Congress' nonpartisan budget experts immediately provided political fodder for both parties.
DAVIE, Fla. - Jay Fiedler was named Miami's starting quarterback for the fifth consecutive season Tuesday, beating out A.J...
Discovery, Atlantis and Endeavour -- were not in the NASA Vehicle Assembly Building during the onslaught of Hurricane Frances. The VAB lost about 40,000 
Red Hat has announced a partnership with Unisys and the availability of security updates to their Enterprise Linux offering today.
Microsoft has admitted that growing pressure from open-source operating system, Linux, is eating into the companys profits and will hit revenues hard over the next fiscal year.
Two prominent open-source software groups have rejected a proposed technology standard backed by Microsoft Corp. that would close a loophole used to send unsolicited commercial 
The first time they met last season, the New England Patriots barely held on for a 38-34 victory. The second time they met last season, some members of the 
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world.
 NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. plans to begin selling later this month a cellular telephone that includes a hard-disk drive. The handset was unveiled 
Air pollution levels in the UK are too high to meet key objectives and may harm human health, an expert tells the BA science festival.
Masayoshi Son is a soft-spoken man with a mild manner and a polite smile that belies his grand ambitions. (Softbank) 
At Oracle OpenWorld, the database software giant touts the application server aimed at midsize companies.
Update to Enterprise Linux 3 also includes support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
New TagmaStore plays well with rivals' arrays to keep watch over 32 petabytes of data.
Stephen Richards will retire from his positions as chief operating officer and chief financial officer.
But users of the popular compression tool will need to upgrade to version 9 of the software.
The networking gear maker launches a financial incentive program to spur sales to smaller companies overseas.
Net6 says it has just the trick to make voice calling over a Secure Sockets Layer VPN work well.\
Company cites better-than-expected performance from its recent acquisition of wireless content provider Jamba.
Finnish phone giant is the latest to make its devices compliant with Research In Motion's wireless e-mail service.
Chip maker will being testing the emerging, high-speed wireless technology.
Online DVD renter Netflix Inc. and television recorder maker TiVo Inc. are close to a deal to allow Netflix subscribers to download movies over the Internet to their 
For the second year running Alessandro Petacchi won a bunch sprint at the Tour of Spain in Zaragoza to take his second stage of the 2004 race.
Colts.com. Synopsis: The Colts, in their first game of the season, will play the team they faced in their last game last season: the New England Patriots.
Newest HDTV is the largest such device designed for consumers, company claims.
Hassan Rowhani, the secretary of Irans Supreme National Security Council, held discussions on Monday with Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot and other officials of the Netherlands, which 
Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80-based line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
The founder of a US Caller ID falsification service is selling up, just days after setting up in business.\
Laksamana.Net - President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono says terrorism is the enemy of all religions so they must wage war against the violent scourge.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko is to ask voters to allow him to stand for a third term in 2006.
Ofcom, the United Kingdom #39;s regulatory agency for telecommunications, revealed plans to facilitate voice over IP in the residental market, including a new prefix for broadband numbers.
Hurricane Ivan, which weakened to a Category 2 storm Monday, is expected to regain its strength today as it plows through the Windward Islands and passes at least 200 miles south of St.
An Italian aid organization in Iraq says two Italian women working for the group have been kidnapped. Witnesses say gunmen stormed the central Baghdad offices of the Italian organization, Bridge to Baghdad 
As chipmakers plunge into the world of multicore processors to increase performance, software companies are struggling to catch up.
What if the New York Yankees decided they only wanted to play against teams in big-market cities like Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston?
Hamas turned one of its most painful setbacks in four years of fighting with Israel into a macabre popularity festival Tuesday 
AP - Morten Andersen, the second-leading scorer in NFL history, signed with the Minnesota Vikings on Tuesday, two days after being cut by Kansas City.
AP - A Russian television network showed footage from inside the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
AFP - Saudi Arabia and China have reportedly agreed to hold regular political consultations.
Intel is pressing for the adoption of dual- and multi-core processors and platforms, and will use more stringent standards for promising delivery of key products, its president said Tuesday.
CALGARY (CP) - Swimming Canada has fired head coach Dave Johnson, who came under fire for Canada #39;s poor performance in the Olympic pool in Athens.
Lawyers today tried to block moves to unveil more of the supposed financial backers of the alleged coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
New dual-core processors will make conventional software licensing models obsolete. What's next?
KTF is the last of the major South Korean carriers to license Java as required by the Wireless Internet Platform for Interoperability.
In-flight broadband still too expensive and immature, British Airways CEO says.
Florida residents today began cleaning up and surveying the losses caused by Hurricane Frances, the most powerful storm in 55 years to hit the state #39;s central eastern coast.
To counter Microsoft #39;s planned entry into the digital music market, Apple Computer offered to sign a strategic agreement with Sony, according to a Sept.
MIAMI (Ticker) - Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad underwent surgery to remove a bursal infection in his right thigh, the team announced on Tuesday.
AP - There is no arrogant swagger among the Carolina Panthers, no bold predictions that they will walk straight back into the Super Bowl this season.
AP - The game between the Atlanta Braves and the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday was postponed because of a steady rain that began Monday night.
Burned by a series of production missteps and canceled products, the company lets AMD get out in front on multicore product announcements.
In what it calls a first in international air travel, Finnair says it will let its frequent fliers check in using text messages on mobile phones.
TOKYO - KDDI Corp beat NTT DoCoMo Inc in net subscription growth in the Japanese cell phone market in August for the first time in three months.
When Vijay Singh became the world No1 on Monday, displacing Tiger Woods after a record 264 weeks, it was just reward for an outstanding season.
Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad had surgery Tuesday for an infection in his right thigh and is expected to miss Sunday #39;s opener against the Tennessee Titans.
ROME: Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi joined opposition leaders to urge a united front following the Baghdad abduction of two female aid workers.
The International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) Tuesday called the first witness in the defense case of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic 
JOHOR BARU: The Singapore authorities have been invited to check chicken farms in Johor for avian influenza if the republic wants to import poultry from here.
As Matt Leinart drifted toward the left sideline, scrambling to buy extra time, he motioned David Kirtman to break off his route and go downfield.
Two Hollywood stunt pilots and a space capsule full of stardust were on track for a historic mid-air encounter above the Utah desert on Wednesday at the end of 
THE US CONSUMER Product Safety Commission said that printers from Lexmark, Dell and IBM can short circuit, posing possible electric shock hazards to consumers.
The company unveiled its long-awaited TagmaStore storage system that can act as the front-end manager for multiple storage systems from other vendors.
swight1701 writes  quot;It is being reported that Samsung has shown what it claims is the world #39;s first mobile phone that incorporates a hard drive.
Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - Tuesday night #39;s game between the Philadelphia Phillies and Atlanta Braves at Turner Field was postponed because of rain.
Israeli armored vehicles backed by helicopters rolled into Palestinian-controlled areas of the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses said.
JAKARTA - Army chiefs from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Tuesday to share intelligence information in order to curb terrorism and transnational crimes.
TORONTO (CP) - Team Finland arrived in Toronto on Tuesday on the off-chance that Canada loses its World Cup of Hockey quarter-final game against Slovakia.
AP - A few weeks ago, Cliff Fleming was chasing the Batmobile at night in a helicopter 20 feet above the cavernous streets of Chicago.
 LONDON (Reuters) - If success is earned by those who work  the hardest, then newly crowned world number one Vijay Singh is  a shining example.
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli armored vehicles backed by  helicopters rolled into Palestinian-controlled areas of the  northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, Palestinian witnesses  said.
AP - A new database of tree genes has been released by Oregon and Swedish researchers in an effort to speed up basic and commercial research.
AP - Some 60 hippos have died from an unknown cause in the past two months in one of Uganda's national parks, an official said Tuesday.
Lleyton Hewitt eliminated Karol Beck, a 22-year-old Slovakian who was making his first Grand Slam appearance in the round of 16.
But a new report from the Asian Development Bank also finds a growing gap between rich and poor.
The Lions committee confirms Sir Clive Woodward as coach for New Zealand tour.
SAN FRANCISCO--Intel predicted three years of solid development in wireless broadband on Tuesday, as it showed the first samples of its Rosedale 802.
DAVIE, Fla. (Sept. 7, 2004) -- Miami Dolphins fullback Rob Konrad had surgery to remove damaged tissue from his infected right thigh.
MIAMI - Friday may mark No. 5 Miamis entrance into the Atlantic Coast Conference. However, you can forgive the Hurricanes if the game has a familiar feel to it.
Glasgow band Franz Ferdinand win this year's Mercury Music Prize for their self-titled debut album.
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Think different, developers told
The European Space Agency's chief scientist sets out his vision for a DNA library on the Moon in case of emergency.
It might be viewed as a contradiction in terms to suggest that Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt, the 2001 US Open champion, was moving quietly along.
Admitting he was not comfortable coming off the bench, Matt Berry may get his wish to be Brigham Young #39;s starting quarterback.
French Foreign Ministry confirmed Friday the delay of Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar #39;s visit to France, previously scheduled for Sept.
At least 143 people have died in China in flash floods and landslides triggered by torrential rains, the official Xinhua new agency reports.
Oracle Tuesday continued its midmarket push with the release of a new version of its 10g J2EE application server priced for midsize customers.
An update to Computer Associates' management software lets users bill for IT services based on usage.
Three years of solid development in wireless broadband lie ahead, Intel says, as it gives a first look at its Rosedale WiMax processor.
In a rare admission, an Intel executive says the Itanium chip family still isn't living up to \expectations.
Chipmaker turns to a more-is-better approach, downplaying chip speeds in favor of new features and designs.
The US men #39;s national team took the lead in Group A of the semifinal stage of CONCACAF region World Cup qualifying with its 2-0 victory Saturday over El Salvador.
The Mac maker patches a bushel of security issues in its flagship operating system, some of which are considered "critical."
Oracle says its new E-Business Suite 11i.10 will improve business process automation and operating efficiency across an enterprise.
BP Plc, Europe #39;s largest oil company, said it evacuated 500 non-essential workers from offshore rigs near Trinidad and Tobago as Hurricane Ivan approached the Caribbean country.
The communications equipment maker scales back the size of its purchase of Advanced Fibre Communications.
Justice Department urges FCC to deny extension request of Alltel, along with those of AT #38;T, Sprint.
Plan promises downloads of up to 3mbps to lure in gamers and other high-bandwidth users.
Carriers are pleased with system that will allow consumers to transfer fixed-line numbers to their Net phone service.
One-inch media storage drive marks a step forward for convergence of mobile devices.
Blackburn have started the search for a successor to Graeme Souness, with the club revealing they have received 20 serious applications for the post.
The Notre Dame message boards are no longer discussing whether Tyrone Willingham should be fired. Theyre already arguing about whether the next coach should be Barry Alvarez or Steve Spurrier.
Tery Holland, former athletic director at the University of Virginia was named Tuesday to that post at East Carolina University. Holland signed a five-year deal with ECU starting Oct.
Netra line of servers will have Linux as an operating system option.
ITSolutions will provide IT consolidation services to help streamline operations at eight branches of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The five-year, \$55 million deal is designed to help the convenience retailer improve customer service while boosting efficiency and productivity.
The Apache Software Foundation and the Debian Project said they won't support the Sender ID e-mail authentication standard in their products.
FedEx CEO Frederick W. Smith was named today by the Business Roundtable to chair the group's security task force.
The decision by IT services and hardware vendor Unisys Corp. comes one month after the company announced its first Linux servers.
Rosedale is asystem-on-chip processor designed for networking gear that will wirelessly connect end users' homes or offices with a WiMax-based broadband network.
A consolidating market and an economic recovery during the past year have made future acquisition deals in the near term more likely for Oracle, according to company President Charles Phillips.
Reuters - The American death toll in Iraq\topped 1,000 on Tuesday nearly 18 months after President Bush\launched the war that has become a central issue in the
AP - The Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins will play two doubleheaders to make up the three-game series that was wiped out last weekend in Miami by Hurricane Frances.
AP - The Tennessee Titans don't plan to worry about Hurricane Ivan right now. They're too busy preparing to play the Miami Dolphins in a season opener still scheduled for Sunday.
AP - The San Francisco Giants recalled right-handers Jesse Foppert, David Aardsma and outfielder Todd Linden from Triple-A Fresno on Tuesday.
NewsFactor - AMD (NYSE: AMD) says software vendors 
AP - For more than half her life, Zina Garrison heard the same advice from Althea Gibson: Work on your serve.
Inexpensive flash-based player isn't perfect, but it serves its purpose.
Intel exec offers few details about dual-core chips as he talks up new technologies.
More details on Yonah, the company's dual-core notebook chip, will be released this week.
Software giant unveils apps for companies with limited IT resources.
Company is recalling certain laser printers, which are also sold by IBM and Dell.
Luck is a relative term for Mario Lemieux, who has endured back operations, hip operations, cancer, a premature retirement and a team bankruptcy.
The hostage crisis in Iraq has worsened with gunmen kidnapping two Italian women aid workers and two Iraqis from their offices in Baghdad.
Australian Lleyton Hewitt #39;s hot streak has continued, the No.4 seed crushing Slovakian Karol Beck to reach the US Open quarter-finals.
TWO Italian women were kidnapped in Iraq yesterday when armed men in military uniforms stormed the Baghdad office of an aid group where they worked.
A 21-YEAR OLD British soldier appeared in court yesterday charged with murdering an Iraqi civilian during the course of an arrest.
Reuters - Israeli tanks and helicopters swept into\the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday, a day after\soldiers killed 14 Hamas militants in the biggest ever raid of\its kind.
Andrei Pavel's decision to withdraw from the tournament because of a back injury gives Roger Federer a walkover -- and a showdown with Andre Agassi on Wednesday night.
The Ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle Jonathan Ogden improves, and continue to hope that he will play in the season opener.
SAN FRANCISCO - California Attorney General Bill Lockyer said on Tuesday that he would sue electronic voting machine maker Diebold Inc.
THERE is nothing new under the sun. Heres the scenario. Itsa vital World Cup qualifier deep in the industrial heartlands of Poland.
Jose Valentin has been the White Sox shortstop for five seasons, but there is no guarantee he will be back in 2005. Valentin, who turns 35 in October and is 
They may seem like uncharted waters for closer-in-waiting Jesse Crain, but two-inning stints are all part of the master plan for the rookie reliever.
The Dodgers made their first acquisition of the offseason Monday, signing reserve outfielder Ricky Ledee to a two-year, \$2.5 million contract.
About 39,400 laser printers made by Lexmark International may pose an electrical shock hazard, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission warned this week.
CAPE CANAVERAL - Unless specifically called in, Kennedy Space Center workers should stay home until Monday, NASA and shuttle contractor United Space Alliance said today.
Tellabs Inc., a maker of fiber-optic network equipment, on Tuesday lowered the terms of a deal to buy Advanced Fibre Communications Inc.
California #39;s Attorney General Bill Lockyer said today that he is suing Diebold over fraudulent claims he believes that company has made with regards to their electronic voting machines.
WORLD champion driver Michael Schumacher escaped uninjured after a high-speed crash during a testing session in Monza, Italy, yesterday.
Champion jockey Kieren Fallon was released on bail without charge this morning after he was arrested for alleged involvement in the fixing of British thoroughbred races.
JERUSALEM Israel began releasing more than 130 Palestinian prisoners on Tuesday in a move aimed at easing overcrowding in its jails, security officials said.
The ghosts that have long haunted Slobodan Milosevic have finally appeared in court, and they have fundamentally altered the war crimes trial of the former Yugoslav president.
The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
AP - The New York Yankees are annoyed at the commissioner's office over the way their game against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays was postponed.
The University of Illinois took the Assembly Hall court on Monday night with a number one ranking in the ESPN / USA Today Coaches and AP Polls for the first time since January 23, 1989.
AFP - The death toll from floods and landslides unleashed by ferocious storms lashing southwest China jumped to 143 with at least 50 more missing, state media reported.
Ever since Nomar Garciaparra was traded for Orlando Cabrera, the Boston Red Sox have gone 26-8.
The Japanese music industry is making its first steps into the download business, but it has a long way to go before it hits its stride.
India batsman Rahul Dravid was voted Player of the Year at the International Cricket Council #39;s inaugural awards ceremony in London after averaging 62 runs an innings for the national team.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League team owners and  players appear poised to enter long contract negotiations  Thursday in a last-ditch bid to start the season on schedule.
Nokia announced plans to preload Blackberry software in its Nokia Series 80-based mobile devices, including the Nokia 9500 Communicator.
Intel Corp. President Paul S. Otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games 
na meeting of the cinematic with the scientific, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a returning NASA space probe out of the air this morning before it hits the ground.
Hurricane Frances battered the Kennedy Space Center, a top NASA official said Tuesday, blowing gaping holes in the Vehicle Assembly Building and ripping open the 
Lexmark has ordered the recall of more than 39,000 Dell, IBM and Lexmark branded laser printers due to short-circuiting problems that could lead to electrical shocks.
The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled 
Verizon Communications is boosting its broadband Internet offerings in an effort to lure customers from cable TV companies like Comcast Corp.
Sep 08 - Vijay Singh revelled in his status as the new world number one after winning the Deutsche Bank Championship by three shots in Boston on Monday.
The United States hit its stride just in time to avoid elimination from the World Cup of Hockey. Facing the same Russian team that dominated them five nights earlier 
Beating the Cincinnati Reds for the 11th time in his career was only the second-best thing that #39;s happened to Roy Oswalt in the last two days.
Rookie Alana Beard has looked like a seasoned veteran ever since the Washington Mystics put teammate Chamique Holdsclaw on the injured list.
Tens of thousands of people rallied Tuesday outside the Kremlin in a show of solidarity against terrorism. The demonstration came nearly a week after more than 350 people, many 
TOKYO - A typhoon pounded western Japan, killing 10 people, leaving several others missing and knocking out power to more than a million households.
The newly released former deputy of Malaysia, Anwar Ibrahim, has made an  quot;amazing quot; recovery from back surgery, according to his doctor in Germany.
MOSCOW: A Russian television network Tuesday broadcast footage from the school raided by militants last week depicting hooded attackers in a gymnasium crowded with hostages and strung up with explosives attached to wires.
 TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran's chief nuclear negotiator  acknowledged on Wednesday that Tehran was in talks to renew its  freeze of some sensitive nuclear activities.
Two people were under hospital observation in northern Malaysia with flu-like symptoms yesterday as the country fought to contain the second case of deadly bird flu in two weeks.
During the Chinese Communist Party #39;s Central Committee plenary meeting this month we can expect to witness a power struggle between President Hu Jintao (  ) and Central 
Tiger Woods finished second at the Deutsche Bank Championship on Monday in Norton, Mass., and lost his No. 1 spot in the world rankings to tournament winner Vijay Singh.
The Indian cricket team and cricket fans are anxiously awaiting the ICC Awards ceremony to be held at London #39;s Alexandra Palace on Tuesday.
Consumers could browse through Netflix #39; huge catalog of movies, then download everything but the popcorn into their TiVo digital recording device for immediate viewing.
Underlining its WiMAX ambitions, world number one chipmaker Intel has disclosed technical details of its upcoming wireless broadband chip.
Hope could arrive for the Washington Mystics tomorrow if three-time WNBA All-Star Chamique Holdsclaw decides she wants to be activated off the injured list.
Candidates for president in Afghanistan #39;s first free elections to be held Oct. 9 officially kicked off their campaigns yesterday.
The European Space Agency's chief scientist sets out his vision for a DNA library on the Moon in case of emergency.
India's Rahul Dravid is named the world's best cricketer at the ICC Awards.
Jennifer Capriati beats fellow American and rival Serena Williams to reach the last four of the US Open.
Church leaders in El Salvador call for the 1980 murder case of Archbishop Romero to be re-opened. 
Johnson   Johnson is in advanced negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart illnesses, for more than \$24 billion.
A third of people trying to lose weight find they actually end up piling on the pounds, a survey finds.
After examining film of Saturday's game, Maryland coaches pinpointed a series of lapses that Coach Ralph Friedgen summed up as "a mess."
\A US soldier who deserted to North Korea four decades ago embarks on a new life with his family in Japan.
As U.S. deaths in Iraq surpassed 1,000, Pentagon officials said insurgents controlled important parts of central Iraq.
Vice President Dick Cheney said that the country would be at risk of a terror attack if it made "the wrong choice" in November.
The US Congress is ready to vote on sweeping changes to the country's intelligence agencies.
The flow of people between the campaigns and advocacy groups is alarming those who fought for tighter campaign finance rules.
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; They really mean it this time
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Sampling silicon right now
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Welcome Whitefield
The Met Office is celebrating 150 years by unveiling a new supercomputer which they predict will put them at the forefront of weather forecasting.
Coming ashore south of Fort Pierce on Saturday. Across the peninsula and exiting into the Gulf of Mexico north of New Port Richey on Sunday.
US military deaths in the Iraq campaign passed the 1,000 mark yesterday, with more than 800 of them during the stubborn insurgency that flared 
Russian television has shown a videotape shot by one of the terrorists of the bloody Beslan siege as it unfolded inside the school #39;s gymnasium.
Intel Corp. President Paul Otellini demonstrated new chips due out next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games as he sought to allay concerns about product delays.
Yahoo Inc. is launching its first public beta of a travel search engine based on its recent acquisition of online travel company FareChase Inc.
Rain-soaked residents of south-western China began digging out today after floods and landslides that killed at least 161 people, while authorities warned of further rains over parts of the disaster area.
AP - Vinny Testaverde is getting ready for his 18th NFL opener, so he definitely knows what to expect. Pregame jitters. And lots of them.
Surfersvillage Global Surf News, 08 September 2004: - - Hurricane Ivan pounded the islands of the southeastern Caribbean yesterday.
Canadian Press - (CP) - More than 20,000 Revenue Canada employees were poised to begin rotating strikes Wednesday after wage talks with the government collapsed.
AP - Dell Inc. says it opened a new support center this week in Xiamen, China, for business customers who buy servers and storage equipment.
Big-time college athletic departments who assert that their teams #39; success leads to increased alumni donations and a better applicant pool have created an  quot;arms 
President Bush was quick to express solidarity with the Russian people last week after the terrorist attack on a Russian school that left more than 330 dead.
Newly updated. This article provides insight into the Metasploit Framework, a very useful tool for the penetration tester. Part two of three.
In a meeting of the cinematic with the scientific, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a returning NASA space probe out of the air before it hits the ground.
Documentaries on the effects on children of the Chernobyl nuclear accident and the Indian Point power plant will be broadcast back-to-back by HBO.
As with so many other businesses, wine stores are turning to computers to help keep track of new varietals and vintages.
This year's Ars Electronica festival in Linz, Austria, chose to explore the next 25 years of media art while including a smattering of its greatest hits.
The main attraction at the Project Rebirth Web site is the time-lapse photography capturing the rebuilding at ground zero.
A theory is gaining traction among frequent travelers that hotels are intentionally blocking their cellphone signals.
Coach Bill Cowher finally confirmed yesterday the Pittsburgh Steelers' worst-kept secret: Duce Staley is in at running back and Jerome Bettis is out again.
Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist, leading the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory over Russia last night at St. Paul.
Russia says it will pay \$10m for information leading to the arrest of two senior Chechen rebel leaders following the Beslan siege.
Former world chess champion Bobby Fischer wins a court order delaying his deportation from Japan.
AFP - Pakistan won the toss and elected to bat first in a one-day tour match against a Cricket Australia Chairman's XI at Perth's Lilac Hill ground here.
BAGHDADGunmen kidnapped two Italian women working for an aid agency and two Iraqis in broad daylight in central Baghdad yesterday.
Reuters - When Joe Gibbs last coached in\the NFL in the 1992 season there were no teams in Jacksonville\or Carolina.
Reuters - Palestinian militants detonated a bomb\Tuesday near an Israeli army base in the central Gaza Strip,\causing several Israeli casualties, Palestinian and Israeli\security sources said.
To beat Serena Williams, it takes an incredible amount of confidence, patience and skill. Tuesday night before an announced crowd of 19,932 at Arthur Ashe Stadium 
And if you don #39;t understand the importance of this week, look closely at the words used by coach Dave Wannstedt and General Manager Rick Spielman on Tuesday.
AP - Rick Ankiel walked off the mound after throwing a scoreless inning and was met with a rousing reception of high-fives and slaps on the back.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Former Ryder Cup-winning European  captain Sam Torrance believes this year's team will benefit  from defending the trophy on American soil next week.
Long before he began defying death as a Hollywood stunt pilot, Salt Lake City native Dan Rudert set his sights on becoming a mortician.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission has recalled a total of nine different models because the printers can short circuit posing a shock hazard to users.
PSA is targeting fitment of its new stop-start technology, officially launched at a press conference in Paris yesterday, of 50,000 units by 2006.
WASHINGTON: Recent archeological evidence studies seems to suggest that the first Americans came from Australia and not Siberia as has been widely believed.
Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is going back to its roots with fresh eyes as a key supplier in the telecommunications marketplace.
Without so much as a groundstroke, Roger Federer jumped directly from the third round to the quarterfinals Monday afternoon, setting up one of the marquee matches of the US Open.
Even in the wake of what many are calling one of the most damaging losses in recent history, Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham is putting a positive spin on things as he prepares for No 
Instead of weighing in to Ryder Cup battle next week, British Open champion Todd Hamilton plans to play a few rounds of golf with his buddies.
Denver -- It #39;s always dangerous to draw conclusions at Coors Field until you see the pitcher and catcher shake hands after the final out.
Video image of hostages sitting below explosives strung from basketball hoops in the gymnasium of a school in Beslan, Russia. Photograph: NTV/AP.
Oil-rich Brunei is gearing up for a royal wedding which will see a guest list of Asian leaders and Middle East royalty but decidedly less bling than previous events.
\The 500th aniversary of the unveiling of Michelangelo's David is celebrated in Florence.
US Vice-President Dick Cheney says a vote for John Kerry would make a terror attack more likely.
Rescuers start evacuating about 30 workers who  were trapped by a fire in a copper mine tunnel in north-western Turkey.
A new survey shows that Ireland's population now totals more than four-million with this rise reflecting immigration stemming from the country's economic boom.
During a day of new beginnings, Florida and its fired coach will each launch the start of fresh chapters today. In the same afternoon, Utah Coach Urban Meyer will meet his 
USATODAY.com - In the calculus of Internet crime, two of the most sought-after commodities are zombie PCs and valid e-mail addresses.
AFP - Global electronics giant Sony will launch its popular projection televisions with large LCD screens in China early next year, a company official said.
AFP - Heads of state from 17 African countries attended the opening of an African Union summit in Burkina Faso to craft a jobs creation plan to lift hundreds of millions out of poverty.
AP - Xavier Beitia is the latest in a line of Florida State kickers to come up short  #151; or more specifically, wide  #151; in the clutch against Miami.
Monitors performance to the sound of &lt;em&gt;Chariots of Fire&lt;/em&gt;
Talking to youngsters in the language of text could increase their access to services.
Bertelsmann, the world's fourth-largest media company, sees profits surge during the first half of 2004, lifted by its music and TV businesses.
The BBC holds talks with Bertelsmann, Walt Disney and Time Warner but denies that the talks focused on the sale of BBC Worldwide.
The Engine Operations Manager explains what challenges Monza will pose the engine team this weekend.
Red Hat Inc. has announced the general release of the third update to its Enterprise Linux operating system, as well as a new partnership with recent Linux convert Unisys Corp.
A new floating mink trap developed in the UK incarcerates the predators while letting other species go free.
The gigantic hangar where the space shuttle is prepared for its missions sustained much more damage from Hurricane Frances than initially believed, NASA officials said Tuesday.
STAR Trek fans will be able to boldly go online to take part in new worldwide multiplayer game. Games company Perpetual Entertainment has secured the exclusive worldwide rights from Viacom Consumer Products 
When Joe Gibbs last coached in the NFL in the 1992 season there were no teams in Jacksonville or Carolina. Much has changed on the sporting landscape since, though with a new season 
Ellis Park in Henderson, Ky., will return to a five-day race week next year amid complaints that six days of racing each week hurt field sizes and turned off bettors.
and if Sven Goran Eriksson selects him against Poland tonight, as I expect he will, the coach will have no excuses if his keeper blows it again.
The Carlsbad golf company said yesterday that it has signed Phil Mickelson, the reigning Masters champ, to a long-term deal to use and endorse its equipment.
Netflix, PalmSource, Research In Motion, TiVo and Vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
High up among the many empty seats at the Xcel Energy Center last night sat a small knot of Russian fans holding a large banner that read Miracle is over.
Any suggestions the Czech Republic lacked the necessary commitment to advance in the World Cup of Hockey were erased yesterday when it stunned an overwhelmed Swedish team in Stockholm.
US warplanes bombarded Fallujah Wednesday as fighting continued intermittently in a Baghdad neighborhood between US forces and Shiite gunmen.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip UN officials say a ten-year-old Palestinian girl is in critical condition after being shot in the head by Israeli forces while sitting in school.
: Japan #39;s coast guard on Wednesday found five more bodies from an Indonesian cargo ship that ran aground during a powerful typhoon, bringing the death toll for the ship to 11.
NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe issued a statement regarding the damage left behind at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the wake of Hurricane Frances.
Italy is again under shock over the kidnapping of two of its aid workers in Iraq, this time young women who were in Baghdad to assist with reconstruction efforts.
The latest in a series of violent storms continues to charge westward through the Caribbean, after making a direct hit on Grenada, knocking over trees and utility poles.
Winds and water wreak havoc on the Kennedy Space Center. The damage could delay space flights scheduled for next spring.
AP - The Dutch brewer Heineken NV reported its profit fell 27 percent due in part to the weaker dollar despite a rise in sales in the first half of the year.
Software giant allows users more time to prepare for XP's security fix.
Linux software maker Red Hat on Tuesday released an update to its enterprise product with security upgrades, support for IBM Power5 servers, new driver support and bug fixes.
Tyrone Willingham, admitting his disappointment with Notre Dame #39;s offense, reiterated Tuesday that the Fighting Irish can turn things around.
Keith Tkachuk had four goals and an assist to lead the United States into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-3 victory last night over Russia in St.
The Long mystery surrounding whether or not linebacker Channing Crowder and safety Jarvis Herring would serve their suspensions now or later has been resolved.
BRUNEI was rolling out the red carpet Tuesday for royals and government leaders attending the grand wedding of the heir to the throne of this oil-rich south-east Asian sultanate.
With his mother living in France, and his father, brothers and grandparents living in Chicago, Tony Parker doesn #39;t get to play in front of his family that often.
Stanford University professor and e-voting activist David Dill said the Diebold case fits with a national pattern that is influencing the adoption of electronic voting before its time.
The company #39;s automatic blocking tool for SP2 will only work until April 2005. After that, Microsoft will push its security update automatically to all XP customers.
It #39;s pushing its Application Server Standard Edition One, a full-sized version of the Standard Edition app server, but priced at \$4,995.
The US mobile-game industry will leap to annual revenue of \$1.8 billion by 2009, according to a new study from market research company In-Stat/MDR.
Computer maker Apple (Quote, Chart) has released a security update to fix more than a dozen flaws in the Jaguar and Panther versions of its flagship Mac operating system.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3 Update 3 limits how much damage a hacker could do. The company said the release is ahead of schedule and not a reaction to any specific threat.
Wireless carrier T-Mobile International AG today confirmed it is carrying out trials of Flarion Technologies Flash OFDM equipment in European air space.
Vijay Singh #39;s long quest for No. 1 finally comes to fruition after he knocks off Tiger Woods on Labor Day at the TPC of Boston.
Andy Reid received a four-year contract extension from the Philadelphia Eagles on Wednesday that will take him through the 2010 season.
East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New York Jets placed veteran cornerback Ray Mickens on injured reserve Wednesday and signed defensive back Terrell Buckley.
AP - The scientist who discovered genetic "fingerprinting" two decades ago said Wednesday that he has some concerns about the use of the technology.
AP - A CT scan of dinosaur bones from northwest Wyoming could help resolve a dispute about the great Tyrannosaurus rex.
 Philadelphia, Pa. (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia  Eagles locked up their most successful head coach in franchise  history Wednesday, signing Andy Reid to a four-year contract  extension.
The potentially faulty machines were sold under the Lexmark, IBM and Dell brands. The company has recalled these products because they could short circuit and potentially give users an electric shock.
US President George Bush pays tribute to US soldiers killed in Iraq as the death toll tops 1,000.
Delta Air Lines is planning to cut 7,000 jobs, or about 10 of its workforce, as the US carrier fights to avoid bankruptcy.
From his very first service game of this US Open, defending champion Andy Roddick announced that he had his throttle on full power and wasn #39;t going to back off.
John Kerry argued today that the president left a trail of broken promises on the path to war and has squandered billions.
The Genesis space capsule, which promised scientists potential clues to the origin of the solar system, crashed to Earth today.
SEOUL - Hyundai Motor Co, South Korea #39;s largest carmaker, said Wednesday it will build a commercial vehicle joint venture in China by 2010.
Although set to remain a niche market, mobile gaming will continue its rise as a generator of wireless data usage and revenue, new research has claimed.
UK High Street retailer Woolworths will this year launch a digital music download service, the company #39;s parent revealed today.
After a spring in which Joe Paterno went from bad cop to really bad cop, the Nittany Lions responded with their finest season-opening performance in five years.
EIGHT bodies were pulled from an underground tunnel in a copper mine in northern Turkey where a massive fire broke out today, local officials said.
Rule might or might not exist. But then it'd be secret
Council claims union 'holding people of Swansea to ransom'
WMM to 'kick start' wireless consumer electronics
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Zen and the art of paper-based sex
A campaign by anti-spam groups has persuaded a large US net service provider to ban spammers using its network.
Squabbling Italian politicians pledged Wednesday to put aside their differences over the Iraq war and work together to free two female aid workers 
AP - Andy Reid received a four-year contract extension from the Philadelphia Eagles on Wednesday that will take him through the 2010 season.
PC World - Chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual-core server processors.
Sven-Goran Eriksson may gamble by playing goalkeeper Paul Robinson and striker Jermain Defoe in Poland.
Sir Clive Woodward has been confirmed as coach of the British Lions #39; tour of New Zealand next year with a special meeting of the Lions committee on Wednesday fully backing his appointment.
India and Pakistan said Wednesday they were considering scaling back thousands of troops from the Siachen Glacier, the world #39;s highest battlefield, and reported other progress 
A German teenager who created the Sasser worm that disrupted computers around the world in May has been charged with computer sabotage, prosecutors said Wednesday.
Documentary filmmaker and host Greg Palmer takes your questions about the PBS documentary, "The Video Game Revolution."
The Genesis sample-return capsule hits the ground at high speed after its drogue parachute fails to open.
Four organisations join forces to create a UK centre for marine renewable energy.
Corporate customers now have until early 2005 to tinker with things before ingesting XP's Service Pack 2.
A 19-year-old school pupil has reportedly confessed to taking ownership of the domain of the eBay Germany Web site.
By 2009, games will account for about 4 percent of all wireless-data revenue in the United States, In-Stat/MDR predicts.
The electronics giant is betting that consumers are ready to spend a couple grand to up the quality of their home movies.
New keyboard and mouse from the company's hardware division include fingerprint readers.
Netflix, PalmSource, Research In Motion, TiVo and Vonage have great products and were first to market, but can they hold their leads?
Chip maker offers few details about its plans for dual-core server processors.
Upcoming chips will lead to relatively inexpensive hardware, company says.
Top seed Roger Federer and two-time champion Andre Agassi hope to meet in the showpiece match at the US Open on Wednesday, but only if Mother Nature co-operates.
Reid, entering his sixth season in Philadelphia, has led the Eagles to three consecutive losses in the NFC championship game. He is in the third year of 
Asian champion Japan overcame a lethargic first half display to outplay India 4-0 in an Asian zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
(Sports Network) - Odalis Perez threw five innings last Thursday against the Diamondbacks before leaving the game with tightness in his biceps.
An Australian software developer has been left fuming after the latest virus definition update from McAfee caused his package to be wrongly identified as a Trojan horse programme.
More round-the-clock centers to provide service and support for business customers are planned for Europe and Japan.
ISP's customers have a new option for obtaining their e-mail on the go.
A capsule carrying solar material from the Genesis space probe has made a crash landing at a US Air Force training facility in the US state of Utah.
AP - Alfred Malone isn't just interested in letting people outside the state know Troy football exists or proving the Trojans can hang in there against a major conference team.
AFP - The United States presented a draft UN resolution that steps up the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible international sanctions against its oil sector.
Andre Miller scores 29 points as the Nuggets sprint to a 115-102 victory over the Orlando Magic on Monday night.
AFP - A huge fire swept through a copper mine in northern Turkey, killing at least 19 workers and injuring a further 17, a local official there said.
Sporting their brand-new No. 1 ranking, Illinois reigns 14 three-pointers on Chicago State as the Illini cruise to a 78-59 triumph on Monday night.
Jason Kidd is credited with an assist on Richard Jefferson's jumper that gave the Nets an 88-86 victory over the Raptors on Monday.
Italian politicians agree to work together to try to secure the release of two women kidnapped in Iraq.
President Bush shifted his stance today on how much power a new national intelligence director should have.
It should be easier for mobile users to discover the amount of radiation generated by their handsets,  a leading expert says.
 NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Some science may have been lost as the Genesis space capsule landed in the Utah desert with a thud. But there might be a glimmer of good news in the failed NASA mission.
Microsoft is giving customers a little more time to test Windows XP Service Pack 2 by extending the time that a download-blocking mechanism will be in effect.
Although Forrester analyst Noel Yuhanna believes Sybase has a firm foothold in its market, the company faces competition from some large players.
Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Houston Astros center fielder Carlos Beltran is listed as day-to-day with a bone bruise on his right elbow.
Armed to the teeth, the kidnappers beat up a hapless guard, dragged a screaming Iraqi hostage by her hair and took off in broad daylight.
Hitachi Data Systems has announced a new enterprise storage lineup to include features such as a virtualisation which allows customers to manage up to 32Petabytes of internal and external storage.
Hundreds of people took to the streets of Beslan on Wednesday to vent anger at Russian President Vladmimir Putin and demand the resignation of regional 
AFP - German prosecutors indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralyzed millions of computers around the world last spring.
Iran is likely to be given an ultimatum to suspend all uranium enrichment activities, top UK officials say.
A space capsule containing NASA #39;s first sample from space in more than 30 years crashed into the Utah desert today after its parachutes failed to open.
Nokia today announced the Nokia 9300, a new high-end smartphone with integrated full keyboard, that replaces its 9290 Communicator.
The new HDS storage platform and software enables extensive virtualization, heterogeneous management and universal storage-agnostic replication, Hitachi said.
Denis Menchov of Russia won the fifth stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Wednesday, while Manuel Beltran of the US Postal Service took the overall lead from teammate Benoit Joachim.
IT employment in the United States rose 2 percent in the first quarter, but the demand for IT workers continues to drop.
The mystery of whether dinosaurs were indifferent parents or cared for their young may have been solved by a discovery in China. More than 100 million years ago an adult dinosaur was buried 
The California Attorney General #39;s office has decided not to pursue criminal charges against McKinney-based Diebold Election Systems Inc.
Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP SP2 from downloading automatically, giving them until mid-April to test the update.
With Florida facing the possibility of its third hurricane in a month, NASA is putting together a backup plan for its message system based on Research in Motion Ltd.
America Online launched on Wednesday the latest version of its instant messaging software, expanding support for sharing pictures and adding several subscription-based features.
Officials at Sybase (Quote, Chart) are jumping on the database giveaway bandwagon with an offering tailored to the Linux community.
New Germany coach Juergen Klinsmann said he was encouraged by his team #39;s brave 1-1 draw with world champions Brazil in a friendly international on Wednesday.
Atlanta Braves: Left-hander Mike Hampton was not able to pitch for the Braves on Wednesday, still bothered by a stiff neck that kept him out of his scheduled start Monday.
Russian cyclist Denis Menchov has won the fifth stage of the Tour of Spain and US Postal service rider Manuel Beltran of Spain has taken the overall lead.
A London-based Chechen rebel representative said Wednesday that Russia #39;s threats to attack terrorists around the world amount to a warning to European countries that Russian forces 
The Bush administration does not plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it succeeds in getting Iran #39;s nuclear program referred 
A huge fire has swept through a copper mine in northern killing at least 19 workers and injuring another 17 according to local officials.
THE HAGUE The ghosts that have long threatened Slobodan Milosevic have finally appeared in court, fundamentally altering the war crimes trial of the former Yugoslav president.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan Wednesday urged further dialogue between India and Pakistan to resolve issues, including the question of Jammu and Kashmir.
A weakening Typhoon Songda lashed northern Japan with high winds and heavy rain on Wednesday after carving a trail of destruction in wide areas, with media reports saying 
Italy wants the rest of the Continent to stiffen border patrols and asylum guidelines.
AP - U.S. troops captured 14 Iraqis, including 10 wanted for making explosive devices to attack coalition forces, the military said Tuesday.
AP - The White House on Wednesday told 15 federal agencies to better share scientific data about the Earth among themselves and with other nations.
Reuters - Microscopic traces of pollen\are increasingly being used by world police forces to track\down both victims and offenders, a British conference heard on\Wednesday.
Nuclear trafficking charges against the owner of a South African engineering plant are dropped.
A tribunal rules for the first time that a prisoner held at Guantanamo Bay should be freed.
SPACE.com - LOGAN, UTAH -- Experts say \  the big news in spacecraft building involves ultra-small CubeSats.
\A new generation of rechargeable lithium batteries could reduce global warming, a leading expert says.
John Kerry said today that because of poor administration planning the war had cost taxpayers \$200 billion.
Kellen Winslow Jr. already had his Hall of Fame father's soft hands. Now he's got his number, too.
LONDON: President General Pervez Musharraf has succeeded in persuading British Prime Minister Tony Blair about the severity of Kashmir and Palestine disputes.
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Blackford confirmed
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; A small, but perfectly formed, flame
\The first human stem cell line with the mutation for cystic fibrosis (CF) has been developed by UK researchers.
Millions of feral cats #151;domestic animals that have become wild #151;are said to be running free throughout the U.S., threatening birds and public health.
Musk has been used in perfume and traditional remedies for 5,000 years. But now the deer that secretes the valuable substance is becoming threatened across its range.
Verden - German prosecutors on Wednesday indicted an 18-year-old student on suspicion of creating the Sasser computer worm that paralysed millions of computers around the world last year.
Azzurri manager Marcelo Lippi has confirmed that Alessandro del Piero is one of five new faces to face Moldova in the World Cup qualifier in Chisinau.
England lifted the pressure off the shoulders of coach Sven-Goran Eriksson on Wednesday after a 2-1 World Cup qualifying victory over Poland.
A former US policy analyst, testifying for the defense at Slobodan Milosevic #39;s war crimes trial Wednesday, said part of the groundwork 
Software602 updates its productivity package, which started as a creation of Czech hobbyists.
The state of California has dropped a criminal investigation into the company that sold it electronic voting machines but instead will join an existing lawsuit charging that the company made 
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has pushed back the deadline for the complete delivery of its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to April 2005.
All-in-one machine at Intel confab bears resemblance to new Apple PC. Also: High-tech sandwich boards?
Chipmaker's multiprocessing technology makes its stage debut, and Intel looks to its next take on Centrino.
Ajay Malhotra was lured to Cadence by the firm's CEO, an Intel alumnus, sources say.
After cancer surgery, the chief executive hits meetings, with plans to return to full-time work later this month.
Spammers are a key adopter of a technology meant, in part, to fight spam.
Flarion Technologies is making its European debut by powering T-Mobile's wireless broadband service in The Hague.
Companies plan tools for improving high-end audio for PCs with Intel inside.
After stumbling in its efforts to diversify, Lenovo is returning to its core PC business, its chairman tells Wharton.
Reuters - The world wants President Bush out\of the White House, according to a poll released on Wednesday\that shows in 30 of 35 countries people preferred Democrat\candidate John Kerry.
Savvis Communications, one of the world's largest ISPs, said it is terminating service to about 40 of its customers who have been using its networks for spamming purposes.
Richard Jefferson, who scored 26 points, hit a jumper with seven seconds left Monday to give the New Jersey Nets an 88-86 win over the Toronto Raptors.
The company is releasing its new ASE Express Edition for free in hopes of attracting customers who will later upgrade to Sybase's ASE Small Business Edition.
AP - The New York Knicks signed center Bruno Sundov on Wednesday.
AP - Spend time online and odds are you'll have to type a username and password to check your e-mail, access your bank account or read a newspaper story.
AP - Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
Despite a 2 increase in IT employment early in the year, IT job growth for the rest of 2004 is expected to be slow, according to the Information Technology Association of America.
Vijay Singh is not satisfied. After dominating the PGA Tour this year the way Tiger Woods used to do it, the Fiji native wants more.
Wall Street executives today outlined a number of security and business continuity efforts they have undertaken since Sept. 11, 2001, to withstand future terrorist attacks.
Cisco Systems CEO John Chambers said today that his company plans to offer twice as many new products this year as ever before.
Intel Corp. yesterday offered a few more details about its plans for enterprise server processors but was silent on its plans for an upcoming dual-core Xeon processor.
Nokia said on Tuesday that it plans to enhance its Series 80 line so that the mobile devices come preloaded with BlackBerry software from Research In Motion.
Robbie Savage claimed the first red card of his life was an absolute joke after the dramatic World Cup clash with Northern Ireland in Cardiff.
Scotland #39;s World Cup qualification campaign began disappointingly as they were held to a goalless Hampden Park draw by Slovenia.
The Florida Marlins signed free-agent pitcher David Weathers on Wednesday in an attempt to strengthen their bullpen for a run at the National League wild card.
Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - When the United States meets Belarus in their Davis Cup semifinal later this month, former world No.
Company outlines plans for Yonah notebook processor, demonstrates desktop chip.
People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful\congressional panel today.\
The European Union says it will to redouble its efforts to avert an epidemic of HIV/Aids across Europe.
Stunned British and American scientists watched a seven-year dream fall to Earth yesterday at 150mph, potentially smashing the fruits of a \$250m mission.
People who illegally share copyrighted music and movies over the Internet could be jailed for up to five years under a bill approved by a powerful congressional panel today.
Heavy rain threatened to wash out day 10 of the US Open on Wednesday, although tournament officials were still hopeful of some play later.
This is the horror captured on video of the more than 1000 hostages inside the Russian school before it was turned into a bloodbath last week.
The hopes of either Wales or Northern Ireland enjoying a German excursion in the summer of 2006 were dealt another blow on an extraordinary night in the Millennium Stadium.
WASHINGTON: US Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday that the Kashmir issue was complicated and would take time to resolve.
AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair reshuffled his cabinet, bringing back a key ally to lead Labour's campaigning ahead of a general election, expected in Spring 2005.
AP - Details of new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, that began airing Wednesday.
Microsoft this week updated an administrative tool for delaying Automatic Update and Windows Update rollouts of Windows XP Service Pack 2 from four months to eight months.
Web hosting and connectivity company Savvis Communications on Wednesday confirmed that it has canceled about 40 accounts from businesses that were earmarked as spammers.
AP - Republican House leaders expressed confidence Wednesday that they will be able to extend three popular tax cuts that are set to expire at the end of this year.
AP - Pro Bowl linebacker Keith Brooking hopes to play in the Atlanta Falcons' season opener, even though a sore hamstring kept him from practicing Wednesday.
Reuters - Secretary of State Colin Powell is\leaning toward a determination that the violence in the western\Sudan region of Darfur constitutes genocide, Bush\administration officials said on Wednesday.
AFP - The UN Security Council was to discuss a new US draft resolution aimed at tightening the pressure on Sudan over the crisis in Darfur, including possible sanctions on its oil sector.
AP - Hurricane Frances is still messing up the major league baseball schedule.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened slightly lower Thursday following Wall Street's losses. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
If you own a Dell, Lexmark, or IBM laser printer there is a recall you need to know about. The printers could short-circuit and cause an electric shock.
Microsoft rolled out an updated line of input devices, including its first fingerprint-recognition products. A mouse and keyboard with built-in fingerprint readers, along with a stand-alone reader 
8 Sep 2004, 18:44 GMT - Hitachi this week laid a unique bet on storage virtualization with the launch of the latest version of its flagship Lightning disk array.
Global electronics giant Sony will launch its popular projection televisions with large LCD screens in China early next year, a company official said on Wednesday.
Baltimore, MD -- Johan Santana fired seven shutout innings as Minnesota won the rubber match of a three-game series with Baltimore, 9-0 at Camden Yards.
Thanks to the controversial Super Bowl halftime show seven months ago, the NFL #39;s preseason kickoff show tonight will be live for everyone but television viewers.
Mobile Carrier T-Mobile is testing Flarion Technologies #39; Flash-OFDM mobile broadband technology in The Hague, the Netherlands.
com. Spammers are trying to make their junk mail look more legit by adopting the same technologies intended to stem their message tsunamis, said a filtering firm Wednesday.
ISLAMABAD: Azad Jammu and Kashmir leaders feel that there has been an ideological shift in Pakistans Kashmir policy because Pakistan is involved in dialogue with India without a 
Hong Kong voters go to the polls Sunday to elect legislators with limited powers, in balloting that may test the strength of the city #39;s pro-democracy movement.
The death toll from Typhoon Songda rose to 31 Wednesday, with at least 14 people still missing and more than 900 injured mainly in Hokkaido and western Japan.
Britain last night gave Iran two months to come clean about its nuclear programme and halt work on enrichment of uranium or face a demand for United Nations sanctions.
A parachute failed to open as NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule plunged back to Earth on Wednesday, causing it to take a tragic tumble from the heavens that buried it in the desert 
The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
Spammers have adopted a new standard for email authentication much faster than legitimate emailers, according to a study from security appliance firm CipherTrust published this week.
The Football Association has revealed England #39;s players refused to talk to the media after their win in Poland in protest at criticism aimed at them.
Slobodan Milosevic refused to work with two court-appointed lawyers yesterday as they called the first witness in his war crimes defence case.
NASA #39;s \$264 million Genesis mission came to a sudden and violent end on Wednesday morning, when a capsule returning with samples of the Sun slammed into 
or the first time in his career, Vijay Singh will enter a golf tournament as the No. 1 player in the world. That status will not change his approach, however.
Captain Patrick McEnroe announced Wednesday that Andy Roddick would be on the US Davis Cup team when it competes in the semifinals this month.
AP - Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
AP - Dee Brown will have to wait another day to face the Detroit Tigers.
AP - A daring plan to have helicopters snag a space capsule as it plunged toward Earth went awry Wednesday when its parachutes failed to open and it slammed into the desert floor.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver Jerry Rice became the most prolific offensive player in NFL history on Monday night.
The weather played havoc with the U.S. Open schedule Wednesday, but it did not affect Lindsay Davenport, who rolled to a quarterfinal victory over Shinobu Asagoe.
For the first time in his career, Vijay Singh will enter a tournament as the No. 1 player in the world golf ranking. That status will not change his approach, however.
Muttiah Muralitharan says he was ignored for the ICC's World Test  XI because of his bowling action.
The roster of the dead in Iraq is a portrait of a military in transition, with ever-widening roles and costs for the country's part-time soldiers, women and Hispanics.
Despite popular support, the federal law banning the sale of 19 kinds of semiautomatic assault weapons is almost certain to expire on Monday.
Lebanon, once a byword for terrorism, has turned into the destination of choice for wealthy families from the Mideast.
England lifts the pressure off Coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a 2-1 win at Poland in a World Cup qualifier Wednesday night, while Italy and France also get victories.
NEW YORK - Lindsay Davenport is two victories from a second U.S. Open title and the No...
Wikipedia has surprised Web watchers by growing fast and maturing into one of the most popular reference sites.
Nonprofit group September's Mission set out to create an archival spot in cyberspace for mourners and scholars of the attacks.
Ireland #39;s fine start to the World Cup qualification endures. Four points from two matches provide strong foundations, though the performance here might have yielded less.
Public opinion of the database giant sinks to 12-year low, a new report indicates.
Company is still fiddling with its "trusted" PC security technology but says some version of it will be in new Windows.
Motorola plans to bring a compromise offer to a Berlin meeting to break a standards stalemate.
Panasonic's new DVD recorder has a massive hard drive and can be programmed using a cell phone.
A text-messaging service is put into action to choreograph fast-moving political protests.
A versatile portable device can play a role in tests, note-taking and homework, and even act as a blackboard.
Missing a key piece to your favorite board game? The Web's abundance of board game sites might help.
IS there anyone more stylish in New York than GIMM MUR SCHWG, the chain-smoking fashion editor of Boldface Names?.
Electronic devices are starting to come equipped with a short-range, high-speed wireless radio technology known as ultrawideband.
Reuters - Millions of drivers use traffic lights and jams as the perfect opportunity to pick up a\hot date and sometimes even a marriage partner, according to a survey today.
The US presents a new draft UN resolution to put pressure on Sudan to resolve the conflict in the Darfur region.
The increasing power of cellphones is fast shaping innovative forms of compact culture: micro-lit, phone soap operas and made-for-mobile dramas.
Launched in 2001, Genesis spent more than two years gathering samples of solar wind -- which normally doesn #39;t reach Earth #39;s surface.
Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled nine new mice and keyboards, including the company #39;s first hardware products with fingerprint-recognition technology.
sharing, which record companies blame for playing a part in a \$2 billion dollar decline in yearly CD sales since 2000. The House Judiciary Committee.
Whether or not there is a  quot;Wimbledon conspiracy quot; as Serena Williams charged after her controversial loss to Jennifer Capriati at the US Open Tuesday night 
If getting to the Super Bowl is half the fun, getting back is nearly impossible. No team over the last five seasons has gone to the NFL championship game in consecutive seasons, and 
Many sellers and a few longtime analysts of eBay say the company is generating fewer of the bidding frenzies that once translated into profits.
Class has been transformed by technology and consumers who are as well informed as they are impatient.
Scientists are beginning efforts to retrieve solar atoms from the crashed Genesis space capsule, a day after it plunged to earth and slammed into the Utah desert.
MICROSOFT has unveiled a new range of peripherals that include the company #39;s first foray into biometric identification on the desktop.
The discovery suggests that the care that crocodiles, birds, and other modern descendents of archosaurs give to their young may be an ancestral characteristic.
The scientist who discovered genetic  quot;fingerprinting quot; 20 years ago said yesterday that he has some worries about the use of the technology.
MANY inexpensive DVD recorders will do a fine job as a replacement for your VCR when it comes to time-shifting television programs.
The basic technology is called voice-over-IP and it is referred to as VOIP. Free! Sign up here to receive our SiteWatcher e-Newsletter!
Anybody? Someone stand up. Well, since the Tiger Woods of the late 90s is absent, the number one golfer in the world is...Vijay Singh?
Canada now meet the Czech Republic on Saturday for a place in Tuesday #39;s final while defending champions the United States face-off against Finland on Friday.
Fast bowler Brett Lee was recalled to Australia #39;s squad and legspinner Stuart MacGill was dropped for next month #39;s four-test tour of India.
HOUSTON -- With two World Series rings and plenty of postseason experience over his 21-year career, Roger Clemens knows a lot about winning.
The most powerful hurricane to hit the Caribbean in nearly a decade killed at least 15 people including a Canadian, damaged 90 per cent of its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving 
Indonesia #39;s financial markets have reacted with shock to an explosion at the Australia embassy, with both shares and the currency sliding.
ROME : A top Italian official leaves for the Middle East to seek the help of Arab countries to secure the release of two female Italian aid workers taken hostage in Iraq.
A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
South Korea acknowledged today that it conducted a plutonium-based nuclear experiment more than 20 years ago, shortly after it admitted to scientific tests involving uranium.
For the first time since 1998 neither Venus nor Serena Williams will end the year with a grand slam singles title in her possession.
Deep in the heart of every hockey fan lurks the fluke-flamed fear that something bizarre, something truly against all reason, could snatch victory in its cruel jaws.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard is sending bomb experts to Jakarta with Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Thursday night. That follows a powerful blast near the Australian 
An Israeli helicopter fired a missile early Thursday at a group of militants in northern Gaza during an army operation there, wounding at least one person, witnesses and hospital officials said.
US warplanes have bombed houses in the Iraqi city of Falluja for a third successive night, killing at least eight people, four of them children, doctors and residents say.
AP - U.S. and Iraqi security forces launched attacks Thursday to flush out insurgents in northern Iraq, the military and Iraqi officials said.
Reuters - Perhaps it didn't take a\scientific study, but Forrester Research has determined that\folks love their digital video recorders (DVR) and hate\commercials.
The Yankees would like to void Jason Giambi's contract, but they continue to face serious roadblocks.
Ziff Davis - Apple claims most users are protected from the worst dangers of the flaws, many of which originate in the OS' open-source components.
Reuters - Genetically modified fish may one day be\used to produce human proteins to treat illnesses such as lung\disease, liver problems and even some cancers.
Heavy rain wiped out a doubleheader between the Yankees and the Devil Rays on Wednesday. Another doubleheader is scheduled for Thursday, as is more rain.
At least six have been killed after a huge explosion outside Australia's embassy in the Indonesian capital.
The Cabinet meets on Thursday after a reshuffle of Tony Blair's top team which sees Alan Milburn returning.
The spotlight will shine on Jamal Lewis this weekend when the Ravens open their season in Cleveland against the team Lewis has historically dominated.
Maryland defensive ends Shawne Merriman's goal is to be considered the best nationally by season's end.
Pedro Martinez pitches six innings of two-hit ball, and the Boston Red Sox complete a three-game sweep of the Athletics with an 8-3 win.
Roger Clemens got his 326th win and the Astros beat the Reds, 5-2, to move into the NL wild-card lead with their 12th straight win.
Jason Kidd, who underwent off-season knee surgery, made his long-awaited season debut for the Nets on Monday night and turned in an impressive effort.
Lauren Jackson returns from a three-game absence to score 15 points, helping Seattle get an 86-67 victory over the Shock.
The big question is how fourth-ranked Cal won at Southern Mississippi but lost its Rose Bowl spot to Texas, which did not play Saturday.
The Mike Mularkey era in Buffalo began with an 0-4 record. But eight weeks and six victories later, the Bills suddenly find themselves in the playoff hunt.
Upgrade to high-performance server will include AMD's dual-core chip.
The company's latest digital camera includes advanced video features.
NASA's \$264 million Genesis mission came to a sudden and violent end on Wednesday morning, when a capsule returning with samples of the Sun slammed into the desert.
Scientists believe that they have reconstructed the pivotal event that created the one-celled organism from which all animals and plants are descended.
Japan's typhoon record was broken with a bang this week as battering winds and mountainous waves overturned ocean-going freighters.
It can be safely guessed that Stuart Pivar, a scientist and art collector, has more than 300 objects in his duplex apartment.
Newmont Mining Corporation, the world's biggest gold producer, has been trailed by allegations of pollution.
Yesterday's technology designs are becoming popular among those in their teens and 20's eager to usher back a time they experienced only barely, if at all.
High-speed connections and software improvements are giving rise to subscription services for music, movies, sports events and talk radio to PC's.
9. (Guardian News Service):The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
The erosion of some of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s status showed recently when his supporters gathered outside his office here.
Intel plans to increase focus on WiMax connectivity and multicore processing, two innovations that the chipmaker believes will drive future industry growth.
RYDER CUP skipper Bernhard Langer last night claimed Luke Donald #39;s European Masters win proved how valuable he will be when they face the mighty Americans next weekend.
Nobody inside golf thinks Tiger Woods is the best player in the world anymore. Or the second best. Or perhaps even third. But now that truth is painfully official.
Pedro Martnez hardly had to outpitch Tim Hudson. Hudson, Oakland #39;s All-Star right-hander, staked Boston to a huge lead himself.
First came concerns about the adjustments Shawn Chacon had to make in becoming the closer for the Colorado Rockies. Then came worries about the problems of the Rockies 
JERUSALEM - Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said Thursday that Israel had never been closer to expelling veteran Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat from his West Bank headquarters.
A NASA spacecraft carrying solar particles that were captured a million miles from Earth slammed into the Utah desert yesterday and cracked open after its parachutes 
Austin-based Metrowerks Corp. has sold one of its development lines to Finland #39;s Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK) for an undisclosed amount.
Season openers like tonights dont get much more exciting than this. The NFL schedule-makers knew what they were doing when they sent 
For the second consecutive road game, the United States got a late goal from a second-half substitute to gain a tie in World Cup qualifying.
Sue Bird led Seattle with 23 points and Lauren Jackson returned from a three-game absence to score 15, helping the Storm snap a three-game losing streak.
Pakistan has eulogized a recent Pak-Indian joint statement for pushing forward the peace process between the two arch-rivals. The Nation newspaper Thursday quoted Masood Khan 
THE Information Technology Association of America (ITAA) says the government #39;s  #39;Get It Right #39; policy in regards to IT contracts is total nonsense.
SUBANG JAYA: IBM (www.ibm.com) has released the beta version of its latest enterprise-grade integration software to Malaysian customers.
Maybe it was The Trade. Maybe it was The Fight. Maybe it was just the inevitable byproduct of a supremely talented team finding its groove.
After the United States advanced to the World Cup of Hockey semifinals Tuesday night, some of the players already started talking about facing Finland.
Last fall, the Blaster Internet worm slammed into Cable Bahamas like a digital hurricane, clogging Web connections for the tiny Internet service provider #39;s 22,000 subscribers.
California Attorney General Bill Lockyer announced Tuesday that his office will join a pair of independent plaintiffs in a false claims lawsuit against Diebold Election Systems, the company supplying 
England got strikes from sparkling debut starter Jermain Defoe and Michael Owen to defeat Poland in a Uefa World Cup qualifier in Chorzow.
Palestinian gunmen have confronted a column of Israeli armoured vehicles in the Gaza Strip, sparking a fierce firefight which has left at least one dead and five wounded.
Dozens of Muslim girls have been disobeying the French government #39;s recent ban on wearing headscarves in public schools since the school year began last week.
Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships launched air strikes on the South Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, killing dozens of people on Thursday, a witness said.
Mario Lemieux has been saying for days that he isn #39;t worried about failing to score a goal in the World Cup. Same with the many teammates who have insisted 
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.
\Pakistani jets bomb suspected militants gathering close to the Afghan border, military officials say.
An ex-Nazi commander accused of  massacres in Slovakia goes on trial in Munich.
The alleged writer of the disruptive Sasser virus has been formally charged by German prosecutors.
Roger Federer leads Andre Agassi two sets to one before rain interrupts their US Open quarter-final.
A bill to regulate South Africa's 200,000 traditional healers is to be debated in parliament.
Deal masks an interest in controversial digital content distribution patents?
A German teenager who created the Sasser worm that disrupted computers around the world in May has been charged with computer sabotage, a crime carrying a maximum five-year jail term.
Rain played havoc with the schedule makers at the US Open yesterday. After eight days of ideal weather, rain forced significant revisions in the schedule, scuttling the day 
At least 50 people were killed and several injured when Pakistan #39;s fighter planes bombed hideouts of Al-Qaida militants today in the tribal region close to the Afghanistan border.
TechWeb - Apple Computer Inc. has released a patch for 15 Mac OS X flaws, many of them originating from the operating system's open-source components.
TechWeb - Merrill Lynch's On-Demand Index shows a slight increase in subscription and hosted software in the second quarter.
Children in smoggy areas have retarded lung development which puts them at risk of diseases, say researchers.
Jarome Iginla had two goals and an assist to lead Canada into the World Cup of Hockey semifinals with a 5-0 victory over Slovakia last night.
Vijay Singh's gift bag was without question stuffed more than anyone else's when he left TPC Boston in Norton following Monday's final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship.
German prosecutors have laid charges of computer sabotage, data manipulation and disruption of public systems against student Sven Jaschan who has admitted writing the Windows worm.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has come out in full support of his players #39; boycott of the media after the 2-1 victory over Poland.
Pakistani jets on Thursday pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
IBM on September 17 will ship the first major upgrade to its DB2 Universal Database data management platform in nearly two years, focusing on functional automation, advanced clustering and Web services deployment.
The agreement will allow passage of a bill to enact the major recommendations of the independent Sept. 11 commission.
Public bodies are ill-prepared for the Freedom of Information Act, says a group of MPs.
A legal battle could be brewing after the City Council enacted a new policy that bars adults from unrestricted Internet access to pornography on Phoenix library computers.
IBM plans to announce today that it is getting into a fast-growing segment of the data storage industry that #39;s currently dominated by Hewlett-Packard.
Newborn babies with brain damage could one day be treated by stem cell therapy using cells taken from their bone marrow, scientists say.
Windows XP users have until early next year to update business systems and applications before the operating system #39;s Service Pack (SP) 2 is fully unleashed.
Sep 09 - The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA finger printing.
Frenchman Olivier Panis has announced his retirement from racing in Formula One, although he will continue as a test driver with Toyota.
A powerful car bomb exploded outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least eight people in the vicinity and wounding more than 130, witnesses and officials said.
At least 50 Islamic militants, most of them foreigners, were killed by Pakistani forces on Thursday in the South Waziristan tribal region near the Afghan border, a military spokesman said.
The death toll from flooding and landslides in mountainous southwestern China rose to 177 on Thursday, as authorities warned beleaguered residents to brace for fresh storms.
A member of Izel Dein al Qassam, armed wing of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas), was killed by Israeli soldiers in northern Gaza Strip on Thursday.
Science fiction and fantasy fans gather to celebrate their favorite genre and hand out Hugo Awards, which some writers have been able to convert into wider exposure. Mark Baard reports from Boston.
Including snippets of another artist's song in your work -- a popular rapper technique known as 'sampling' -- may violate copyright law, an appeals court rules.
AFP - South Korea admitted that its scientists extracted a small amount of plutonium, a key ingredient for making nuclear bombs, in secret research in the early 1980s.
 ABUJA (Reuters) - Darfur rebels said on Thursday that peace  talks with the Sudan government had reached a stalemate and  were on the verge of collapse.
Toyota's Olivier Panis will retire from Formula One at the end of the 2004 season.
A smart bandage studded with sensors could help people with diabetes maintain good health.
Two in a row was just too much for the Earthquakes, without the likes of forwards Brian Ching, Landon Donovan, Dwayne De Rosario and goalkeeper Pat Onstad.
AP - Johan Santana had an early lead and was well on his way to his 10th straight win when the rain started to fall.
AP - Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Tim Bowens will miss Sunday's opener against Tennessee because of a back injury.
The Patriots know firsthand how hard it is to repeat. They have studied why they finished 9-7 and out of the playoffs in 2002 after winning their first Super Bowl.
On Tuesday of this week the Intel Developer Forum (IDF) got off to a great start after Paul Otellini took the stage and officially kicked off the Fall 2004 forum.
In a bid to expand the customer base for its database software, Sybase this week released a free, limited version of its software for deployment on Linux systems.
The scientist who pioneered DNA fingerprinting has warned of the increasing danger of false positives as the use of the technique becomes more widespread.
Microsoft has doubled the period of time it will allow business users of Windows XP to delay installing Service Pack 2. Customers who wished to avoid having systems updated while they were testing the upgrade 
Panasonic aims to be the first consumer electronics manufacturer to release a high-end DVD recorder that offers network connectivity.
IBM next week will release a major revision of its DB2 database, providing fresh ammunition in the ongoing battle for supremacy in the database marketplace.
Prosecutors in Verden, Germany, indicted an 18-year-old student on Wednesday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide 
Savvis, the big corporate-focused US ISP, has promised to remove spammers from its books following pressure from anti-spam group Spamhaus.
NEW YORK Since two days before the US Open began, when Serena Williams wore a jean miniskirt for an exhibition match, she has been the talk of the tournament.
Canada has advanced to the semifinals of the World Cup of ice Hockey with a 5-0 victory over Slovakia. Jarome Iginla had two goals and an assist Wednesday in Toronto.
Northern Ireland midfielder Michael Hughes today insisted his challenge on Robbie Savage merited only a booking, not a red card. Hughes is due to miss the next World Cup qualifier against 
A powerful car bomb has exploded outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, killing at least eight people and wounding more than 130 in an attack 
A top Russian general yesterday warned the military will strike  quot;terrorist bases in any region of the world, quot; while authorities offered a reward equivalent to \$13.
Anthony Mundine #39;s hopes of another shot at the WBA world super middleweight title have been boosted after he won his first bout since losing the title.
IBM is launching the next version of its DB2 Universal Database, code-named Stinger, touting new autonomic features and .NET developer tools.
England has eased the pressure on national football coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a 2-1 win over Poland in a European qualifying match for the 2006 World Cup in Germany.
Four is his number! The Belgian driver finished 4th in both his races and still stands 4th in the drivers championship. Will 3 be his lucky number in the next round?
Tight security is in place in the Afghan capital Kabul as Hamid Karzai prepares to be sworn in as president.
IBM later this month will begin shipping the second generation of its two-way server powered by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s 64-bit Opteron processor.
A British Army helicopter crashed in the Czech Republic during a military exercise, Czech Army spokeswoman Sabina Introvicova said.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Kong Quan said here Thursday that four Chinese company staff were injured in a car bomb explosion which happened outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta Thursday morning.
Pakistani jets killed 50 people as they pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants today in tribal South Waziristan, senior intelligence and military officials said.
New York -- On a rainy Wednesday at the US Open, Serena Williams got a phone call from Arlen Kantarian, chief executive of the United States Tennis Association.
David Healy #39;s dad Clifford said that he could not believe it when he saw his son sent off for his celebrations during the 2-2 draw with Wales.
Six British soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in the Czech Republic, a Czech Defence Ministry spokesman says. Andrej Cirtek said the soldiers had been participating in a Czech 
India is to build a pipeline into Nepal to ensure smooth supply of petroleum products in the Himalayan nation torn by an increasingly violent Maoist insurgency, an oil official said on Thursday.
IBM on Thursday unveiled its second Advanced Micro Devices Opteron-based server, which the company hopes is ready for when AMD releases its dual-core processors.
Intel has showcased the next two generations of its notebook platforms, and revealed how it intends to extend battery life in the future.
Sybase Inc. is trying to lure businesses seeking low-cost open source DBMS alternatives by offering a free production license for its Adaptive Server Enterprise Express Edition on Linux.
PC World - Online store will continue to offer certain songs at low prices, company says.
Ziff Davis - Researchers claim attackers can exploit security vulnerabilities in components used to view graphics and handle archives to take over a Linux system.
AP - Charles Darwin's evolution theory is out of Serb schools. The Bible is in.
AP - Scientists have found two separate breeding pairs of palila nearly a year after the endangered birds were reintroduced to the northern slopes of Mauna Kea.
AP - Thousands of croakers have washed ashore at beaches in recent days, the latest mass deaths of the popular sport and food fish.
 WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani jet fighters and  helicopter gunships pounded a suspected terrorist training camp  near the Afghan border on Thursday, killing at least 50 mostly  foreign militants.
Genesis mission specialists are to begin the task of examining the remains of their capsule that crashed in the Utah desert.
Thousands of Argentines protest over the failure to find those who bombed a Jewish centre in 1994.
Russia announces a new security structure for the North Caucasus to prevent Beslan-style terror attacks.
Parents of children with attention deficit  hyperactive disorder (ADHD), often show signs of the condition themselves, research has suggested.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen lower at the open Thursday as traders get a handle on Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony Wednesday...
AP - Former president Bill Clinton on Monday helped launch a new Internet search company backed by the Chinese government which says its technology uses artificial intelligence to produce better results than Google Inc.
Pakistani jets pounded a suspected training facility for foreign militants in a two-hour barrage Thursday in tribal South Waziristan, killing 50 people, senior intelligence and military officials said.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Too many systems, too many operators
Something of a curate's egg of a lash out, this...
'Microsoft gave us this stuff, but we haven't checked it'
Web users can vote for the best and worst of the net in the Future UK Internet awards.
Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
Political couch potatoes who can't get enough of the impending presidential election will find endless fun with "The Political Machine."
Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig says he would accept government help if the players union doesn #39;t accept rules changes.
The European Commission says it has approved a genetically-modified seed for planting.
Two amateur explorers prepare to fly out to Indonesia in the hope of proving the existence of the "jungle yeti".
UK scientists say pollen enabled them to help to convict people in Bosnia on charges of genocide.
Black swans clash with their white rivals in a battle over a Lincoln in lake.
Scientists have obtained their best measurement yet of the size and contents of a neutron star, an ultra-dense object containing the strangest and rarest matter in the Universe.
Stinger update of DB2 will focus on automatic administration and an improvement in clustered performance.
The next version of Windows will let companies block access to iPods and other tiny storage devices, News.com has learned.\
NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity found evidence for a lake or sea on Mars, and new research suggests the body of water was deep, large and long-lasting.
Charles Darwin #39;s evolution theory is out of Serb schools. The Bible is in. The education minister #39;s decision this week to drop the evolution 
9 September 2004 -- Russian police in St. Petersburg said today they found explosives, detonators, and a gun in a cinema which was closed for renovation.
Microsoft Corp. next month will release Virtual Server 2005, its first foray into server virtualization and a key element of the broad management platform the company is creating for Windows.
Online store will continue to offer certain songs at low prices, company says.
Device offers remote programming, features a whopping 400GB of storage.
Company hopes to attract users who will later upgrade to its small business software.
AFP - Iran and South Korea have signed a 40 million dollar deal for the provision of 100,000 broadband Internet lines to the Islamic republic.
AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said its results for third quarter would be better than earlier forecast due to higher-than-expected handset sales.
AP - Heralded Tennessee freshman Candace Parker underwent knee surgery and could miss the upcoming women's college basketball season.
Reuters - British scientists are developing a\robot that will generate its own power by eating flies.
A network of more than 10,000 zombie PCs has been dismantled after security staff at Norwegian telco Telenor located and shutdown its controlling server.
Michael Schumacher wants to celebrate his world championship in style, while the Renault F1 Team is looking to strengthen its championship advantage.
The glamour match of the US Open so far, two-time champion Andre Agassi vs. No. 1 Roger Federer, was suspended because of showers on Wednesday.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. - Heralded Tennessee freshman Candace Parker underwent knee surgery and could miss the upcoming women #39;s college basketball season.
AC Milan begin their Serie A campaign at home to newly-promoted Livorno on Saturday evening under the weight of great expectation.
Lost in Notre Dame #39;s disappointing 20-17 loss to Brigham Young last week was the surprise start of sophomore Tom Zbikowski at strong safety.
Nepali Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba held talks with his Indian counterpart on Thursday to try to secure more help to crush an increasingly deadly Maoist revolt in the poor Himalayan nation.
N the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling, they #39;ve created consumer cults. You know, Mac heads.
Thomas Levet says he would be willing to be left out of the foursomes and fourballs at the Ryder Cup as long as the European team wins.
Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify on the situation in Darfur. Let me start by reviewing a little history.
Company goes head-to-head with MySQL and PostgreSQL with a free version of its ASE database for Linux.
Scientists with the US space agency NASA have begun investigating the crash landing Wednesday of the Genesis space capsule in Utah.
PC World - New server is designed to run AMD's upcoming Opteron chips.
AP - A Wisconsin auto dealer can continue airing car ads even though its founder and namesake is running for the Senate, election officials said Thursday.
The EU enlargement commissioner says  Turkey's plans to make adultery a crime could affect its chances of joining the EU.
FOXBORO, Mass. - Forget last season's win over Indianapolis in the AFC championship game...
New virtual-machine technology can be used to test software patches and migrate aging Windows NT applications. By John Foley, Paula Rooney, CRN.
AP - Boxing great Muhammad Ali asked Congress on Thursday to create a U.S. Boxing Commission, saying oversight by the federal government is needed to protect boxers from exploitation and injury.
Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in\rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling\further behind other countries.
AFP - A delegation of producers from the prestigious French wine-growing region of Bordeaux launched a major campaign try to convince Danes to start drinking their wines again.
The Cassini spacecraft has detected two and possibly three new additions to the already full environment of Saturn, and scientists are puzzled over what they #39;ve seen.
AP - The Miami Dolphins' opening game against the Tennessee Titans will be played Saturday instead of Sunday because of approaching Hurricane Ivan.
WASHINGTON -- With an eye on peer-to-peer networks, the US House Judiciary Committee approved legislation Wednesday criminalizing some acts of copyright infringement.
Intel #39;s chief technologist called for an overlay network to be applied to the Internet infrastructure to allow new protocols and services to be enabled.
The scientist who invented DNA fingerprinting two decades ago has warned that the huge expansion of the British national database, which now contains details of 2.5 million criminals, could 
According to New Scientist.com, Scientists at the University of West England have designed an autonomous robot which generates its own energy by eating flies.
German prosecutors say a teenager has confessed to creating the virulent Sasser computer virus. Authorities say Sven Jaschan is believed also to be responsible for the Netsky virus.
Juergen Klinsmann took some risks in his home debut as Germany coach and they paid off in a 1-1 draw Wednesday with five-time World Cup champion Brazil.
Jaromir Jagr sat out practice Thursday but hopes to be ready when the Czech Republic plays Canada in the World Cup of Hockey semifinals.
AP - Tim Hudson hopes being swept by Boston will serve as a wakeup call for the Oakland Athletics.
Jakarta, Indonesia -- A powerful bomb exploded near the Australian Embassy in Jakarta early today, killing at least three people and wounding 50, witnesses and officials said.
South Africa has arrested two men in an investigation into alleged trafficking of equipment used to build nuclear weapons. Authorities say Daniel Geiges and Gerhard Wisser are charged with illegally importing 
When the British ruled Hong Kong, as pro-Beijing politicians are fond of pointing out, the territory #39;s people had no direct influence over the way they were governed.
AP - Center Vernon Fiddler re-signed with the Nashville Predators on Thursday after playing most of last season with the team's AHL club.
Ziff Davis - The first fruits of IBM and Brazil's partnership is a new technology center that will provide open-source software educational support.
NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has released what it says is the first software that automatically self-manages and self-tunes databases containing key business information without human intervention.
NewsFactor - Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL) has released a patch for its Macintosh OS X operating system that fixes 15 security problems in the software.
AP - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
Yahoo began testing a new travel search engine Tuesday night that can be used to book flights, hotels and cars from more than 50 travel sites.
Reuters - Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov insisted\on Thursday Russia still intended to approve the Kyoto pact on\climate change, despite official papers showing the government\was turning against it.
Six British armed forces personnel are feared dead after a helicopter crashed while on exercises in the Czech Republic. Reports suggest that a British Army Air Corps Lynx helicopter crashed near Brno in the 
China #39;s Sichuan province faced the threat of epidemics yesterday after the worst flooding in a century killed at least 172 people and 
Virtualization will get another lift next week when Microsoft (Quote, Chart) rolls out its Virtual Server 2005, a product geared to help companies efficiently pool computing resources.
French Formula One driver Olivier Panis says that he will retire from the Grand Prix circuit at the end of this season but will stay with the Toyota team as an advisor.
#NAME?
Now that Frances has moved through the state of Florida - and another storm is not scheduled to hit the United States until next week - anticipation is building for the Florida State-Miami game.
THE Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta which killed at least nine people was an indication al-Qaeda linked militants in Indonesia were regrouping, Indonesian police said today.
FAZ Weekly. Iraqi President Ghazi Yawer made all of the important political stops in Berlin on Thursday, seeing the German president, the development minister and finally the chancellor.
\Australia says it will not be cowed by terrorism, after a bomb at its embassy in Indonesia kills nine people.
The first convoy of food for Sudanese refugees arrives in Chad from Libya, crossing the Sahara Desert.
RealNetworks says it increased its share of the online music market after halving the price of tunes.
U.S. forces entered Samarra to re-assert Iraqi government authority, bombed a building in Falluja, and reportedly clashed with rebels in a town near the Syrian border.
The C.I.A. was criticized today for failing to provide Army investigators with documents on unregistered "ghost detainees."
The Miami Dolphins will play their NFL regular-season opener at home against the Tennessee Titans on Saturday instead of Sunday because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan.
To handle the demands of the next-generation Internet, a new layer of intelligent nodes and services needs to grow over the existing Internet structure, said Intel Corp.
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Still behind HP and Sun
The mobile phone giant says its next results will now be better than expected, thanks to a boost in handset sales.
Belgrade overturns a ban on the teaching of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in schools.
The morning sky this weekend is sparkling. Wake up early to see Mercury, Venus, Saturn and more.
A capsule jettisoned to Earth by NASA's Genesis spacecraft today failed to deploy its parachute and crash-landed in the Utah desert.
Researchers in China have unearthed the fossil remains of a parrotlike dinosaur surrounded by 34 juveniles. The find suggests dinosaurs were nurturing parents.
A movie studio coalition says it has worked out standards for films without film.
special coverage Hostile bid for PeopleSoft hurts Oracle's image among IT professionals.
Grants aim to accelerate European research into business applications of shared computing.
One of the new handsets invokes Garbo, according to the Finnish phone giant. Another is described as "sleek and sexy."
Beefier batteries and multicore chips aim to make Intel's future mobiles more like desktops.
Description: The kidnapping of two Italian aid workers in Iraq has united their home country. The women were both known as opponents of the Iraq war.
WASHINGTON - Legislation that would expand the definition of criminal file-trading over the Internet was approved Wednesday by the U.S. House Judiciary Committee.
AP - No. 1 is gone. So is No. 2. The French Open champion and the Wimbledon champion left days ago and the Williams sisters were done soon after that.
Sept. 9, 2004 - Images sent back to Earth by the Cassini spacecraft reveal aspects of Saturn scientists have never seen: another moon -ossibly two  - a ring of material.
In the annals of consumer electronics, certain devices have proven so compelling they #39;ve created consumer cults. You know, Mac heads.
The graphics library, an alternative to Microsoft's DirectX, gets new features designed to add razzle-dazzle to PC games.
Media software firm RealNetworks says it sold more than three million tracks thanks to an aggressive three-week price promotion in the US.
Are you a charmer with strong programming skills? Can you find happiness toiling in the IT department of a manufacturer or transportation company?
Legislation that would expand the definition of criminal file-trading over the Internet was approved Wednesday by the US House Judiciary Committee.
European Ryder Cup player Padraig Harrington broke out of his form slump Thursday to take a one-stroke lead at the German Masters with a 6-under-par 66.
Cleveland Browns running back Lee Suggs did not practice today and is listed as doubtful for Sunday #39;s season opener against the Baltimore Ravens.
World News Baghdad, Sep 9 : Foreign aid workers in Iraq are planning to leave the war-torn country since the kidnapping of two Italian women aid workers, Xinhua reports Thursday.
The violent hostage-taking at a school in Russia last week blamed on Chechen terrorists has sparked condemnation from the Arab media in the Middle East.
Apple has stopped offering the latest version of McAfee's anti-virus package to Mac users following reports of widespread problems with the software.
AP - It took Joey Harrington about one second to choose between red, white and blue  #151; and blood.
The graphics library, an alternative to Microsoft's DirectX, gets new features designed to add razzle-dazzle to PC games.
Yesterdays crash of the Genesis sample return canister forced scientists to look for slivers of hope in the busted up remains of fragile collection arrays.
NEW YORK - Why would wireless chip company Qualcomm want to get into the display business? To do what it does best: license technology to mobile phone manufacturers everywhere.
Futures market lets investors buy and sell right to see teams if they make it to the big game. By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.
Check out any sporting goods store around town and you #39;ll find them cluttering the clearance racks: brown, white and orange No.
There #39;s something very strange about the Royals and Tigers on Thursday afternoons. Baseball scores start looking more like football scores.
AP - Sen. John Edwards, who hopes to be vice president come January, went after the current holder of the office Thursday, criticizing Dick Cheney on terrorism, campaign rhetoric and health care.
AP - Major events in President Bush's Vietnam-era military service with the Air National Guard:
The Serbian government has reversed an order to ban Charles Darwin #39;s theory of evolution from schools, following widespread criticism from scientists.
It is an accepted axiom in the NFL: Every team has problems. Coaches and team executives commiserate about them like old folks complaining about aches and pains.
(Sports Network) - Two of the worst teams in the American League square off this evening when the Kansas City Royals and Detroit Tigers continue their four-game set at Comerica Park.
ISRAELI Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz today ordered a closure of the West Bank and Gaza Strip during the upcoming Jewish holidays, a ministry spokeswoman said.
A source close to the case says a ruling in Justice Dept.'s antitrust suit to stop Oracle from acquiring PeopleSoft may come this week.
India today assured the visiting Prime Minister of Nepal Sher Bahadur Deuba that it would render all possible assistance to Kathmandu in tackling the Maoist insurgency.
Dell Inc. plans to open several Enterprise Command Centers during the next few months in a bid to improve its service delivery to customers worldwide.
Data centers in Florida weathered the brunt of Hurricane Frances, suffering only minor disruptions from the Labor Day weekend storm.
With plenty of experience in disaster preparations, IT managers in Florida were ready to handle IT staffing issues during -- and after -- Hurricane Frances.
IBM next week will ship the latest version of its DB2 Universal Database, which offers new self-tuning capabilities designed to reduce management overhead even as databases grow bigger and harder to maintain.
Because of the open nature of the Internet, there seems to be no immediate prospects that technology or law enforcement can stem the flood of online fraud.
Group proposes outsourcing to underutilized, lower-cost IT workers in outlying areas of the U.S. rather than offshore.
Eighteen-year-old Sven Jaschan was indicted yesterday for allegedly creating the Sasser worm that crashed hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide after spreading over the Internet.
RealNetworks Inc. on Thursday said the three-week cut-rate promotion on its online music store garnered sales of more than 3 million songs.
com September 9, 2004, 4:46 PM PT. Federal telephone regulators on Thursday set aside more spectrum for third-generation cell phone calls and other advanced wireless services, in a move 
a DNA pioneer and geneticist at Leicester University in England -- says the genetic profiles used in criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications.
com. Roger Federer: Forget any visions you have of Roger Federer being a lumbering, big server whose best surface will always be grass.
The announcement by Olivier Panis here yesterday that he will retire from racing at the end of the season at the age of 38 to take up a testing role at Toyota not only created a vacancy 
The National Football League announced Thursday that the game between Tennessee and Miami would be played on Saturday instead of Sunday.
Digital technology has now replaced the old photo-finish cameras at Britain #39;s racecourses, but still there are times when even a computer cannot help.
Scientists are sweeping, vacuuming and picking at the mangled wreckage recovered from the Genesis spacecraft that crashed into the Utah desert on Wednesday.
The death toll rose to 28 and more than 70 were wounded in heavy clashes between the US-Iraqi forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s northern town of Tall Afar.
Israeli forces continued a major operation in Gaza on Thursday with tanks and armored vehicles to suppress rocket fire into Israel, and in the process killed seven Palestinians.
At least 50 terrorists were killed in air raids on a suspected al-Qa #39;eda training camp near the Afghan border, Pakistan officials said yesterday.
NEW DELHI: Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri said that although the Kashmir dispute was central to the peace process it could not be resolved overnight.
AP - The Senate used a voice vote Thursday to denounce the massacre of hundreds at a Russian school and to express its condolences to that nation's people.
The White House releases new records relating to a row over President Bush's military service.
More openness is needed over clinical drug trial results  to stop them being distorted, leading medical journals say.
IBM will begin shipping a new DB2 Universal Database next week that has more self-managing capabilities, extended Linux support, and geospatial technology.
Lazio president Claudio Lotito is considering legal action against Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini over the way he left the club.
SIX British soldiers died yesterday when their low-flying helicopter hit electricity cables and spiralled out of control in the Czech Republic.
The British couple murdered in Thailand yesterday were following thousands of tourists who make the trip to the picturesque province of Kanchanaburi every year.
Joey Sindelar had to wait five hours for the Canadian Open to get started Thursday, which was nothing compared with the five weeks he had to wait for his game to show up.
Officials in southern Florida began evacuating some people from the Keys as Hurricane Ivan ripped through Grenada, leaving at least 15 dead.
RealNetworks this week said the three week cut rate promotion on its online music store garnered sales of more than three million songs.
Sybase Inc. this week released Adaptive Server Enterprise Express Edition for Linux, a free version of its enterprise-class database for deployment on Linux systems.
US-LED forces attacked two Iraqi rebel strongholds yesterday, killing nearly two dozen insurgents in a town near the Syrian border and bombing targets in Fallujah for a third day.
The World Wildlife Fund says animals and trees from Asia dominate its list of the 10 species most likely to become extinct because of illegal trade.
INTER Milan coach Roberto Mancini believes the club #39;s lavish (northern) summer signings will enable them to mount a serious Serie A challenge this season.
On Sunday, voters will have a limited chance to elect members to the city #39;s parliament. By Robert Marquand  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
PANAMA CITY: Cobi Jones struck deep into injury time to secure the US a 1-1 draw against Panama in their CONCACAF region Group A World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
Storrs, CT (Sports Network) - Connecticut head football coach Randy Edsall signed a six-year contract Thursday that could be worth up to \$5.
LONDON : The global authority of record-breaking accomplishment, The Guinness Book of Records, celebrated Friday 50 years logging the poles of human achievement.
AFP - The global authority of record-breaking accomplishment, The Guinness Book of Records, celebrated 50 years logging the poles of human achievement.
AP - Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making.
Reuters - According to the California\Highway Patrol, NBA star Gary Payton was arrested for\investigation of driving under the influence last month.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Friday after the Japanese government said the economy grew more slowly than initially estimated in the April-June quarter. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Ziff Davis - Sybase is offering a free version of its leading enterprise database management system for Linux.
AP - The NHL and the players' association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off Thursday after the union's first new proposal in nearly a year.
AP - Air Force football coach Fisher DeBerry agreed to a five-year contract extension Thursday.
The Miami Dolphins' opening game against the Tennessee Titans will be played Saturday instead of Sunday because of approaching Hurricane Ivan.
The embattled IT services giant is trying to trim \$3 billion in annual costs.
Product will allow a server to run multiple operating systems, or multiple copies of the same operating system at a single time
The networking giant will pay \$128 million in cash for NetSolve, which manages information technology systems.
Judge rejects Justice Department charges, allowing Oracle's hostile bid for PeopleSoft to continue.
CNET News.com answers your questions about the court case that set the software maker against the U.S. Department of Justice.
special coverage Oracle prevails in pursuit of PeopleSoft buy, as judge rejects Justice Department's antitrust arguments.
University of Texas bans students' private Wi-Fi hot spots, saying they block access to a campus wireless network.
Regulators set aside additional bandwidth for third-generation cell phones and other advanced wireless services.
Apple Computer co-founder Steve Wozniak joins advisory board of start-up Eye Games.
The wireless company buys a majority stake in Iridigm, developer of a brighter, low-cost alternative to LCD screens.
Intel, Hitachi, Toshiba and others propose CE-ATA, a new interface for miniature hard drives used in consumer electronics.
SUN CITY, South Africa -- South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen claimed his first Sun City Golf Challenge title Sunday at the Gary Player Country Club.
Topping the list of new models is a \$999 color laser multifunction printer.
In a future with millions of users and devices taxing the Net, Intel-based servers will help out.
CHORZOW: The England football team staged a silent protest over recent press criticism, refusing to be interviewed after their 2-1 World Cup win over Poland here on Wednesday.
The National Hockey League rejected an offer from the players in the latest round of labor negotiations Thursday, leaving little hope of avoiding a lockout start to the season next month.
Japan #39;s economy grew 0.3 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, less than the 0.4 percent growth rate initially estimated, the government said Friday.
AP - Elton John kept his red top on during the NFL's first on-field musical show since part of Janet's Jackson's black top came off at the Super Bowl.
The US warns South Korea to expect no favours after it admits conducting secret nuclear experiments.
Images of Saturn sent back to Earth by the Cassini spacecraft reveal a newly discovered ring and at least one new moon, scientists say.
MORE than 6000 plants, insects and animals should be added to the list of the world #39;s endangered species, according to a study published yesterday.
Imagine defending US Open champ Andy Roddick reaching his peak eight years from now. Unfathomable. Roddick playing better as a 30-year old than at 22?
WASHINGTON -- The US government is urging its citizens to avoid travel to Grenada, Cuba, the Cayman Islands and Jamaica in light of Hurricane Ivan.
Army jailers in Iraq kept dozens of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison off official rosters to hide them from Red Cross inspectors.
The participation of Chechen women in suicide attacks reflects the radicalization of a war that has turned increasingly nihilistic.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Ticker) -- A pair of teams fighting for a postseason berth meet in Charlotte on Thursday when the Sting face the Sacramento Monarchs.
roundup Plus: Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. NASA is still picking up the pieces after Hurricane Frances, and now the space port is bracing for the even more menacing Ivan.
Michael Vaughan has insisted that no member of his side has reservations about the decision to tour Zimbabwe for five one-day internationals later this year.
Qualifying for the World Cup isn #39;t all that complicated. Get three points from every home game and one from every road match and you #39;ll make it every time.
t was a moment some local fans had longed for: Scott Kazmir, pitching in New York. The results met expectations, but the setting did not.
The South Korean government acknowledged Thursday that it extracted a small amount of plutonium during a 1982 research experiment, a declaration that came 
Six Palestinians died in renewed violence across the Gaza Strip and West Bank on Thursday, according to Palestinian officials, as a private group 
A man in Thailand has died of avian flu, the first human casualty in the country since the disease re-emerged in Asia in July, officials said Thursday.
The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.
Intel CTO Pat Gelsinger says the Internet must be upgraded with a new layer of capabilities to deal with imminent problems of capacity, security and reliability.
The Sudanese Foreign Minister has rejected a United States declaration of genocide in the Darfur region of Sudan, saying the US is using a humanitarian crisis for political purposes.
Fighting power with power Thursday night, Joachim Johansson ended Andy Roddick's bid to repeat as United States Open champion.
The New England Patriots held off the Indianapolis Colts to extend their winning streak to 16 games and begin their quest to repeat as Super Bowl champions.
With two easy victories, the Yankees did something they had not done in the previous 16 days. They gained ground on the Boston Red Sox.
Intense diplomatic efforts are under way to persuade North Korea to give up its nuclear weapons programme.
Scientists believe a faulty battery may have led to the high-speed crash to Earth of Nasa's Genesis space capsule.
Sweden's Joachim Johansson beats defending champion Andy Roddick in five sets.
Police in Thailand are hunting a colleague who they say is their main suspect for the murder of a British couple.
The British Library is putting high-resolution copies of Shakespeare's plays on the internet.
A woman accused of stalking Catherine Zeta Jones owned a book signed by the actress, a court hears.
Mike Vanderjagt misses a 48-yard field goal in the final seconds as defending champion New England holds on for a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday.
Joey Sindelar shoots a 5-under 66 and holds a two-stroke lead in the rain-delayed opening round of the Canadian Open.
The Mets snap an 11-game losing streak while stopping the Marlins' franchise record-tying nine-game winning streak with a 4-0 victory.
FOXBORO, Mass. - As usual, Tom Brady was uncannily accurate as the New England Patriots moved within three games of the NFL record for consecutive victories...
DeWhitt Betterson lost his shoe, then the football and in a matter of seconds the 19th-ranked Missouri Tigers had lost control of tonights nationally televised game to Troy.
Three weeks of celebrations, a guest list that included princes and world leaders, and a 21-gun salute. Jonathan Este reports on the marriage of the Crown Prince of Brunei.
Much to their chagrin, the Red Sox were long overdue for a game like this. All the elements that had been so reliable during this riveting stretch of baseball decided to 
A single play changed the entire scope of the biggest game in Troy University football history. With 6:49 remaining in the second quarter and the Trojans trailing the No.
Takeover battle likely to drag on as Oracle faces other obstacles in merger quest.
Lisa Leslie recorded the third triple-double in WNBA history, finishing with 29 points, 15 rebounds and 10 blocks in Los Angeles #39; win over defending league champion Detroit.
The deadliest hurricane to hit the Caribbean in a decade is on course to slam into Jamaica where around 800 Britons are being evacuated.
Sasser #39;s damage was extensive, affecting 18 million computers around the world ranging from millions of at home users to thousands of companies.
After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable.
Question: After setting the stage for ultra-aggressive racing at Richmond, how will NASCAR officials police rough driving Saturday?
Japan unexpectedly cut its estimate for second-quarter economic growth to a 1.3 percent annual pace, the slowest in more than a year, as manufacturers slashed inventories.
Nokia raised its outlook for third-quarter sales and earnings, apparently benefiting from an unusual decision to cut its handset prices.
Plenty of music available online is not just free but also easily available, legal and  most important  worth hearing.
The crash of the Genesis spacecraft is a loss for NASA and for science. Once again, the potential of robotic space exploration is called into question.
US communications regulators on Thursday insisted the United States was making progress in rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
The deadliest hurricane to hit the Caribbean in a decade is on course to slam into Jamaica, where about 800 Britons were being evacuated.
Israeli forces continued a major operation in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, using tanks and armored vehicles to suppress rocket fire into Israel, and in the process killing seven Palestinians.
Scientists are optimistic that they will retrieve useful information from the smashed capsule that fell to earth in the Utah desert after three years in space.
Ralph E. Lapp was involved in atomic weapons from the earliest days of the Manhattan Project, and spoke out about the health effects of radiation into the 1990's.
AP - Restricting access to scientific information about dangerous germs is more likely to hamper legitimate researchers than to prevent terrorists from using the data for attacks, a leading scientist warned.
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Well, soon-ish
Seattle, working on a seven-game losing streak and matched up with a Red Sox team that had won 20 of its past 22 games, put together its single best game of the season.
AP - Tennis in gale force gusts is closer to a farce than a sport.
Tom Brady threw three touchdown passes, and the New England Patriots opened defense of their second NFL title in three years with a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday night.
Troy, formerly Troy State, used gadgets, luck and guts to rally from a horrible start and upset No. 19 Missouri 24-14 on Thursday night.
In one of college football #39;s most important games of the year, delayed four nights because of Hurricane Frances, the fifth-ranked Miami Hurricanes will meet the fourth-ranked Florida 
Alan Trammell has seen a lot of crazy things during almost three decades in the major leagues. Nothing, however, prepared him for what he saw yesterday.
The US navy will hold a joint training with the Nigerian army in the African giant #39;s oil producing Niger Delta region next week, Nigerian defense ministry said Thursday.
Scientists from the University of the West of England (UWE) have invented a robot that can generate its own energy by catching flies.
The US House Judiciary Committee has voted for criminal penalties for individuals that install spyware on PCs and for movie pirates.
So confident was Colts kicker Mike Vanderjagt that he would make a tying, 48-yard field goal with 24 seconds remaining in Thursday night #39;s league opener against the Patriots 
Joachim Johansson is threatening to drive a wedge through the Hewitt family after he beat Andy Roddick to reach the semi-finals of the US Open on Thursday.
The NHL and the players association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off Thursday after the union #39;s first new proposal in nearly a year.
Forget about the curse and the Sports Illustrated jinx. The Red Sox last night fell victim to a brief revival of their first-half defensive woes and 
Once-dominant Manchester United no longer inspire fear in their opponents, according to club captain Roy Keane. United, English champions eight times in the last dozen seasons, already 
ARLINGTON, Texas -- While the White Sox are in the midst of their last off day of the season Monday, their stadium might get a full workout.
The United States, Japan and South Korea agreed on Friday to try to arrange a fresh round of six-party talks this month on dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear 
Our gratitude goes to you for the interest and enthusiasm you have shown in visiting the AsiaNews.it website. AsiaNews is also a monthly magazine (only in Italian).
Horrific details of how two British backpackers were gunned down in cold blood near the bridge on the River Kwai were released today.
British police said they have arrested a man who launched a sledgehammer attack on the security gates at the entrance of Downing Street early Friday morning.
Public libraries are allowed to review and choose the books that end up on the shelves based on resources and community standards.
Keeping in mind the above research, the genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations cannot always be considered sophisticated since there are chances of false identification, at least one in a billion.
Although the Phoenix City Council banned the downloading of Internet pornography Wednesday, officials aren #39;t sure when filters would be installed on library computers.
Syria has turned over a senior Kurdish militant and six other rebels to Turkey in a sign of closer security cooperation between the former rivals, a Turkish security official says.
AP - With the new budget year only weeks away, the House has passed a  #36;142.5 billion spending bill that funds some 500 education, health and job training programs.
TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Malden, 6:30; Waltham at Cambridge, 7.
The NHL and the players' association appeared headed toward a lockout when talks broke off yesterday after the union's first new proposal in nearly a year.
Thousands of people who have fled their homes in northern Uganda are preparing to go home, officials say.
A Paraguay judge calls for the extradition of the country's former military ruler Alfredo Stroessner from Brazil.
The New York Yankees turned a long day into a productive one -- at the plate and in the AL East standings.
Sweden remembers its hugely popular foreign minister Anna Lindh, who was stabbed to death a year ago.
NEW YORK - The baby mama drama just won't stop for P. Diddy...
Cause: softening in notebook PC and mobile phone demand
AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they're having trouble hanging onto fly balls.
PC World - Number of users with high-speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
AFP - Sudan's foreign minister rejected US charges of genocide in the western region of Darfur as a reelection ploy by US President George W. Bush.
TheDeal.com - The ruling is major blow to the Department of Justice, which argued that the hostile takeover weakens competition.
Digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi-tech mobile telephones in a UK first.
Scientists are optimistic that they will retrieve useful information from the smashed capsule that fell to earth in the Utah desert after three years in space, officials said Thursday.
ALTHOUGH Microsoft #39;s anti-spam sender-ID is disliked by Open Sources, it is providing popular with the very people it is targeted against.
Brock Berlin and Chris Rix have known each other since 1999. One is from Louisiana, the other is from California. Yet, their story is the same.
Scientists go back to the drawing board in their battle against poison resistant rats.
\A turf roof and solar slates are just two of the green innovations used to revamp buildings at one of Cornwall's most spectacular locations.
Number of users with high-speed connections has tripled in the last three years.
A delicate new ring and possibly two new moons have been spotted around Saturn by the US-European Cassini mission, astronomers announced Thursday.
Police were sent a text message warning of yesterday #39;s suicide bombing in Jakarta that killed at least nine people 45 minutes before the explosion outside the Australian embassy.
The oxygen generator for the International Space Station craps out, leaving the two astronauts on board weighing alternative sources for breathable air.
AFP - European stock markets climbed in early trading, shaking off a mixed showing on Wall Street overnight in the wake of surging oil prices.
\Childhood cancer patients suffer less pain when placed under hypnosis, scientists have claimed.
Malaysia #39;s Prime Minister Abdullah Badawi has sketched out his vision of a regional body that could one day become the Asian equivalent of the EU.
An electrical-shock hazard is prompting the recall of nearly 40,000 laser printers made by Lexmark International Inc. and sold in the United States.
New York -- The quarterfinals #39; forgotten men Thursday were Lleyton Hewitt and Tim Henman, but they will toil in relative obscurity no longer.
Vice President Dick Cheney (website - news - bio) congratulated US troops for helping give democracy a chance to take root in Afghanistan.
Bangkok (VNA) - A young Thai man in eastern Prachinburi province died of bird flu on Wednesday, Thai Health Minister Sudarat Keyuraphan said.
A microbe from the Dead Sea may hold the key to protecting astronauts from one of the greatest threats they would face during a mission to Mars: space radiation.
AP - Israeli troops arrested a Palestinian man carrying a 22-pound bomb in his taxi after he fled and threw the explosives out of the cab's window, a security official said Friday.
The stuff that dreams are made of is a chunk of grey matter deep down at the back of the human brain, reveals a study of a rare form of brain damage.
A group of leading mobile phone vendors said Friday (Sept. 10) they will work together to bring about widespread delivery of broadcast television to mobile devices.
IBM will next week release editions of version 8.2 of its DB2 database software, featuring support for Linux clustering in addition to self-managing and tuning capabilities.
com. Yahoo is hosting the official Web site for the second and third seasons of the reality television program  quot;The Apprentice.
Research in Motion has unveiled a new BlackBerry mobile-style communicator featuring a multi-tap keypad to replace its usual qwerty keypad.
Editor #39;s Note: The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Marc Saltzman, a freelance technology journalist whose reviews also appear on the Gannett News Service.
Peer-to-peer IP telephony startup Skype yesterday released a version of its software designed for mobile devices running Microsoft #39;s PocketPC operating system.
Two years in a row, the Patriots #39; veteran outside linebacker has made the biggest play at exactly the right moment to maintain the separation between the Colts and true greatness.
Winning at home and tying on the road is the proven formula for success in World Cup qualifying, but the manner by which the US team has compiled two ties and a victory 
Olympic 110 metres hurdles champion Liu Xiang of China and American Marion Jones have pulled out of Sunday #39;s Golden League meeting in Berlin, organisers said on Friday.
CHICAGO It was a birthday gift from his girlfriend and brother, a box-seat ticket to a Chicago Cubs game against Montreal at Wrigley Field.
Bayern Munich striker Roque Santa Cruz will be out of action for up to six weeks because of a knee injury, the Bundesliga club said on Friday.
Not to sound like anybody from the Fox racing broadcast, but its time to reach up and pull those belts tight - its time to go racing.
The National Hockey League, facing a possible work stoppage in less than a week, received the first new labor proposal from its players union in almost a year today in Toronto.
Seattle #39;s Bobby Madritsch pitched eight shutout innings as the Mariners clubbed Boston 7-to-1 Thursday night on the West Coast.
It was all business on Thursday night after Notre Dames final practice of the week in preparation for their game against Michigan on Saturday.
A Zimbabwe court has jailed British former special services officer Simon Mann for a total of seven years for trying to buy dangerous weapons in a case linked to an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea.
The Wales midfielder claimed that a challenge by Michael Hughes in the World Cup qualifier on Wednesday was career-threatening.
Woodland Hills-based Brilliant Digital Entertainment and its subsidiary Altnet announced yesterday that they have filed a patent infringement suit against the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
The NFL champion New England Patriots escape with a season-opening victory, keeping their winning streak alive and again frustrating Peyton Manning.
The US Open will either get its dream all-American final, a nightmare all-Russian final, or something in between today when No. 5 Lindsay Davenport faces No.
ATLANTA -- Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal has had his first court appearance after being arrested on charges of driving under the influence.
NFL fans spending time in Las Vegas always can place a bet on their favourite team for that week #39;s game. Now, the Plaza Hotel is offering something more long-range.
Hopes are fading that Pyongyang will attend a fourth round of talks on ending its nuclear weapons programs, following revelations about South Korean nuclear tests.
A World Health Organization official has warned of the likelihood of more human deaths from the bird flu virus, after the death of a teenage boy in Thailand this week.
A Somali warlord, whose advance had raised fears of renewed violence, agrees to rejoin peace talks in Kenya.
US planes fire a missile into rebel positions in the Iraqi city of Falluja for the fourth day, killing a civilian.
Police chief David Westwood, criticised after the Soham murders, has his suspension lifted, but is to retire early.
Two films attacking Fahrenheit 9/11 director Michael Moore will debut at a conservative US film festival.
Apparently bending to widespread public pressure, President Vladimir V. Putin agreed today to a parliamentary inquiry.
Hurricane Ivan, the third powerful storm to boil up out of the Atlantic this year, bore down on Jamaica today after devastating Grenada.
A Nike television advert showing US basketball star LeBron James in battle with a cartoon kung fu master has been banned in China.
Reuters - Times must be getting tough for computer\virus writers.
PC World - Send your video throughout your house--wirelessly--with new gateways and media adapters.
At a charity auction in New Jersey last weekend, baseball memorabilia dealer Warren Heller was approached by a man with an unusual but topical request.
AP - Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested early Friday on charges of driving under the influence, speeding and reckless driving, police said.
CHELSEA assistant manager Steve Clark today fired out a warning to champions Porto ahead of tomorow #39;s (Australian time) Champions League Group H game.
Reuters - Hypnosis can relieve suffering\and improve the quality of life of cancer patients, researchers\said on Thursday.
Reuters - Cannabis-based treatments may\have longer-term benefits for multiple sclerosis patients,\scientists said on Friday.
There weren't many times during the course of his Cincinnati Bengals career when Corey Dillon left the locker room satisfied after a game.
They were like two great heavyweights slugging away, neither willing to take a backward step or bend to the other's demands.
While Toby Keith wailed country and western, and Gillette Stadium sizzled with excitement, Captain Rick Maloney stood at his post, a machine gun hanging from his neck.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - A man who swung an alligator at his girlfriend during an argument was sentenced to six months in jail...
Clearly viable on server, client to follow within two years
&lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; M2000 same as XDA IIs, VPA III, MDA III
Marks   Spencer is poised to farm out its online retail business, the High Street retailer says.
A study of cannabis-based drugs shows long-term benefit in easing multiple sclerosis symptoms, scientists say.
\Female undergraduates work harder and are more open-minded than males, leading to better results, say scientists.
OpenPower line to make debut Monday as Big Blue looks beyond the chip's high-end niche, CNET News.com has learned.
A software developer whose program was accidentally labeled a threat is considering action against the antivirus company.
One of the new handsets invokes Garbo, according to the Finnish phone giant. Another is described as "sleek and sexy."
Peer-to-peer company accuses RIAA and its partners of infringing upon its patents.
Send your video throughout your house--wirelessly--with new gateways and media adapters.
Latest line of keyboards and mice include some with fingerprint readers for added security.
Proposed law would allow more people to be charged with criminal copyright violations.
Intel #39;s Chief Technology Officer, Pat Gelsinger, implied that the Internet needs upgrading, and his company is ready to assist.
Sudan #39;s Foreign Minister has rejected US assertion that the violence in Western Darfur region fits the definition of genocide.
AFP - Two British warships in the Caribbean sailed for Jamaica, prepared to give whatever help they can as the island braced for a direct hit from deadly Hurricane Ivan.
AP - Apart from upbringing and environment, scientists are discovering that genes and biology are more important in the fight against obesity than previously believed.
Reuters - The early-morning\splash in the Bering Strait off the Russian coast should have\been bigger given the diplomatic wrangling that led up to it.
Russian President Vladimir Putin pledges to back a parliamentary commission into the Beslan school siege.
A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced.
EverNote offers a slick way to collect and retrieve random information on multiple devices.
The number of broadband Internet subscribers in the US has tripled since 2001, according to a new report from the Federal Communications Commission.
Skype Technologies has launched Skype for Pocket PC Version 1.0, which allows users to make Skype voice calls for free using Wi-Fi wireless networking.
Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich will be without striker Roque Santa Cruz for up to six weeks due to knee surgery.
AP - Ernie Els shot a 3-under-par 69 to trail Terry Pilkadaris of Australia by one stroke after the second round of the Korean Open on Friday.
WASHINGTON - A stroke that robbed a woman of her dreams may help pinpoint where and how dreams are born in the brain, scientists said on Friday.
nomoreself writes  quot;Sven Jaschan, only 18 years old, has been indicted by prosecutors in Verden, Germany for allegedly releasing the well known Sasser worm.
In a game that was postponed four days because of Hurricane Frances, Miami tries to blow Florida State away with a hurricane of its own in the third meeting between the two rivals in 11 months.
New world number one Vijay Singh completed an impressive turnaround despite bad weather interrupting his first round at the Bell Canadian Open.
THE man accused of commanding the Australian embassy bombing was briefly detained by Indonesian police last year but released because they did not recognise the terror fugitive.
10 September 2004 -- A US jet fired missiles at an insurgent stronghold in Al-Fallujah today, the fourth straight day of attacks in the Sunni city west of Baghdad.
IT lasted two weeks and cost nearly 3m. By the standards of the royal family of one of the world #39;s wealthiest oil-rich states, it was subdued.
(Article Central) Microsoft will release Virtual Server 2005 next week, a product aimed to help companies effectively gather computing resources.
Kevin Keegan has backed David James to win back his England place before the season is over. James returned to training with Manchester City on Thursday still reeling from the widespread vilification over 
AP - A federal judge threw out on Friday a Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers to block Web sites containing child pornography, saying the law was unconstitutional and cannot be enforced.
William Shakespeare, the Warwickshire wordsmith, was paid a posthumous compliment this week, when the British Library made available 21 of his works on the Internet.
US software giant Microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market by rivals like Apple.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Michael Schumacher paid tribute to Ferrari #39;s legion of tifosi at Monza on Friday by wearing the colours of the Italian flag on his helmet.
Jermain Defoe claims he is still on cloud nine after his first senior England goal on his full debut for his country in Poland on Wednesday.
Indian medium-pacer Amit Bhandari will replace seamer Lakshmipathy Balaji, who was ruled out of the ICC Champions Trophy with an abdominal injury on Friday.
After peering inside NASA #39;s broken Genesis capsule with flashlights and mirrors, scientists said on Friday the craft #39;s unexpected crash landing left solar material 
Intel took the stage to talk up its plans for dual-core chips and wireless gadgetry and to sketch out  quot;the Internet of tomorrow.
Several major phone manufacturers have teamed up with the Open Mobile Alliance to develop a standard for mobile broadcast. Motorola, NEC, Nokia, Siemens and Sony 
A Pennsylvania law requiring Internet service providers (ISPs) to block Web sites the state #39;s prosecuting attorneys deem to be child pornography has been reversed 
The acquisition of NetSolve will enable Cisco and its channel partners to offer customers real-time monitoring of Cisco products and to help ensure continuous, secure operation of such services 
Cheeky virus writers have put a secret message in the latest versions of the MyDoom e-mail worm asking antivirus vendors for a job.
Europeans are a step closer to having television on their mobile phones: Two groups of companies said they would push forward with consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.
Southern California tailback LenDale White remembers Justin Holland from high school. The Colorado State quarterback made quite an impression.
update A federal court has struck down a Pennsylvania law that blocks access to Web sites labeled as child pornography, claiming that the rule violated the First Amendment.
Darryl Sutter, who coached the Calgary Flames to the Stanley Cup finals last season, had an emergency appendectomy and was recovering Friday.
Imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. The idea could soon become reality following an announcement Friday that five of the world #39;s largest mobile phone makers 
Calgary, AB (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames head coach Darryl Sutter underwent an emergency appendectomy and is expected to make a full recovery.
A court in Zimbabwe is expected to pass sentence on some 70 alleged mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the West African state of Equatorial Guinea.
Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships pounded what the military called a terrorist training camp near the Afghan border on Thursday, killing at least 50 mostly foreign militants.
BEIRUT: Three Lebanese citizens were murdered early Friday morning, and a fourth critically injured, in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad.
The six people killed in a crash of a South African-registered aircraft Thursday in Zambia were respectively the Canadian, Briton and Australian, local mediareported on Friday.
He was finally out of the wicked wind tunnel known as Arthur Ashe Stadium, out of the gale that combined with Roger Federer to blow him from the quarterfinals of the US Open.
The Federal Communications Commission Thursday (Sept. 9) added spectrum to be used for advanced wireless services (AWS) such as 3G data services.
Approximately 40,000 laser printers manufactured by Lexmark International Inc. were recalled this week, according to a statement released by the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).
A South African court on Thursday charged two German men who live in the country with illegally exporting equipment used to enrich uranium needed to make nuclear weapons.
The European Commission #39;s carefully choreographed strategy to keep internal debate over Turkish accession silent until 6 October, when an initial decision must be made, is coming unraveled.
Russian soldiers fled as shooting broke out in the violence that ended the school siege and unprepared special forces were forced to borrow bullets from armed locals ,it was claimed today.
AP - A mild El Nino is developing in the Pacific Ocean, climate experts said Friday. El Ninos can affect weather in other areas, sometimes worldwide.
SPACE.com - TOOELE, UTAH -- Its not \  the kind of "breaking news" that NASA wanted.
AP - Hurricane Frances destroyed thousands of sea turtle nests as the storm tore through their most important beaches in the middle of the nesting season, biologists said.
Children born in May have an increased risk of going on to develop multiple sclerosis, research has suggested.
Scientists are now optimistic some valuable data can be salvaged from the wrecked capsule of the solar mission.
Dick Cheney backs away from comments that warned of another terror attack if John Kerry is elected president.
Concealing women in the home is a backward view of Islam, the leader of Pakistan tells the BBC.
Posters of the Egyptian president's son, Gamal Mubarak, fuel rumours he is being groomed for succession.
In an unusual retreat, Vladimir V. Putin today promised an open inquiry into the slaughter of hostages at a school.
HONOLULU - Warner Bros. reportedly intends to make a film based on the old "Hawaii Five-0" TV series...
Reuters - Four people were able to control a\computer using their thoughts and an electrode-studded\"thinking cap," U.S. researchers reported on Monday.
AP - Goaltender Martin Brodeur has a sore wrist but hopes to play for Canada on Saturday against the Czech Republic in the World Cup of Hockey semifinals.
#NAME?
On Wednesday, Joe Gibbs kept rubbing his eyes when he spoke after practice, as if in need of a late afternoon nap. On Friday, his answers were short and void of any emotion.
Sprint and AT T will pay nearly \$1.5 million in civil penalties to settle government claims that the companies violated federal credit laws for customers seeking telephone service.
Indigenous issues are receiving more political attention worldwide, but many observers say most indigenous people remain mired in poverty. Dwindling land remains a chief cause, experts say.
Seeking relief from urban heat, Toronto has tapped into Lake Ontario's frigid depths to cool downtown office buildings. The "waste" is used as drinking water.
Trees bring both comfort and measurable benefits to urban environments. The problem is that roots don't flourish under pavement. Now scientists think they have a solution.
A new study estimates that if the nearly 12,200 animals and plants currently listed as threatened or endangered disappear, another 6,300 "affiliate" species could also be lost.
Earth's magnetic field is reportedly about 10 percent weaker today than it was when a German mathematician first started keeping tabs on it in 1845. So should we worry?
The new version of the personal finance program drops support for a widely used file format.
consulting with Iraqi Interim President Ghazi al-Yawar and Jordan #39;s King Abdullah. President #39;s Bush #39;s message throughout 
The wife of Microsoft head Bill Gates has been elected to the board of directors of the media conglomerate.
Grid computing looks to have a promising future--if vendors can continue to educate IT departments about its benefits.
But the antivirus community wrinkles its nose at the notion of a worm as curriculum vitae.
With two months to go before the Kyoto Protocol starts operating, the 10th United Nations conference on climate change conference is underway in Argentina.
France, Britain and Germany have toughened their stance on Iran #39;s nuclear programme, demanding that Tehran halt all parts of the atomic fuel cycle that can 
Hiding women away in the home hidden behind veils is a backward view of Islam, President Musharraf of Pakistan has said during a visit to Britain.
Reuters - Former\Portland Trail Blazers guard Clyde Drexler highlights the class\of 2004 inductees for the Basketball Hall of Fame.
 SPRINGFIELD, Massachusetts (Sports Network) - Former  Portland Trail Blazers guard Clyde Drexler highlights the class  of 2004 inductees for the Basketball Hall of Fame.
Wreckage from the Genesis space capsule yielded good news on Friday when NASA scientists announced the solar payload may still fulfill its scientific promise.
Cisco Systems Inc. channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of enterprises #39; networks after the company agreed to acquire NetSolve Inc.
WASHINGTON - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
(CP) - Daniel Nestor and Mark Knowles shook off their past record in Grand Slam finals Friday, winning the men #39;s doubles title at the US Open in style.
AP - Kellen Winslow Jr. ended his second NFL holdout Friday.
Reuters - Deep in a palm oil estate\in Malaysia's north, a cluster of about 20 wooden huts sits\around a brick mosque.
Along with the potentially devastating physical damage that a stroke can cause, a little known and rare consequence can be the loss of dreaming.
Person who fingered alleged author of virus must cool heels while waiting for cool quarter-million-dollar reward.
Shouts of joy from excited schoolboys greeted the arrival of an Israeli convoy on its entry to a Palestinian town where visitors from the Jewish state are usually soldiers searching for militants.
Qwest has been under investigation by the SEC and the Justice Department over allegations that it inflated revenue by incorrectly booking network-capacity deals to meet revenue expectations.
Marissa Peterson, who heads Sun Microsystems' services division, talked this week about the company's efforts to help its managed services partners broaden their reach.
Move will allow Cisco channel partners to monitor their enterprise customers' networks to provide better service and support.
CTO envisions Intel-based servers acting as network nodes to reduce strain of millions of new devices and users.
Chip giant says it will move to new design by next year, but leaves many questions unanswered.
AP - The Indianapolis Colts had an entire offseason to fix their mistakes against New England. They still haven't gotten it right.
AP - For years, programmers at Microsoft Corp. and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
AFP - South Korea's nuclear research is not linked to any manufacture of atomic weapons, the United States said.
AP - Southern California tailback LenDale White remembers Justin Holland from high school. The Colorado State quarterback made quite an impression.
NASA scientists said yesterday they had recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that fell to Earth this week and were hopeful the mission to gather solar atoms could be salvaged.
A Pennsylvania law allowing the state to force Internet service providers to block access to child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge ruled on Friday.
Sun Microsystems Inc. is preparing to launch two systems that will bring its UltraSparc IV processor into the low end of the company #39;s server product line.
Cisco Systems decision to acquire NetSolve means that its channel partners will be able to offer real-time monitoring of networks.
Transmeta Corp. has begun limited shipments of the next generation of its Efficeon processor, which is being built on the 90-nanometer manufacturing process.
Oakville, ON (Sports Network) - Canada #39;s own Mike Weir fired a six-under 65 on Friday to take the lead during round two of the Canadian Open.
Eleven months after winning two straight at Wrigley Field to take the NL pennant, the Florida Marlins returned Friday and split a doubleheader with Chicago.
Britain #39;s Danny Williams is to challenge Vitali Klitschko for his World Boxing Council heavyweight title in the United States in December.
a hostile Muslim state develops nuclear weapons, throwing the Middle East and the world into turmoil. American officials warn that fear could soon turn into reality with Iran.
PESHAWAR: Pakistan Army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan on Friday accused Pakistani journalists of selling the national interest in return for a few hundred dollars, while 
The Thai police sergeant wanted in connection with the murder of two British travellers was yesterday reported to have contacted his superiors and offered to give himself up.
As Formula One inches towards a conclusion in its drive for radical change, Kimi Raikkonen offered further evidence that the effort might be in vain.
Reuters - A Pennsylvania law allowing the\state to force Internet service providers to block access to\child pornography sites is unconstitutional, a federal judge\ruled on Friday.
AP - Orioles pitcher Jorge Julio received a four-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Friday for throwing a pitch that nearly hit Minnesota's Augie Ojeda in the head.
AP - The Vancouver Canucks re-signed twins Daniel and Henrik Sedin and goaltender Alex Auld on Friday.
AFP - UN Security Council nations met to look for common ground on a disputed US draft resolution pressing Sudan to rein in Arab militias behind the bloodshed in Darfur.
England captain Michael Vaughan said on Monday that he expected an evenly matched series against South Africa but suggested his bowlers could hold the key.
AP - Brock Adams, who served as transportation secretary under President Carter and represented Washington state in the Senate for one term, died Friday. He was 77.
Mark Viduka scored twice to end his run of 12 matches without a goal and help Middlesbrough beat Manchester City 3-2 in English soccer #39;s Premiership.
EDMONTON - An extra 6,000 species of butterflies and other small creatures will be wiped out if their endangered plant and animal hosts go extinct, scientists say.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Danny Williams is to challenge  Vitali Klitschko for his World Boxing Council heavyweight title  in the United States in December.
Three Lebanese nationals who worked for a food company in Baghdad were shot dead in one of the victim #39;s homes on Friday and a fourth person 
Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal was arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second D.U.I. arrest in four years.
Heavy rains and high winds  pound Jamaica as Hurricane Ivan roars towards the Caribbean island.
Banking group Lloyds TSB yesterday awarded IBM a 500m contract to supply internet telephony and data services in one of the biggest such deals seen in Europe.
Elena Dementieva beats Jennifer Capriati in a third-set tie-break to set up an all-Russian US Open final .
But the defense secretary said that the U.S. was determined to insure that voting takes place as planned.
A 17-year-old California boy won a premier high school science competition Monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
Orioles pitcher Jorge Julio receives a four-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Friday for throwing a pitch that nearly hit Minnesota's Augie Ojeda in the head.
Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is arrested on drunken driving charges Friday, his second DUI arrest in four years.
roundup Plus: Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares...Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings...Keynote to buy researcher Vividence.
Beleaguered server firm is working on a series of higher-performance processors it hopes will get profits back on track.
Four minor copies of the program surface, which some security experts believe indicates that a more lethal MyDoom may be on the way.
Optimistic NASA scientists said today they have recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule, offering hope that the mission to gather solar 
The DemoMobile 2004 spotlight shone on tools and services designed to mobilize business and application processes, as earlier concerns regarding wireless infrastructure build out and coverage have faded.
Back-to-school sales and political pitches helped spur latest barrage of spam.
Judge says law violates free speech, orders blocking stopped.
Hitachi and Intel are teaming up to add storage to more mobile devices.
Nasa scientists have recovered some intact materials from the wreckage of the Genesis space capsule that crashed in the Utah desert this week and are hopeful the mission to gather solar atoms may be salvaged.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
NEWARK, NJ - Two-time All Big East senior guard Cappie Pondexter is going to miss the first half of Rutgers women #39;s basketball season.
Australia #39;s top police official warns that militants may be ready to strike again in Indonesia, a day after an attack killed at least nine people.
Sun Microsystems wants to distinguish its future servers by fitting them with new chips that get their jobs done more efficiently.
FOR Wall Street types reluctantly dragging themselves back from the Hamptons, slightly cheaper crude oil prices gave them something to cheer about this week and an excuse to buy some oversold stocks.
The UN Security Council condemned illegal armed groups in Haiti it said were performing unauthorized law enforcement and called on the transitional government 
New rear-projection technology from Sony to be featured in new HDTV.
Sigmund Freud may have been right all along. Dreams really could be our unconscious minds giving us a glimpse of our deepest, darkest desires.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) unveiled nine consumer-oriented mice and keyboards, with geek-chic touches like Bluetooth connectivity and biometrics.
: Apparently responding to wide public dismay over last week #39;s school hostage-taking, President Vladimir Putin on Friday agreed to formation of a parliamentary investigative commission.
AP - NASA scientists said Friday they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable information about the origins of the solar system.
US envoy William Burns travels to Syria to warn Damascus over its troops in Lebanon and alleged links with militants. 
The Russian president's announcement came as questions multiplied about the events in which more than 300 people died in Beslan.
FOR so long written off as a perennial contender at Wimbledon but nowhere else, Tim Henman has stood convention on its head this year.
Kelly Holmes arrived here yesterday insisting she felt no pressure before her first appearance on the track since winning her two Olympic gold medals.
AP - Since taking over at Arkansas in 1998, coach Houston Nutt is 21-0 against nonconference opponents in the regular season.
A federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to watch Survivor on your cell phone anytime soon.
There are no US players left in either singles draw, with Jennifer Capriati and Lindsay Davenport being bundled out in the women #39;s semifinals.
A plaque commemorating Notre Dame #39;s 1946 national championship football team caught lineman Bobby Morton #39;s eye earlier this week at the university #39;s football facility.
Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory, powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in the National League Friday.
Hurricane Ivan has roared into Jamaica with drenching rains and deadly winds and sporadic shooting erupted in the near-deserted streets of the capital as looters 
Three Lebanese were killed and one wounded by a group of gunmen in Iraq on Friday, said an official of the Lebanese Foreign Ministry.
Reuters - With a possible billion-dollar\windfall at stake, U.S. music companies are eagerly awaiting\the full-blown development of the stateside ringtone market.
washingtonpost.com - A federal court yesterday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
AP - All in due time, Lindsay Davenport will decide whether she wants retire. Only right now is not that time.
Elena Dementieva and Svetlana Kuznetsova earned three-set victories over Americans to set up an all-Russian women's final at the United States Open.
Javier Vazquez and Esteban Loaiza have been among the worst pitchers in baseball in the second half of the season, and the Baltimore Orioles battered them on Friday.
Australia pledges US\$3.5m to help police catch those behind the bombing of its embassy in Indonesia. 
Mark Prior #39;s previous appearance against the Florida Marlins at Wrigley Field turned into one of the most agonizing losses in Chicago Cubs #39; history.
Danny Williams will take on WBC world heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko in December.
Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell is travelling to North Korea - the first visit to the country by a British minister.
federal court struck down a Pennsylvania law yesterday, ruling that the state could no longer force Internet service providers to block customers #39; access to Web sites thought to be distributing child pornography.
Hurricane Ivan neared Jamaica Friday night packing sustained winds of 155 mph, all but promising life-threatening flash floods and mudslides.
Swift Boat Veterans for Truth said it had raised \$6.7 million in a windfall brought about by its high profile in recent weeks.
Much of the responsibility for the growth of insurgency in the Sudan lies with the Arab-led government in Khartoum.
Indonesian investigators said Friday that they believed Thursday morning #39;s bombing of the Australian Embassy, which killed nine people, was carried out by three 
A former US serviceman accused of deserting while serving in South Korea in 1965 turned himself in on Saturday to the US military at a base near Tokyo.
CAMP ZAMA, Japan - Accused U.S. Army deserter Charles Jenkins surrendered at a U.S...
As a team, the Cavaliers have every intention of making this the season their running game becomes dominant, and a healthy Wali Lundy looks to lead the charge.
The drama is beginning to build, more than two months from the end of NASCAR's season, as drivers battle for a spot in a championship showdown over the final 10 races
A hamstring and a pair of hurricanes have left United a little short-handed Saturday for their match against Dallas at RFK Stadium.
Jacque Jones drives in two runs to lead the Twins over the Tigers, 4-1, Friday. Carlos Silva pitches well to win for the first time in a month.
Jason Michaels goes 4-for-5 with a homer and four RBI to lead the Philadelphia Phillies past the New York Mets, 9-5, Friday.
The most powerful storm to strike the Caribbean in a decade threatened widespread destruction on the island before it rumbles into Cuba and storm-battered Florida this weekend.
PHILADELPHIA A federal judge has tossed out Pennsylvania #39;s law that requires Internet service providers to block child porn Web sites.
A new study finds that technologies already exist to solve the problem of global warming. It says strategies employing these technologies over the next fifty years could put the brakes on rising levels of 
A two-run homer in the seventh by Jason Michaels put Philadelphia in front Friday night and the Phillies went on to down the New York Mets, 9-5.
South African police have dropped charges against a businessman accused of involvement in an international nuclear smuggling network.
The Polish parliament has passed a resolution declaring Germany had not compensated Poland for World War Two losses, a move reflecting renewed tensions between the two neighbours over the war #39;s legacy.
A federal court Friday struck down as unconstitutional a path-breaking Pennsylvania law designed to prevent Internet users from seeing Web sites that contain child pornography.
What might be the first directly visible planet orbiting a starlike body other than our sun was reported by scientists from Europe and Los Angeles on Friday.
Tonights all-or-nothing NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Richmond offers an interesting mix of desperation, anticipation and appreciation.
Waves two-stories high and torrential rains flooded eastern Jamaica and punishing winds knocked down trees and power lines as Hurricane Ivan slammed coastal areas 
The New York port authority has decided to join a lawsuit charging Saudi Arabia with providing financial assistance to the Osama bin Laden-led Al Qaeda.
Not once, but twice Edgerrin James thought that his knee had touched the ground, that he had put the Indianapolis Colts in a position to score points.
The decision is a victory for free speech and Internet-rights advocates who argued that although the law was well-intentioned, its effects were unconstitutional.
The grip on the steering wheel will be a little tighter, aggressions will run a little higher and emotions will be flowing stronger than ever.
Eleven months after winning two consecutive at Wrigley Field to take the pennant, the Florida Marlins returned yesterday and split a doubleheader with Chicago.
AFP - Pakistan's information minister said on the eve of the third anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks, that Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was probably dead.
A US soldier pleads guilty before a court martial in Baghdad to maltreating prisoners at Abu Ghraib jail.
Sept. 10, 2004 - One has to go all the way back to 1964 to find a year when Florida had three major hurricanes. Lyndon B. Johnson was in the White House.
Copyright officials recommended on Thursday that US law be amended so that companies that rely on copyright infringement to make a profit can be held liable for their actions.
On Wednesday, Nasa scientists watched in shock as their Genesis solar project ended in disaster.  quot;I can #39;t believe it quot; they all said.
Not allowing a 12-yard sack on third down with less than a minute to play, turning a potential game-tying 36-yard field goal into a 48-yarder.
Skipper Richard Staple insisted the USA had gained valuable experience in their 210-run Champions Trophy defeat by New Zealand at The Oval.
Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Gabriel Heinze is expected to finally make his debut for ninth-place Manchester United Saturday as the Red Devils travel to take on surprising Bolton.
Baseball fans let out a cheer when players cancelled their strike over the planned merger of the Osaka Kintetsu Buffaloes and Orix BlueWave.
Ryan Newman and Mark Martin did things to aid their causes Friday afternoon at Richmond International Raceway. But only the final tally after the checkered flag for the Chevy 
US Army Sgt. Charles Robert Jenkins -- accused of defecting to North Korea 39 years ago -- is back on active duty Saturday after voluntarily turning himself at a military base in Japan.
Thousands of Italians marched silently through Rome in a candlelit procession on Friday to demand the release of two female aid workers seized in Baghdad.
WASHINGTON - President Bush typically closes his campaign speeches by saying "none us will ever forget" the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks...
AP - Indonesian police found traces of the explosives used in the suicide bombing of the Australian Embassy inside a room rented by the two alleged bombmakers, the national police chief said Saturday.
The Patriots-Colts season opener Thursday night did a 26.8 rating (45 share) on Channel 5.
Browns running back Lee Suggs did not practice yesterday, leaving him doubtful for tomorrow's season opener against the Baltimore Ravens in Cleveland.
BROCKTON -- A new era? Nah. Just the same old Brockton coached by a different Colombo.
After tearing through the wrapping paper, Jim White, 17, of Decatur remembers Christina Aguilera #39;s face staring back at him from a CD cover.
Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash 
The latest instalment of the Burnout gaming franchise offers a good mix of speed and attitude.
Thirteen years ago, when Jennifer Capriati made her first US Open semifinal at age 15, she appeared headed for a long run of titles in her home Grand Slam.
NASA officials said today they were more optimistic about the possibilities for extricating some science from the battered Genesis space capsule.
Call it the unraveling of Javier Vazquez. When it was over, the New York Yankees had more than a 14-8 loss to the Baltimore Orioles to worry about.
Scientists have said since NASA #39;s Genesis crash-landed on the Utah desert Wednesday that all is not lost. Friday morning, following preliminary assessments 
A federal court today struck down a Pennsylvania state law requiring Internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to Web sites that contain child pornography.
Hurricane Ivan battered Jamaica today but the island is expected to escape the worst of the storms. Hundreds of British tourists and residents in the tropical paradise 
As part of political reforms, the Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah has said that he would reopen its parliament after it was suspended 20 years ago.
Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission's science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
The rookie John Van Benschoten allowed five hits in eight innings for his first major league victory, and the Pirates beat the Astros, 6-1, last night.
Families of British victims in the Sept. 11 terror attacks would gather at a memorial garden here on Saturday to commemorate the third anniversary of the tragic event.
In a speech at the Intel Developer Forum, Intel senior vice president Pat Gelsinger said that by outfitting the Internet with an overlay network of computational services made up of computing 
Hurricane Ivan has been pounding Jamaica with high winds and torrents of rain, causing flooding and power outages throughout the Caribbean island nation.
Intel Corp. #39;s dual-core strategy for mobile processors became a little clearer this week at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco, but questions remain 
This weekend, millions of Americans will be trying hard to forget the horror of the terrorist attacks that took place exactly three years ago.
The second round of the Canadian Open golf tournament continues Saturday Glenn Abbey Golf Club in Oakville, Ontario, after play was suspended late Friday due to darkness.
Finland scored twice in the third period Friday to advance to the finals of the World Cup of Ice Hockey with a 2-1 upset over defending champion the United States.
Once, not that long ago, the season opener between Florida State and Miami loomed as the biggest game of the 2004 college football season.
Four players, a coach and a basketall executive were enshrined Friday in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Mass.
Poland and Germany must rely on quiet diplomacy to close the book on the divisive issue of World War Two compensation, Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said on Saturday.
Millions of television viewers moved to the edge of their seats. Twenty three of the 24 players waited on tenterhooks, unable to influence the outcome.
Jenson Button is optimistic he can help BAR close in on second in the constructors #39; championship despite a disappointing qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza today.
A series of minor MyDoom worms released in the last 24 hours may be a harbinger of a bigger threat surfacing soon, a security analyst said Friday.
Reuters - Powerful regional Afghan commander Ismail\Khan was effectively dismissed as governor of Herat city\Saturday and declined a promotion to the cabinet of President\Hamid Karzai.
Georgetown withstands a second-half rally by Penn State to win, 66-53, in the first of two consecutive games against Big Ten opponents.
Ziff Davis - The judge in the Oracle antitrust trial gave little credence to Microsoft's testimony on the enterprise ERP market. And with good reason.
AP - President Bush marked the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks Saturday by warning of continued danger to the United States and pledging victory over international terror.
A search for a missing helicopter carrying a top Orthodox leader finds wreckage and bodies.
North Korea says it will not abandon its weapons programme after the South admitted nuclear activities.
A US lobby groups accuses Zimbabwe of preventing aid for those left homeless by its land programme.
Police in Thailand have stepped up their hunt for an officer wanted for the murder of two British backpackers.
Ferraris Brazilian driver took the fastest pole position in history while Fernando Alonso was fourth fastest.
Fernando fourth and Jarno ninth in qualifying for tomorrow's Italian Grand Prix.
British tourists returning from the Caribbean after witnessing Hurricane Ivan's 150mph winds describe their ordeal.
Family members clutching roses and bearing photos of the relatives they lost on Sept. 11 fell silent early Saturday to mark the third anniversary of the World Trade Center attack.
WASHINGTON - President Bush attended a prayer service and paid silent tribute at the White House in ceremonies Saturday marking the third anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks...
Michael Vaughan today dreamed of capping a spectacularly successful summer for England with an appearance in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy.
(Sports Network) - Livan Hernandez has 50 wins since the start of the 2001 season. Unfortunately for the powerful righthander, he hasn #39;t solved the Atlanta Braves.
WASHINGTON -- NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe said Wednesday the cost of fixing all the problems with the space shuttle fleet could top \$2.
Rubens Barrichello has set the fastest pole position time in the history of Formula One, claiming top spot for Ferrari in qualifying for the Italian Grand Prix.
Jose Mourinho is set to rest some of his jet-setting Chelsea stars against Aston Villa following the exertions of an international double-header.
AP - Pitcher Matt Ginter was placed on the 60-day disabled list by the New York Mets on Saturday and will have surgery Monday to remove bone chips from his right ankle.
Football legend Diego Maradona, who nearly died earlier this year with heart and lung problems, was rushed to hospital on Saturday with high blood pressure and a fever, medical sources said.
AP - Text of President Bush's radio address Saturday, as released by the White House:
The Herat governor replaced by Afghan President Hamid Karzai refuses his appointment to the cabinet.
It seems that the Republicans are, today at least, more adept at the black art of attack politics, according to historians and flummoxed Democratic partisans.
Despite an inevitable hammering by a powerful New Zealand outfit, USA skipper Richard Staple says his team are still positive and looking forward to taking on world champions Australia.
Three second-half goals keep Arsenal's unbeaten record alive in a controversial encounter.
Rubens Barrichello won the pole position for the Italian Grand Prix, a victory Ferrari fans had hoped would go to Michael Schumacher.
Australia will be intent on recording a comprehensive win over the United States when the teams meet tomorrow night in the ICC Champions Trophy after its main group rival in pool A, New 
Colin Montgomerie believes Europe #39;s team spirit can defeat USA - and their partisan fans - when the Ryder Cup starts this week in Oakland Hills, Michigan.
The International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors meets behind closed doors Monday to discuss whether failures by Iran and South Korea to fully declare nuclear experiments should go to the United Nations Security Council.
Brunei was laying out a lavish table yesterday for 5,000 high-powered guests to celebrate the marriage of its crown prince to a half 
Scientists and engineers are optimistic after having peeked inside the Genesis space capsule, which brought back bits of the Sun but crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday.
LONDON : Arsenal have pulled clear at the top of the Premiership table for the first time this season after producing a devastating change of gear to sink London rivals Fulham 3-0.
England #39;s cricket team has scored a 152 run win over Zimbabwe in their first match of the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions Trophy tournament in Edgbaston.
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador - El Salvador national soccer coach Juan Ramon Paredes was fired Saturday following two recent defeats in World Cup qualifying games.
Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State 17-10 Saturday.
The first American military intelligence specialist to stand trial in connection with the abuse of detainees at Abu Ghraib prison pleaded guilty here on Saturday to abusing prisoners.
Indonesian police on Saturday released security camera images of a truck bombing outside the Australian Embassy, and investigators found traces of explosives in a room rented by two Malaysian militants wanted in the blast.
A member of Sudan #39;s opposition Islamist Popular Congress has been tortured to death in detention by security forces, a party official says.
MANHATTAN, Kansas Fresno State pulled off its biggest win ever against a ranked team by downing number-13 Kansas City 45-to-21 in Manhattan.
Hundreds of Swedes paused outside a department store Saturday to remember their former foreign minister, a popular politician who was stabbed and killed by a mentally ill man while shopping one year ago.
Two people die as Hurricane Ivan wreaks havoc across Jamaica and heads for the Cayman Islands and Cuba.
Champions Arsenal extended their record unbeaten Premier League run to 45 games with a 3-0 win at Fulham on Saturday but title rivals Chelsea were held 0-0 at 
Carnell Williams ran for 122 yards and two touchdowns, and Ronnie Brown added 147 yards rushing to lead No. 18 Auburn past Mississippi State 43-14 on Saturday.
GLASGOW, Scotland -- Henri Camara scored twice as Celtic beat Dundee 3-0 to move eight points clear of Rangers in the Scottish Premier League.
Ed Hinkel made a diving, fingertip catch for a key touchdown and No. 16 Iowa stiffened on defense when it needed to most to beat Iowa State 17-10 Saturday.
As urbanites with rising incomes are demanding better air and water, the countryside is increasingly becoming a dumping ground.
The storm was continued today toward Florida, with the Cayman Islands and Cuba immediately in its sights.
Reuters - Drivers still learning how to talk\on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an\even more complex world.
AP - Illinois took an unusual route to the top of The Associated Press' men's college basketball poll.
A massive air-drop of paper birds to promote peace failed to halt violence in Thailand #39;s restive south, with a spate of new attacks yesterday.
Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf, front right, listens to a musical group at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, late Sunday, Dec. 5, 2004.
Redskins rookie Chris Cooley, an obscure third-round pick from Utah State, finds himself starting at H-back, a critical position in the offense installed by Joe Gibbs.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world.
Tennessee made three interceptions, including one in their own end zone and another returned 37 yards for a touchdown by Lamont Lamont Thompson.
A new statue is unveiled of Felix Dzerzhinsky, the man who founded the much-feared security services.
The ICC Champions Trophy continued to run to form on Saturday when England and India disposed of their respective African opponents with consummate ease.
Afghan leader Hamid Karzai has effectively tried to sideline a powerful regional rival by promoting him to cabinet minister less than a month before presidential elections on Oct. 9. Ismail 
AP - Minnesota right tackle Mike Rosenthal signed a six-year contract extension with the Vikings on Saturday.
Roger Federer sees off Tim Henman in straight sets to reach the US Open final.
Tennessee has three interceptions Saturday, including one in its own end zone and another returned 37 yards for a touchdown by Lamont Thompson, to down Miami, 17-7.
Paul Pinegar throws two touchdown passes to Matt Rivera and runs for another score as Fresno State dismantles No. 13 Kansas State, 45-21, Saturday.
Finland, a perfectly livable little European country with five million of the hardiest hockey fans this side of Moose Jaw, had an inferiority complex.
Prime Minister Helen Clark last night warned New Zealanders to stay away from Indonesia, saying Westerners there remained terrorist targets.
layers #39; shirts beat against their bodies like waves against a rock. The tennis ball often did a strange jig as it crossed the net.
The draw for the Third Round of the FA Cup has created a number of potential giant-killings - or more probably some bumper pay-days for several minnows of English football.
EVER since Ericsson invented Bluetooth in 1994, the concept of wireless connectivity has held the promise of changing the way we use machines very significantly.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Ryan Newman has pocketed 23 pole positions in his three-year NASCAR career. But perhaps none more important than Friday night #39;s pole-winning effort at Richmond International Raceway.
ATLANTA (Ticker) -- Now that they have ended their three-game losing streak, the Atlanta Braves can focus on winning another division title.
THEY had been urged to pray for a last-minute miracle as Hurricane Ivan, one of the most ferocious storms in Caribbean history, tore towards their vulnerable island.
The Greek Orthodox church was in mourning last night after a senior patriarch and three leading bishops were killed in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea.
JEDDAH, 12 September 2004 - Two small bombs left in stolen taxis exploded in Jeddah yesterday, both outside banks with foreign links.
p2pnet.net OT News:- The idea was for helicopter stunt pilots to catch the Genesis space capsule in mid-air and bring it gently back to earth.
If there were such a thing as a third-place play-off in Grand Slam tennis, you can rest assured that the American television networks would have opted to screen it yesterday evening 
Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 Saturday.
The Afghan government on Saturday announced the removal of the powerful governor of Herat, in western Afghanistan, one of the country #39;s longest standing warlords.
Verona - Saturday evening #39;s Serie A TIM 2004/05 curtain raiser between Chievo and Inter at the Bentegodi finished in a 2-2 draw.
Freshman Darius Walker had two fourth-quarter touchdowns and the Fighting Irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upsetting the eighth-ranked Wolverines 28-20 on Saturday.
Senior members of the ruling Saudi royal family have been accused of ultimate responsibility for the terrorist attack on the World Trade Centre that killed nearly 3000 people and sparked the worldwide war on terror.
Africa #39;s senior Greek Orthodox leader, Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria, Egypt, and a dozen other religious officials were killed Saturday when a helicopter carrying 
&lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Intel needs attitude adjustment
A classy free kick from Real Madrid #39;s David Beckham and smart goals from Barcelona new boys Ludovic Giuly and Henrik Larsson allowed both teams to maintain their 
Italian champions AC Milan and title challengers Inter Milan were both held to 2-2 draws against unfancied opponents as the Serie A season got off to a surprising start on Saturday.
The British prime minister and the leader of the opposition are both to sound the alarm over climate change.
A protest ends in violence in western Herat amid a struggle between President Karzai and the local governor.
Iranian police arrest two men suspected of murdering several children and burying their bodies in the desert. 
Orlando Hernandez allowed one run and two walks in becoming the first Yankee starter to open the season 8-0 since Bob Wickman in 1993.
Freshman Darius Walker had two fourth-quarter touchdowns and the Fighting Irish renewed hope for a turnaround season by upsetting the eighth-ranked Wolverines.
While reports that North Korea is preparing to test a nuclear weapon are warranting White House attention, intelligence agencies are divided over their significance.
Bryan Randall throws for 253 yards and two touchdowns and Virginia Tech snaps a four-game losing streak with a 63-0 win over Western Michigan on Saturday.
Quarterback Aaron Polanco scores three touchdowns and rushes for 143 yards Saturday to lead Navy to a 28-24 win over Northeastern.
Coaches league-wide are wondering why the NFL's schedule-makers put five games between division rivals on the opening weekend.
When the men's champion is decided Sunday at Arthur Ashe Stadium, the season's two hottest players, Roger Federer and Lleyton Hewitt, will be doing the swinging.
A home run by Rafael Palmeiro was the only blemish on Orlando Hernndez's seven innings. He gave up four other hits, two walks and struck out four.
Freshman Darius Walker ran for 115 yards and scored two touchdowns, helping revive an Irish offense that had managed just one touchdown in the season's first six quarters.
Scientists said on Monday they have come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower when thrown away. Materials company Pvaxx Research  amp; Development, at 
com September 8, 2004, 5:28 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
One of the factors that the decriers of the St Leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.
Just about. The only time on record that anything like this happened before was in 1947, when two hurricanes and one tropical storm hit Florida within five weeks.
With a burst of speed, Darius Walker sprinted around right end and ran untouched into the south end zone for a 6-yard touchdown Saturday.
OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- Nick Swisher and Bobby Crosby kept the Oakland Athletics alone in first place for at least another day.
Paul S. Otellini, the probable new chief of Intel, may have to lead the chip manufacturer in an industry where the race may be for creativity, not speed.
A ceremony to honour those who died in Chile's  military coup ends in violence between protesters and police. 
LONDON: New Zealand crushed a plucky United States team by 210 runs as the ICC Champions Trophy cricket tournament got off to an explosive and predictably wet start on Friday.
The Caribbean nation of Jamaica became the second major victim of Hurricane Ivan yesterday as waves the height of two-storey houses and 155mph winds smashed into the island.
AP - On the third anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks, the victims were remembered and honored in sporting events around the country and the world.
Like a latter-day Ellis Island, the National Tennis Center bristled with overseas energy, overseas hopes, overseas dreams.
Two people were reported killed in a protest over Afghan President Karzai #39;s decision to replace a powerful provincial governor.
AP - David Greene struggled early but finished with 213 yards passing and two touchdown passes, to lead No. 3 Georgia to a 20-16 victory over South Carolina on Saturday.
AP - Adam Dunn hit a grand slam in a seven-run third inning, leading the Cincinnati Reds over the Milwaukee Brewers 9-0 Saturday night.
washingtonpost.com - It's amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition.
AP - NASA scientists said they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable information about the origins of the solar system.
AP - The astronauts aboard the international space station got their broken oxygen generator running after three tries Friday, but the machine shut down again after barely an hour of operation.
Reuters - A stroke that robbed a woman of her\dreams may help pinpoint where and how dreams are born in the\brain, scientists said on Friday.
World leading microchip developer Intel says the Internet needs a radical overhaul to make itself more powerful. Intel #39;s chief technology officer, Pat Gelsinger, notes that 
One of the leading figures in the Greek Orthodox Church, the Patriarch of Alexandria Peter VII, has been killed in a helicopter crash in the Aegean Sea.
JIDDAH, Saudi Arabia - Al-Arabiya TV on Saturday reported that an explosion took place outside the Saudi-American Bank in Red Sea city of Jiddah.
Two people have been killed in clashes between troops and stone-throwing protesters angered by President Hamid Karzai effectively axing a regional governor.
The mass murderers who seized the school in Beslan, Russia, this month committed one of the most heinous acts of terrorism in world history.
BASRA: A car bomb exploded near the US embassy office in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday, killing two people and wounding three, but no Americans were injured.
MADRID: A stunning first-half free kick from David Beckham gave Real Madrid a 1-0 win over newly promoted Numancia at the Bernabeu last night.
Cardinals head coach Dennis Green returns the starting quarterback job to his first choice, Josh McCown, for Sunday's game against San Francisco.
Illinois is expected to announce the hiring of former Florida head coach Ron Zook on Tuesday.
Southern Miss converted four of the Cornhuskers' five turnovers into points, beating Nebraska 21-17 Saturday to become the first nonconference opponent to win in Lincoln since 1991.
The Athletics end their five-game losing skid in dramatic fashion on Saturday, rallying from a 4-0 deficit to beat the Indians 5-4.
Ravens Coach Brian Billick said the team needs to improve in all areas after a 27-26 loss to Cincinnati, in which they blew a 17-point.
AP - John Kerry suggested Saturday night that Republicans may try to keep black voters from casting their ballots to help President Bush win in November.
A series  of explosions rock  Iraq's capital as smoke is seen rising above the zone housing US and Iraqi offices. 
Two wins over top 15 schools catapults No. 21 George Washington into the top 25 for the first time since 1998 with some newfound respect in tow.
A big explosion rocked a northern province of  North Korea last week, South Korean media are reporting. 
The task was clear for Jeremy Mayfield: Win the race and don #39;t worry about the race to make NASCAR #39;s playoffs. Mission accomplished.
Redskins quarterback Patrick Ramsey is still adjusting to his role in Coach Joe Gibbs ball-control offense that features short passes.
55 members of the media in Philippines have been murdered since the reintroduction of press freedom following the ouster Marcos in 1986.
The Venezuelan government approved on Saturday 1 million US dollars in humanitarian relief for Grenada, where at least 24 people were killed and 90 percent of houses damaged by Hurricane Ivan.
Three skinny urchins, covered in sand from head to toe, arrived here at a base camp of the rebel Sudan Liberation Army the other day.
AP - Three U.S. Open chair umpires were dismissed from the tournament after an investigation into their improper handling of credentials at the Olympics.
Nearly 40 years after he allegedly defected to communist North Korea, US Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins was back in uniform Saturday, billeted on this American 
TOKYO : Japan is set to propose the partial lifting of a ban on imports of American beef to United States authorities, a news report said.
AFP - A top minister said that Australia's military involvement in Iraq may have helped make it a terrorist target, three days after a deadly bombing at its Jakarta embassy.
Union delegates gather for the annual TUC conference in Brighton for what could be the last congress before the general election.
Separatists have received support from international Islamic groups, but they remain indigenous and largely self-sustaining.
Hurricane Ivan continued on Saturday toward Florida, with the Cayman Islands and Cuba immediately in its sights.
England captain David Beckham and former Celtic favourite Henrik Larsson scored winning goals for their respective teams to put Real Madrid and Barcelona on top of the Spanish league.
Just when it looked like this World Cup of Hockey might be bereft of any entertainment value whatsoever, a terrific game broke out last night at the Air Canada Centre.
Chad Henne #39;s freshman orientation came off largely without a hitch. If his first road trip is as smooth, Michigan could be on its way to a special season.
The final berths for the revolutionary new playoffs will be determined in a deeply traditional way, slam-banging around a short track on a Saturday night.
Today residents of Hong Kong will go to the polls to participate in what remains of its fragmented and suppressed democratic system.
AP - The secretary of state ordered an unprecedented statewide hand recount Monday in the closest gubernatorial race in state history.
The Giants are not exactly fearing their game in Philadelphia on this first Sunday of the N.F.L. season. In many ways, they relish it.
 SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge blast three days ago in North  Korea was unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons test, South  Korea's unification minister said on Sunday.
No. 3-ranked Georgia rallies from 16 points down behind David Greene's 213 yards and two touchdown passes to beat South Carolina, 20-16, on Saturday night.
Chelsea dropped its first points of the season when it was held to a goalless draw by a combative Aston Villa side at Villa Park yesterday.
Hurricane Ivan has strengthened to a Category 5 storm after battering the island of Jamaica with heavy rain and strong winds, killing 11 people.
After a campaign marred by scandal and alleged intimidation, the people of Hong Kong voted Sunday under gray skies in legislative elections that could give pro-democracy 
Barry Bonds set a record Saturday night that no one cared to see. For the 199th time this season, he took ball four.
Before Friday night #39;s semifinal in the World Cup of Hockey, coach Raimo Summanen of Finland and coach Ron Wilson of the US discussed different opponents.
An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins offense didnt give them much trouble, either.
Police suspect the bomb attack on the Australian embassy in Indonesia was a suicide operation and that up to three militants may have died in the blast, a senior commander said.
Trends in Iraq seem to be moving in two different directions these days. The guerrilla war between the United States and insurgents continues, with mounting clashes and casualties.
Open-source geeks are devout in their belief that software should be free to all, and hold as their icon the Linux alternative to the Microsoft commercial empire.
The State Departments rollout of technology to capture biometric data from visa applicants has progressed more quickly than expected and the department will meet its Sept.
ORLANDO - Missing: The University of Central Florida football team #39;s defense. If found, please contact head coach George O #39;Leary.
The Tigers fell again to a manufactured Minnesota run Saturday night, but what they needed more was manufactured health. While the Tigers lost a 3-2 decision to the Twins 
The transition has been hazardous for poor Iraqis, but members of Iraq's merchant class face risks of their own.
The US Department of Homeland Security has announced an important change that will affect many Canadian residents who travel on passports from other countries.
Sure, there was a quarterback controversy at Boston College. Nothing new there. Head coach Tom O #39;Brien had two choices, two seniors, Paul Peterson or Quinton Porter.
There #39;s little question that the Czechs were the better team in their World Cup of Hockey semifinal game against Canada on Saturday.
The shock here was not just from the awful fact itself, that two vibrant young Italian women were kidnapped in Iraq, dragged from their office by attackers who, it seems, knew their names.
IBM Corp. will spend more than \$1 million to help fund a Linux technology center in Brazil. The center, created in conjunction with the Brazilian government 
Microsoft is doubling the number of months that corporate customers can block automatic delivery of Windows XP Service Pack 2. The company on Tuesday altered its policy for preventing the automatic download 
Its too bad a lockout is days away in the NHL. Hockey like Saturdays dramatic 4-3 Canadian victory over the Czech Republic displays the sport at its best.
Hong Kong residents voted on Sunday in a legislative election seen as a referendum on greater democracy and a test of popularity for China #39;s communist rulers in the former British colony.
There was a little less than five minutes left when receiver Gerald Smith threw his helmet down in frustration on the Penn State sideline.
AP - The latest, unofficial returns in the Republican primaries for Governor in Delaware. The winner is marked by an 'x'.
Summary - (Sep 11, 2004) NASA #39;s Terra satellite took this photograph of Hurricane Ivan as it roared past the island of Jamaica on Saturday.
It takes a lion #39;s share of guts and bravado to provoke Michigan #39;s receiving corps, especially for a defensive back without any career interceptions.
When the Tennessee Titans were forced to start the season 24 hours early because of Hurricane Ivan, their defense was ready. Unfazed by the scrambled 
A record-setting start against Minnesota put the Charlotte Sting alone atop the Eastern Conference. Tammy Sutton-Brown added 10 points for the Sting, who beat the Lynx 
JAKARTA, Indonesia Indonesian police have warned residents to expect more suicide attacks in the capital after a truck bombing Thursday killed nine people and wounded more than 170.
An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins #39; offense didn #39;t give them much trouble, either.
The British Cayman Islands are preparing for the arrival of Hurricane Ivan after it devastated Jamaica, claiming at least 14 lives.
London: Meticulous preparation and attention to detail will characterise Bernhard Langers captaincy when his European team defend the Ryder Cup against the US at Oakland Hills next week.
Barry Bonds broke his major league record for walks in a season and rookie Noah Lowry allowed four hits in seven innings plus last night in the San Francisco Giants 
Heading into extra innings on Saturday, both the Phillies and Mets collected nine runs on 11 hits, a fitting tribute on what became an otherwise bizarre day at Shea Stadium.
(Article Central) Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP Service Pack 2 from downloading automatically, giving them until next April to test the update.
Maine had five interceptions in a 38-0 victory over Northern Colorado last night, returning two of the pickoffs for touchdowns.
MIAMI -- Although Chris Rix's fumble overshadowed Xavier Beitia's blocked field goal, Florida State coach Bobby Bowden will remember them both.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Mike Nugent's 55-yard field goal as time expired gave ninth-ranked Ohio State a 24-21 victory over Marshall yesterday.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Notre Dame found a familiar way to make its problems go away -- beat Michigan.
AMHERST -- Revenge was the theme of the night when the University of Massachusetts hosted Colgate at McGuirk Stadium last night.
Syria and the Palestine Liberation Organisation opened a new chapter in their often turbulent ties today, saying they wanted to coordinate their efforts to make peace with Israel.
The fearsome threesome of North Andover , Watertown , and Amesbury will again prove that the Division 2 label doesn't indicate second-rate field hockey.
NEW YORK -- Whom do we blame for what happened last night -- a Russian woman Svetlana Kuznetsova taking home the US Open tennis championship?
Cricket has a colorful vocabulary, with terms worthy of Monty Python. Bail -- one of the wooden crosspieces that sit atop the set of stumps to form a wicket.
MIAMI -- When the Tennessee Titans were forced to start the season 24 hours early because of Hurricane Ivan, their defense was ready.
Jose Maria Lopez lost what would have been the best result of his rookie FIA F3000 season when he was pitched into a spectacular accident after his front wing fell off.
KAIPING, China -- In this city and many others in China, senior officials are embezzling tens of millions of dollars and fleeing overseas with their families.
WASHINGTON -- President Bush has ordered a partial cut in US assistance to Venezuela because of its alleged role in the international trafficking of women and children for sexual exploitation.
AP - Demonstrators broke into a U.N. compound in the western city of Herat on Sunday, a day after the Afghan government fired the city's warlord governor.
Rubens Barrichello will start tomorrow #39;s Italian Grand Prix at Monza from pole position after setting the fastest time in final qualifying of 1 minute 20.
Smart pit strategy puts Jeremy Mayfield in the driver #39;s seat, while other contenders drop out. By BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer.
The cap, glove, water cooler and bag of paper cups Billy Wagner left in his wake on the Shea Stadium field Saturday explained how he felt about his premature exit.
Iran on Sunday rejected European demands it halt its pursuit of nuclear technology but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances it would not use that technology to build atomic weapons.
DNA testing, the same technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations, is increasingly being used to verify canine bloodline claims.
Rubens Barrichello topped a record-breaking qualifying session at Monza with the fastest ever lap in Formula One to grab pole position for today #39;s Italian Grand Prix.
The capital of an Afghanistan #39;s western province was engulfed in tension as demonstrators loyal toformer governor of Herat province looted and burned local army barracks and UN 
RICHMOND, Va. - The highest-stakes midseason race in NASCAR history shuffled playoff contenders in and out of the top 10 all night.
The Salvadoran Soccer Federation fired national team coach Juan Ramon Paredes following two humiliating defeats in recent World Cup qualifiers, the federation said Saturday.
Online health advice for people with diabetes is often too complex to understand, research suggests.
Alecko Eskandarian had two goals and Jaime Moreno three assists, leading D.C. United to a 3-0 win over the Dallas Burn yesterday at Washington.
ST. PAUL -- The finality of losing usually leaves the vanquished searching for answers. Not the United States hockey team.
The task was clear for Jeremy Mayfield: Win the race and don't worry about the race to make NASCAR's playoffs.
Brazilian Rubens Barrichello led a Ferrari one-two in the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday to trigger a homecoming party for the Formula One champions.
Australia are out to flex their muscles against part-timers USA at the Rose Bowl tomorrow and show the world they are serious about winning the ICC Champions Trophy for the first time.
Move over, David Carr and the 2001 Fresno State gang of lore. This year #39;s team is quickly making its own mark in the college football world.
Throngs of residents headed for polling places here on Sunday in legislative elections widely seen as a referendum on relations with mainland China.
Strong explosions have shaken central Baghdad and heavy fighting has erupted in a street notorious as a rebel stronghold. The interim Iraqi government and US forces 
 TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran Sunday rejected European demands it  abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its  readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are  entirely peaceful.
Hurricane Ivan is battering the Cayman Islands after moving on from Jamaica where it killed at least 14 people.
The soaring cost of the 2004 Olympic Games looks set to drive Greece deep into debt, its prime minister warns.
Rubens Barrichello leads home Michael Schumacher to seal a Ferrari one-two at the Italian Grand Prix.
Almost 300,000 civil servants will be balloted for a one-day national strike\against government plans to cut jobs.
Singer Alicia Keys cancels a show in Jakarta following last week's bomb attack in the Indonesian capital.
AP - Hundreds of Pakistanis jailed for fighting alongside the Taliban were released from an Afghan prison Sunday  #151; a major gesture meant to better strained relations between the neighboring countries.
Ghostzapper may have shown as much winning Saturday #39;s Grade 1, \$500,000 Woodward by a neck than he did winning previous stakes by open lengths.
Hurricane Ivan moved steadily toward the Cayman Islands and western Cuba Sunday morning with the potential to cause catastrophic damage.
Will the deadly bombing of the Australian Embassy in Jakarta create a  quot;Madrid effect quot; in elections Down Under? The Oct. 9 vote is being hotly contested.
Reuters - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are\aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Reuters - Iran Sunday rejected European demands it\abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its\readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are\entirely peaceful.
Namibia orders the deportation of about 400 textile workers after a dispute over working conditions.
 NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
A remote Mars life-detection strategy is being tested in the fjords of Scandanavia, with a goal of eventually identifying even a single biological cell hiding in the rugged landscape.
Captain Ricky Ponting has questioned how much smaller teams can benefit from playing against the top teams in the ICC Champions Trophy.
Padraig Harrington took advantage of a huge mistake by Graeme McDowell to move into a share of the lead with nine holes to play at the Linde German Masters in Cologne today.
IBM next week will begin shipping the second generation of its rack-mounted dual processor servers based on Advanced Micro Devices #39; Opteron microprocessor.
Graeme Smith led South Africa to a thumping nine-wicket victory over Bangladesh in their ICC Champions Trophy Group B match in Birmingham on Sunday.
The surgeon who treated a young Jakarta blast victim fears the five-year-old may have paralysis, reports Connie Levett from Singapore.
Hurricane Ivan, with wind speeds near 155 mph, is approaching Grand Cayman and moving toward Cuba, as Florida residents brace for a third storm to hit the state in a month.
Chipmaking giant Intel Corporation believes that its future lies in dual-core chips. Speaking at last weeks Intel Developer Forum here, Intel President and COO Paul Otellini 
NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center (KSC) will reopen Monday Sept. 13 to all 14,000 employees. KSC has been closed for normal business since Sept.
Feeley played well enough coming off the bench in the Dolphins #39; season-opening loss to earn a start this week at Cincinnati, coach Dave Wannstedt said Sunday.
A curfew has been imposed on the Afghan city of Herat after protests over the sacking of former governor Ismail Khan, local television reports said.
A US envoy said Sunday that American military experts might work alongside Syrians to stop militants crossing the Syrian-Iraqi border to fight coalition forces.
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini will travel to the Mideast in an effort to free two female aid workers taken hostage in Iraq, the ministry announced today.
Italian police have apprehended more than 650 illegal immigrants in southern Italy in what is reported to be one of the largest daily influxes of third world migrants.
AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers receiver Joey Galloway strained a groin muscle in the second quarter of Sunday's game against the Washington Redskins and the team said he would not return.
AP - Toronto ace Roy Halladay threw 25 pitches Sunday during his second simulated game in four days.
AP - For environmentalists hoping to turn anger at President Bush into electoral votes for John Kerry, the biggest and perhaps only field of dreams is a nuclear waste dump site in Nevada.
Hurricane Ivan looks set to cost tour operators as they race to get customers out of harm's way, though future bookings may not suffer too much.
A curfew is put on the Afghan city of Herat after protests at the sacking of its former governor, TV reports say.
Roger Federer will go for his third Grand Slam title of 2004 against Lleyton Hewitt at the US Open on Sunday.
Australia's main political leaders clash over the country's role in Iraq, ahead of next month's general election.
AMD uses a technology called PowerNow to control power supply to the processor depending upon how much of the processing power is being used.
IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
During its bi-annual Developers Forum in San Francisco this week, the chipmaker focused on promoting its next-generation Itanium and Xeon processors.
Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello admitted he was relieved after his race strategy earned him his first victory of the season at the Italian Grand Prix.
Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes finished second on her return to action in the 1500m at the final Golden League meeting of 2004 in Berlin on Sunday.
Norwich City climbed out of the bottom three and Tottenham maintained their unbeaten start to the start to the season in a 0-0 draw notable for some fine goalkeeping and defending.
Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United States believes a recent explosion in North Korea was, in his words, not a nuclear event.
Democrats are vowing to roll back a sharp increase in premiums announced this month, and the Bush campaign is seeking to blame lawmakers for the rise.
Hurricane Ivan lost some strength as it hit the Cayman Islands and Cuba but was still capable of causing tremendous damage.
KABUL, Afghanistan - Demonstrators stormed U.N. compounds and stoned U.S...
Trend Micro has announced the up coming availability of Trend Micro Mobile Security for UIQ in January 2005, with a free trial to June.
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - A mushroom-shaped cloud was seen in North Korea last Thursday following a large explosion, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.
Reuters - Investors are expected to focus on oil\prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the\slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
Grunting tennis pro. Evil brat. Marie Antoinette. What kind of roles are these for a young, blond Hollywood ingnue?
MICHAEL Vaughan last night dreamed of capping a spectacularly successful summer for England with an appearance in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy.
SEATTLE (Ticker) -- The surging Boston Red Sox attempt to win their seventh straight series when they conclude a four-game set against the Seattle Mariners on Sunday.
Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital 
NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson announced on Friday that they will begin implementing new anti piracy technology to weed out video piracy.
Poor tackling, missed opportunities and turnovers plagued Illinois through a 1-11 season last year and all were factors again in Saturday #39;s 35-17 loss to UCLA.
AP - Investors will be looking to consumer spending in the coming week on Wall Street, as the government releases figures on consumer prices and retail sales and major retailers release earnings reports.
The Environmental Protection Agency is expected to decide by Wednesday whether automobile emissions tests could be mandatory for communities in the metropolitan area.
A consortium of companies wants to build on the progress of the Serial ATA hard drive interface in PCs by creating a similar offering for consumer electronics devices.
Berlin, Germany - Soon after claiming athletics #39; biggest single financial award this year, Christian Olsson offered perhaps the understatement of the year.
Crowds filled downtown Jerusalem to protest at the proposed pullout, most of them Orthodox Jews. A huge banner behind the stage set the theme: Disengagement tears the people apart.
AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur and the European Union said after a ministerial meeting Sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free-trade agreement on time.
AP - Rosie Gacioch, whose baseball experiences during the World War II era helped inspire the 1992 movie "A League of Their Own," died at 89.
AP - With as well as No. 18 Purdue is playing right now, it appears there is only one thing that can slow down these Boilermakers  #151; the bye.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - There was a moment before the last federal election when medicare reform became more than just a campaign promise for Prime Minister Paul Martin.
The British advertising agency WPP Group said today that it had won the bidding for Grey Global Group, the world #39;s last large independent advertising 
London, England (Sports Network) - Tottenham remained unbeaten by drawing with Norwich Sunday, 0-0, in the only Premiership fixture of the day.
NEW YORK -- When Yelena Dementyeva lost to fellow Russian Anastasia Myskina in the French Open final in June, she could barely hold back the tears.
Up to seven supporters of an ousted Afghan governor have been killed and 20 wounded in clashes with police and US troops in the western city 
AP - Georgia's depth and defense kept the Bulldogs unbeaten.
The South American trade bloc Mercosur and the European Union said after a ministerial meeting Sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free-trade agreement on time.
In the old days in Japan, a merger between two banks would have been quietly brokered behind closed doors. But the current clash between two major Japanese banks over competing 
Scientists are hopeful they can retrieve particles of solar wind from a capsule that crashed in the desert last week. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
MICROSOFT is working on technology that will give companies more control over whether to prohibit devices that can easily be used to transfer data to and from personal computers.
TV broadcasts to the mobile phone moved a step nearer reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co-operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
Cisco Systems announced it is acquiring NetSolve, which provides real-time monitoring of the performance of corporate data networks.
US communications regulators insisted on Thursday that the United States was making progress in rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
WASHINGTON - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
Nearly two dozen dead sea turtles have washed up on Maryland and Delaware beaches in the past 10 days. At least nine of the animals, which are among six endangered 
Padraig Harrington of Ireland exceeded his and Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer #39;s expectations yesterday when he claimed the German Masters title with an 11th-hour return to form.
Tottenham Hotspur missed the chance to climb to third in English soccer #39;s Premiership after a 0-0 draw at home against newly promoted Norwich.
Arsenal stretched its unbeaten run in the English Premier League to 45 games, while Real Madrid and FC Barcelona stayed perfect in the Spanish league.
Yesterday #39;s 0-0 draw at Hearts left Rangers fourth behind Aberdeen and Kilmarnock and without an away goal in three league games.
JAKARTA - Indonesian police on Sunday reenacted Thursday #39;s car bomb attack in front of the Australian Embassy that killed nine people and injured 182 others.
Before the tragedy of Beslan, Vladimir Putin lived in a vibrant young democracy. Voters gave a Kremlin-backed party an overwhelming mandate in parliamentary elections in December, and 
A US envoy on a Middle East tour said Sunday that America has suggested having its military experts work alongside Syrians to stop militants from crossing the Syrian-Iraqi border 
Simona Torretta and Simona Pari share the same first name, the same age, the same job and the same dedication to the Iraqi people.
Palermo, Sicily Almost 800 illegal immigrants arrived in southern Italy aboard only three boats Sunday in one of the largest influxes of refugees that Italy has seen in a single day.
 ROME (Reuters) - Simona Torretta and Simona Pari share the  same first name, the same age, the same job and the same  dedication to the Iraqi people.
Democracy candidates picked up at least one more seat in parliament, according to exit polls.
Presidential campaigning in Afghanistan is shadowed by a new insurgent group plan for disruptions.
Japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell by the most in three months, allaying concern higher fuel costs will slow global economic growth.
Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison took home \$3.85 million in salary and bonuses in fiscal 2004, according to a Friday filing with securities regulators.
Italy is urging Libya to tackle the swelling flow of illegal migrants as hundreds more land on Italian shores. 
A conference on genetically-modified crops opens in Germany with calls for Europe to take up GM foods.
THE US will pursue sanctions against Iran if Tehran does not renounce its quest for nuclear weapons, a top US official said today.
A US court martial in Baghdad has sentenced a soldier to eight months in jail for maltreating and conspiring to maltreat Iraqi detainees.
MONZA, Italy Those who did not see the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday will not be surprised to hear that Ferrari finished first and second for the eighth time this season.
Christian Olsson of Sweden and Tonique Williams-Darling of the Bahamas split the \$1 million-US Golden League bonus by winning their events at the ISTAF athletics meet Sunday.
Bartolo Colon pitched seven sharp innings, Garret Anderson drove in three runs and the Anaheim Angels beat the Chicago White Sox 11-0 Sunday.
TEHRAN: France, Britain and Germany proposing a November deadline for Iran to dispel concern that it has a covert atom bomb program.
The company's announcement followed workers' refusal to accept \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts to lower costs.
China will be the third largest advertising economy by 2011, beating the UK and Germany, according to a report published yesterday.
AP - Barry Bonds hit his 699th home run, and the San Francisco Giants regained the NL wild-card lead with a 5-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sunday.
AP - Martin Brodeur casually strolled through Canada's dressing room on Sunday with a noticeable wrap on his injured left wrist.
Early holiday wishes. Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) is looking to unwrap its blockbuster gift a year ahead of schedule.
AP - Ten years after it was born out of the carnage of three California mass shootings, the federal assault weapons ban is fading out of existence Monday.
An ongoing battle between Pakistani forces and suspected al Qaeda fighters Sunday in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan has left six suspected terrorists and 12 Pakistani forces dead, two government officials told 
Crude oil futures may rise in New York on speculation Hurricane Ivan could disrupt output from platforms in the Gulf of Mexico as the storm nears the US mainland this week.
Shaun Alexander scores three touchdowns on Sunday to get the Seahawks off to a good road-season start with a 21-7 victory over the New Orleans Saints.
Zero turnovers and an efficient 17-for-24 day with two touchdowns for Drew Brees enables San Diego to score a 27-20 triumph over the Texans in Houston.
Gil Meche pitches a five-hitter for his second career shutout and Raul Ibanez hits a two-run shot to lead Seattle over Boston 2-0 Sunday.
Charlotte opens the game with a WNBA-record 21 straight points in the Sting's 60-50 win over the Minnesota Lynx on Saturday night.
Ireland #39;s Padraig Harrington demonstrated his return to form five days before the Ryder Cup, with victory in the German Masters on Sunday.
A conference on genetically-modified crops opens in Germany with calls for Europe to take up GM foods.
Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United Nations Security Council may ultimately have to deal with questions surrounding Iran #39;s nuclear program.
Swiss maestro Roger Federer has produced a devastating display of tennis to crush Lleyton Hewitt in a one-sided US Open final at Flushing Meadows.
Crystal Robinson scored 16 points and Becky Hammon had 15 to rally the New York Liberty over the last-place San Antonio Silver Stars 64-62 on Sunday.
ROME - Almost 1,000 illegal immigrants have arrived at a southern Italian island over the weekend. Most are believed to be from North Africa.
A top NASA official said Thursday that scientists examining the remains of the crashed Genesis space capsule have peeked inside a broken canister containing atoms 
For years, programmers at Microsoft and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
CHINA Life, China #39;s largest life insurer, might start investing in overseas financial markets before the end of the year, state media reported yesterday.
Oil supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue-chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts that Wall Street #39;s year-end rally would continue.
The Connecticut Sun spoiled Sue Bird #39;s return Sunday and pulled into first place in the process. Bird had nine points, seven assists and five rebounds in front of her former hometown 
Hong Kong's pro-democracy parties are on course to net fewer seats  than expected in legislative elections.
Ten days ago, the European Commission made an extremely significant decision on the Stability and Growth Pact, which lays down the principles of economic policy for states belonging to the euro bloc.
Under new federal legislation called the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, also called Check 21, the time taken for checks to clear will be much quicker than in the past.
Economists are facing a busy week ahead as most of the key monthly UK economic data is released. The Producer Price Index for August is published today, and economists 
Jeff Garcia passed for one touchdown and ran for another to lead the Cleveland Browns to a 20-3 win over the Baltimore Ravens in his first game with the team.
Players to watch  Michael Vick is back after missing last season with a broken leg. 49ers going with Tim Rattay, who threw 6 TD passes vs.
Fabio Capello #39;s reign as Juventus coach began in ominous fashion for the rest of Italy as the Turin giants claimed a convincing triumph at Brescia.
Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers and their supporters yesterday took part in a right-wing demonstration in Jerusalem #39;s Zion Square.
Culpepper threw a career-high five touchdown passes, two to Randy Moss, and led the Vikings to a 35-17 victory over the Cowboys on Sunday afternoon.
Brescia, Italy (Sports Network) - New acquisition Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored in his debut as Juventus dominated Brescia 3-0 Sunday.
Kelly Holmes lost a race and broke into a radiant smile. But then you can do that kind of thing when you are a double Olympic champion.
ARSENAL pulled clear at the top of the English Premier League table for the first time this season after producing a devastating change of gear to sink London rival Fulham 3-0 yesterday.
BAGHDAD: At least 110 people have been killed across Iraq in a sharp escalation of violence that saw gun battles, car bombs and bombardments rock the capital.
The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog is meeting in Vienna on Monday to consider a European draft resolution aimed at addressing concern about Iran #39;s nuclear programme.
Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister told British media in an interview published on Monday he wanted elections to go ahead as planned in January even if violence prevented some Iraqis from voting.
When scientists studied babies #39; hearing they found the left ear was more attuned to music and the right better at picking up speech-like sounds.
Quentin Griffin rushed for 156 yards and scored three touchdowns to lead the Denver Broncos to a 34-24 win over the Kansas City Chiefs.
Perhaps perspective had returned to the Ryder Cup after the unfortunate fan abuse directed at the European team at The Country Club near Boston in 1999 and the inappropriate celebration by American 
The City of Brotherly Love does not shower affection as freely as its moniker suggests. Philadelphia fanatics booed when the Eagles took quarterback Donovan McNabb second overall 
In his first major quarterback decision of the season, Dave Wannstedt went for the safe choice. On Sunday, the Miami Dolphins coach went for the obvious one.
Plenty of goals came courtesy of new summer signings in the Premiership Saturday but, despite an air of fresh promise abounding, there was still a familiar feel to proceedings.
Cleveland 20, Baltimore 3: So much for the Ravens being a hot pick to return to the Super Bowl. What happened to their dominant defense?
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is preparing to meet in Vienna on Wednesday in an unfamiliar and uncomfortable mood: helplessness.
The central bank is likely to keep interest rates at historical lows for now amid worries about weakening demand for electronics goods in the second half, economists said yesterday.
Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.
A senior United States trade official strongly suggested that the Bush administration will move in coming weeks to limit imports of Chinese clothing, opening a new front 
US investment manager Capital Group Companies Inc has increased its stake in the nation #39;s largest carrier, Qantas Airways, to 10.
New York - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about revenues could weigh on stocks.
Cayman Islanders clambered onto rooftops and kitchen tables Sunday to escape surging the floodwaters of Hurricane Ivan. A monster storm packing 150 mph (240 kph) winds 
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said opponents of his proposal to evacuate settlements in the Gaza Strip and West Bank must stop inciting the military and security forces to reject the withdrawal plan.
The US military launched a major pre-dawn assault Sunday to wrest the northern city of Tall Afar from insurgents but encountered almost no resistance, leaving uncertain 
As many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest Saturday on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that led Augusto Pinochet to power.
At least 110 people were killed across Iraq yesterday in a sharp escalation of violence that saw gun battles, car bombs and bombardments rock the capital.
Kelly Holmes has admitted to mixed feelings about her future as it dawns on her that she will never be able to top winning two Olympic gold medals.
Ray Evernham was fighting the thick air of tension with every step on pit road. Up ahead, Mark Martin sat in his car ready to vomit -- but more on that later.
Scientists have salvaged intact materials from the Genesis space probe that crashed in the Utah desert last week after its parachutes failed to deploy, the US space agency said.
The Washington Redskins made Joe Gibbs homecoming a festive occasion Sunday, combining an offensive bolt of lightning and a thunderous, suffocating 
Coach Dave Wannstedt made official on Sunday what everyone suspected: AJ Feeley will start at quarterback for the Dolphins for the Week 2 game at Cincinnati.
BM plans to announce today that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups. The move is a tactical step by International Business Machines 
Adrian Fernandez overcame an equipment failure that turned his pit stops into mini-marathons, made a key pass of Bryan Herta and then held all challengers at bay Sunday for 
Tottenham Hotspur were left to rue missed chances after being held to a 0-0 draw by Premier League newcomers Norwich City at White Hart Lane on Sunday.
Jeremy Mayfield had one very big incentive for winning Saturday #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400 at Richmond International Raceway.
Mexico closes three rehab centres and deports nearly 600 US teenagers having treatment for being there illegally. 
With a third hurricane bearing down on Florida, thousands spent the weekend uncertain whether, when or where to flee.
Moves to harmonise corporate tax systems across the European Union are to be resuscitated, despite the objections of Britain and Ireland.
AP - At first, Kristin Briggs felt mistrust. Not toward her husband, who wanted a divorce, but toward her new financial planner.
AP - Synthetic urine, which sounds like something more likely to generate snickers than sales, is turning into a small success for a Kansas company.
AP - A few days before she became the U.S. Open champion, Svetlana Kuznetsova walked into a drizzly night to play her quarterfinal match.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer never thought in his  "wildest dreams" he would win the U.S. Open.
Roger Federer won the U.S. Open over Lleyton Hewitt and became the first player since Mats Wilander in 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in one year.
Clinton Portis took the handoff and sped down the right sideline, past Coach Joe Gibbs, for a 64-yard touchdown in the signal moment in the Redskins' victory.
BellSouth's approach to business has been stable, disciplined, anything but flashy. But now the company is slowly shedding its conservative approach.
Without Michael D. Eisner at the helm of the Walt Disney Company, will Harvey Weinstein and Steven P. Jobs stay as partners?
Since 1993, Siebel dominated the market for customer service software. In recent years, however, it has stumbled. Can it regain its former glory?
The Eagles' connection of Donovan McNabb-to-Terrell Owens hooks up three times as they easily run past the Giants, 31-17, on Sunday.
Gary Sheffield and Hideki Matsui hit consecutive homers in the ninth inning, and the Yankees take advantage of 14 walks in a 9-7 win over the Orioles on Sunday.
Call it a fluke, or the upset of the week, or whatever you want. Fresno State's players and coaches don't think of it that way.
Barry Bonds hits his 699th home run, and the Giants regain the NL wild-card lead with a 5-2 win over the Diamondbacks on Sunday.
Vijay Singh won another dramatic duel by beating Mike Weir Sunday in a playoff at the Canadian Open in Oakville, Ontario, and denying the fans a celebration they have wanted for 50 years.
Business-software maker's antitrust victory may pave way for accelerated merger activity in overcrowded IT markets, experts say.
Adrian Fernandez wins the Delphi Indy 300, but is overshadowed by a crash that sent Buddy Rice's car skidding upside down along the track.
New versions of CaliberRM and StarTeam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
The new wide area network access routers feature embedded security measures and voice over Internet Protocol.
In another sign of the troubles facing the nation #39;s biggest airlines, US Airways filed Sunday for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time since 2002.
NEW YORK - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
Joe Gibbs #39; much-anticipated second term as Washington Redskins head coach opened yesterday with a hard-fought 16-10 triumph over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Going into the season, there were many uncertainties about the quality of the Big 12 North. And questions remain with Missouri, Kansas State and Nebraska suffering upsets this past week.
I.B.M. plans to announce that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups.
Not only is Nortel Networks mired in an accounting scandal, it now faces increased competition from Chinese upstarts.
Xerox is saying goodbye to an old slogan as it moves beyond "The Document Company," to include technology and consulting.
MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippines shares closed at a new 53-month high Monday, lifted by steady investor interest in key blue chips, particularly telecommunications stocks.
British advertising agency company WPP Group PLC has clinched a deal to buy Grey Global Group of New York in a cash-and-stock deal valued at \$1.
Iraqi resistance fighters are steadily rolling back the US-led occupation of their country, turning one city after another into a no-go zone for the occupation troops.
Police investigating last week's car bombing in Jakarta find the chassis number of the vehicle used.
A PENNSYLVANIA law which was designed to prevent Internet users from child pornography has been chucked out because it blocks free speech.
Tottenham boss Jacques Santini was left ruing Norwich keeper Robert Green #39;s string of impressive saves after his side were held to a goalless draw.
Heading into the first game of a new season, every team has question marks. But in 2004, the Denver Broncos seemed to have more than normal.
Three Polish soldiers died, while three others were wounded in Sunday #39;s terrorist attack in Iraq, 25 kilometers from the American base in Al-Hilla.
The airline industrys financial crisis deepened yesterday as cash-strapped US Airways Group Inc., the nations seventh-largest carrier, filed for bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years.
Here #39;s what consumers ought to know about flying on the dominant airline for much of the Carolinas. Q. Will US Airways keep flying if the airline files again for bankruptcy?
CLYDESDALE Bank is being tipped to avoid the axe when parent National Australia Bank reveals the outcome of its review of European operations later this month.
Bayer AG, Germany #39;s second-biggest drug and chemical maker, formed a marketing partnership with US rival Schering-Plough Corp.
The last putt on the last hole of the last match. Bernhard Langer playing Hale Irwin and Langer has a six-footer for Europe to retain the Ryder Cup.
No one had to remind Dallas and Minnesota about how little Sunday #39;s opener at the Metrodome means over the course of a full season.
Angry mobs loyal to ousted Gov. Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents and stoned national army troops sent to keep order 
German stocks advanced, led by Bayer AG, after the company said it formed a marketing partnership with a US competitor. The benchmark DAX Index rose 30.
Nokia yesterday launched three new tri-band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
High-tech Singapore has the highest incidence of bullying among kids via the Internet of any country outside the United States, a report said on Monday.
In one of those  quot;legal quot; announcements which leaves the curious unsatisfied Sendo and Microsoft have announced they have settled their dispute.
TAIPEI: A 13-year-old boy was arrested in Taiwan for allegedly running an online sexual services site and recruiting minors to join it, reports said last Saturday.
Consumer internet telephony firm Skype Technologies has unveiled a version of its software which supports handhelds running Microsoft #39;s Pocket PC operating system.
Telecom Italia will begin testing the Microsoft IPTV platform. The Microsoft TV IPTV platform enables broadband network operators to deliver high-quality video content and services using existing and next-generation networks.
US troops and the interim Iraqi government faced an onslaught of car bombings, mortar attacks and gun battles yesterday during a series of insurgent attacks that began in the 
Russia and the United States see eye to eye on fighting terrorism, Russia #39;s defense minister said yesterday, while reiterating that Moscow reserves the right to carry out 
AFP - US presidential hopeful John Kerry slammed President George W. Bush's North Korea policy amid reports of a mysterious blast in the isolated Asian state.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announces a radical overhaul of state bodies in response to recent attacks.
US forces kill 22 suspected Taleban militants in southern Afghanistan, the American military says.
Roger Federer struggles to come to terms with winning his third Grand Slam of 2004 at the US Open.
The leader of Cameroon's main opposition party calls for reforms ahead of next month's poll.
South Africa's largest mining company, Anglo American, tries to defuse an investment row with President Mbeki.
At least 16 people are killed as a bus plunges into a river in central Nepal, police say.
Michael Howard accuses Tony Blair of squandering the chance to lead efforts against climate change.
Shares in drug giant AstraZeneca fall after a US medical panel recommends that regulators reject its new drug Exanta.
Fred Ebb, the lyricist who wrote Chicago and the classic song New York, New York, dies of a heart attack.
Pakistani troops have killed six suspected al-Qaeda militants in a clash in the rugged South Waziristan region bordering Afghanistan.
Description: NPR #39;s Jennifer Ludden talks to Tandelaya Wilder, host of She Got Game, about the results of the US Open tennis finals.
Microsoft and British phone maker Sendo said on Monday they had settled a lawsuit in which the cell phone firm had accused the software giant of stealing its technology and customers.
With the weight of a nation on his shoulders, Canadian lefty finds water on third playoff hole while No. 1 Vijay Singh keeps his cool.
North Korea says last week #39;s massive explosion in a remote area of the country #39;s north was the result of deliberate demolition work.
KABUL, Afghanistan Sept. 13, 2004 - US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest marketing and advertising company, said it will pay about \$1.52 billion for Grey Global Group Inc.
Turnovers near their opponents #39; goal line. Missed tackles near their own end zone. One 49ers quarterback after the other getting pummeled and injuring their shoulders.
As they left the tunnel, the Cleveland Browns paused to touch the 1964 championship trophy. They then played as if they want one for themselves.
Im surprised about the whole ordeal. It wasnt supposed to be like that, Williams said. Not after the Giants put 22 new faces on their active roster, brought 
Defense and special teams keep Tampa Bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal. By RICK STROUD, Times Staff Writer.
UK house prices in July grew at their fastest pace in a year as higher interest rates failed to damp demand for property, a government survey showed.
Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission #39;s science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
This is why the Eagles wanted Terrell Owens, and this is why Terrell Owens wanted the Eagles. The All-Pro wide receiver caught three touchdown passes in his Eagles debut, and 
&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Deals with network operators make more sense
A lawsuit in which mobile maker Sendo accused Microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
A website is launched with the aim of educating people in Scotland to challenge racism and intolerance.
Second Sight offers a compelling storyline that keeps gamers coming back for me.
AP - The Boston Red Sox were beating up on pitchers  #151; until they ran into Gil Meche.
Ziff Davis - Wireless software provider Expand Beyond has been awarded 46 patents for its wireless monitoring and management software #151;what will that mean for the company?
TheDeal.com - The European Commission is likely to follow opinion in the U.S. on the merger suit.
Serie A title hopefuls Juventus and AS Roma made winning starts on Sunday, gaining an early advantage on rivals AC Milan and Inter who were held to draws on Saturday.
The Basque terrorist group Eta yesterday gave its second violent reminder in four days that it was still active by exploding bombs in seven cities on Spain #39;s constitution day public holiday.
Agreement to settle government charges that companies denied or limited phone service to hundreds of thousands of customers they considered credit risks without notifying the consumers of their rights.
BAE Systems acquires a US firm which provides computer and IT systems to the US defence department.
American University President Benjamin Ladner wants a Web site critical of the school to stop using his name as its address.
A lawsuit in which UK mobile phones maker Sendo had accused Microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
Japanese auto giant Suzuki says it plans to open a new diesel engine factory and a second car assembly plant in India.
New evidence confirms the damage toxic chemicals are causing to the health of polar bears, conservationists say.
Demand for larger properties pushed house prices up by 2.1 in July, official government figures show.
Shares in AstraZeneca tumbled today after a key drug it has developed in the fight against strokes was provisionally rejected by US regulators.
BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Recalled P Roberto Novoa, OF Curtis Granderson and INF Ryan Raburn from Erie (EL).
With sales of digital music players skyrocketing, is it any wonder that hardware makers are scrambling to create the next big portable entertainment gizmo?
Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra sat out with a groin injury. He left Saturday's game when he tweaked the groin.
A man accused of murdering a Belfast solicitor in 1989 pleads guilty, as his trial is about to get under way in the city. 
Already No. 1 in the world, Vijay Singh felt like Public Enemy No. 1 in Canada.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent outfielder Ricky Ledee decided Monday to accept a two-year contract offer from the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Former NBA star Calvin Murphy has been acquitted of sexual abuse charges. The NBA Hall of Famer wiped away tears as he heard the verdict.
A TV reporter was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad on Sunday when US helicopters fired on a crowd that had gathered around the burning wreckage of an American armored vehicle.
A court appearance by Christos Tsekos, former coach to disgraced Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris, has been delayed after his defence lawyer died.
13 September 2004 -- US aircraft and artillery struck targets in the central Iraqi city of Al-Fallujah today, killing at least 15 people.
Reuters - Iran's suspension of uranium enrichment,\promised to European Union states last year, will be "short and\temporary," an Iranian official said Monday.
Baseball #39;s steroid scandal could be seen coming six years ago. The Olympics have feared the one unfolding now for two decades.
The price of oil is on the rise as fears grow that Hurricane Ivan could disrupt oil supplies from the Gulf of Mexico.
WPP beat smaller French rival Havas and US private equity firm Hellman and Friedman, acquiring the last large independent advertising group after a 1990s consolidation in the industry.
Former Qwest Communications chief executive Joseph Nacchio reportedly may soon face civil charges related to improper accounting at the telecommunications company.
Two federal advisory panels meet Monday and Tuesday to discuss how to balance growing concerns that antidepressants may increase the risk of adolescent suicide vs.
The following stocks may make significant gains or losses in German markets today. Futures that track Germany #39;s benchmark DAX Index rose 0.4 percent to 3890.
This summer #39;s onslaught repeats a long-term cycle, bringing back warmer waters and more storms. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Opinion Microsoft has begun to try and win over the hearts, minds and hardware of mobile phone vendors in a bid to dominate the emerging market for music downloads on handsets.
IBM will continue pushing its Linux on Power strategy Monday when it unveils a new line of Linux-only servers running on its 64-bit Power5 processor.
Oracle last week revealed more details about the next version of its e-business suite, while pushing the concept of grid computing.
MIT researchers produce a tiny water-skimming robot prototype they think could monitor water supplies for toxins or skim contaminants off the top of water.
High-capacity fiber network for voice, data, and video will cut Lloyds bandwidth costs and let it offer new high-bandwidth apps. By Steven Marlin.
The main oxygen generator for the International Space Station has failed, and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply.
AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday defended Vice President Dick Cheney for saying last week that terrorists will hit the United States again "if we make the wrong choice" on Election Day.
WASHINGTON -- An insurance group says low-speed crashes result in expensive repairs simply because of differences in the bumper height between cars and sport utility vehicles.
Tomorrow Cisco Systems Inc. will announce an upgrade to its small business and branch office line of routers, incorporating more processing speed and a raft of new features.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) showed off its interactive television platform in Amsterdam at IBC2004, an international conference devoted to the broadcasting industry.
Oracle won a key legal victory in its quest to buy PeopleSoft last week, but the grueling war for control of its software rival is far from over, industry analysts say.
Microsoft Corp. and Sendo Holdings PLC said Monday they have settled litigation between them, and that Microsoft has surrendered its shareholding in the British mobile telephone company.
Health Management Associates Inc., an operator of acute care and psychiatric hospitals, said Monday that damage related to Hurricanes Charley and Frances will lower fourth-quarter earnings by 2 cents per share.
LLEYTON HEWITT on the other side of a net serves as a mirror into the soul, a reflection of what it is that lies deep within an opponent.
JOLIET - Adrian Fernandez had a difficult time in the pits but overcame his problems with pit strategy Sunday in winning the Delphi 300 Indy Racing League event at Chicagoland Speedway.
are ahead of Larry Bowa #39;s team in the chase for the wild card. The Phillies. have 19 games to play, including 12 against teams with under-.
A MYSTERIOUS explosion in North Korea last week was a deliberate detonation connected with a power plant project, the North Korean Foreign Ministry said yesterday.
Pro-democracy parties in Hong Kong have expressed disappointment at the outcome of Sunday #39;s parliamentary elections. The pro-democracy camp secured 25 seats on the 
TENS of thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters demonstrated yesterday against a plan to remove all Gaza settlements and four from the West Bank.
A TV journalist was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad when US helicopters fired on a crowd gathered around the burning wreckage of a US armoured vehicle.
JOHN Howard told Australians there had been a warning before the Jakarta bombing when he knew the claim was flimsy, Labor said yesterday.
US warplanes and artillery units bombed the Sunni stronghold of Fallujah yesterday, a day after scores died when insurgents hammered the capital.
Imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. The idea could soon become reality following an announcement last week that five of the world #39;s largest mobile phone 
com September 12, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
and PC users no longer had to choose between Windows Media Player #39;s inadequacies or Real or Musicmatch #39;s annoyances.
Microsoft has teamed up with consumer electronics firm Thomson to launch set-top boxes supporting Microsoft TV #39;s Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) software platform.
Hong Kong democrats made only modest gains in elections for the territorys legislative council yesterday, leaving pro-Beijing parties with an overall majority.
Reports from the West Bank City of Jenin say an Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a car, killing at least three Palestinian militants.
JOHN Howard and Mark Latham are both footy followers but it looks like they prepared their policy statements for the leaders debate while watching very boring tennis on television.
(CBS/AP) US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
Australia is investigating reports that two of its citizens have been taken hostage by  militants in Iraq.
Greece holds three days of mourning for Patriarch Petros of Alexandria, who died in a helicopter crash.
Conditions in developing nations could hamper the spread of digital TV, a broadcast conference is told.
Sir Elton John is to sell off part of his extensive photographic collection at an auction in New York.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Nuclear fashion accessory takes a bow
Residents boarded up windows and stocked food as deadly Hurricane Ivan appeared to be heading in their direction.
Using power lines for the net could disrupt a new digital radio system, a broadcasting conference hears.
India's IT research and outsourcing  industry is facing a skills shortage, a leading industry expert has warned.
President Vladimir Putin outlined plans Monday to "radically" change the Russian political system in a way that would increase his own power, portraying the moves as a means of combating terrorism.
With U.S. control imperiled in Iraq, the military vows to oust the\insurgents from their havens. Here's what it will take
World oil prices climbed on Monday as companies operating in the US Gulf of Mexico braced for output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Federal safety regulators issued new rules on Monday to prevent deaths and injuries caused by power-window switches that can be activated inadvertently by small children playing in a car.
The Federal Reserve is widely expect to raise the federal funds rate at its Sept. 21 policy meeting after a moderate increase in August payrolls.
Reuters - Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini\appealed to Arab countries on Monday to help win the release of\two Italian hostages as an apparent deadline to kill them drew\near.
Media and communications chip maker Broadcom Corp. lowered its third quarter revenue expectations on Sunday to account for delayed customer orders, and said its inventory levels would drop as compared to the previous quarter.
Tim Henman #39;s journey to the semi-final of the US Open has seen him rise from sixth to fourth in the world rankings, matching his previous highest position.
Manchester United defender Gary Neville is likely to miss England #39;s World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan next month after being sidelined for up to four weeks with a knee fracture.
AP - Warning: If a co-worker or stranger suddenly jumps up and starts singing a patriotic song in Spanish on Wednesday, don't be alarmed.
TORONTO - Onex Corp. has agreed with Laidlaw International Inc. to acquire two of its subsidiaries, American Medical Response Inc.
The United States lobbied its allies Monday to have Iran hauled before the UN Security Council over its nuclear program as the world body #39;s atomic watchdog agency considered 
PC World - Five companies are teaming up to deliver broadcast programming to wireless handsets.
PC World - New service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid-sized businesses.
AP - IBM on Monday launched a new, cheaper line of computer servers designed for smaller businesses, with production at the plant here.
AP - A Dutch professor became the first recipient of a new Swedish science prize in the field of medical education research, the awarding body said Monday.
Improved electron flow is the key to more powerful chips.
AP - An implantable lens to correct the vision of nearsighted people won approval from the Food and Drug Administration on Monday.
Software giant contesting order to pay \$521 million in patent infringement verdict.
SPACE.com - Scientists and engineers \  are optimistic after having peeked inside the Genesis space capsule, which brought \  back bits of the Sun but crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday.
Republicans in the State Senate forced through a measure to gradually raise the minimum wage by \$2 to \$7.15 an hour by January 2007.
The interim Iraqi government says it needs an extra \$3.4bn to fix its water and electricity infrastructure.
\A specially shaped camera lens which means images are never out of focus could find its way onto camera phones.
The International Monetary Fund starts talks with Kenya which could result in the release of a delayed loan to the country.
Astronomers reveal one of the clearest images obtained of Stephan's Quintet.
From 1999 to 2002, American multinational corporations increased profits taken in countries with no taxes or low rates by 68 percent, a study found.
There's yet another hostile takeover in the tech sector's works.
A second bankruptcy filing comes after a month of warnings and a failure to secure labor concessions.
Take advantage of cards instead of it being the other way around.
How a residence for formerly substance-abusing students helps them stay sober
With new cafes and a slick ad campaign, Colombia is rebranding its coffee -- and Juan Valdez is getting hip
The software maker expands its Visual Studio line of developer tools.\
The companies settle a lawsuit in which the software giant was accused of poaching smart-phone trade secrets.
Cisco Systems this week will introduce a new line of routers with integrated services that combine concurrent data, security, and voice features in one system.
Transmeta Corp. has begun shipping its second-generation Efficeon processors, the TM8800 series.
Continuing to fill out its Visual Studio tools line, Microsoft on Monday is announcing Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition, intended for developers working in small organizations.
McAfee Inc. says that a new managed e-mail service will help small businesses handle the deluge of spam and viruses pounding their networks.
Symantec Corp. is fishing for dollars with a new service designed to help companies combat the ongoing epidemic of online identity theft, or "phishing," scams.
Five companies are teaming up to deliver broadcast programming to wireless handsets.
New service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid-sized businesses.
Reuters - The weekend decision by the Reserve Bank of India to drain banks' surplus funds to contain inflation may be a warning that demand pressures are building up in a fast-growing economy.
Germany's health ministry approves the sale of 80,000 state-owned apartments as Europe's largest economy tries to finance rising pension costs.
Australia is investigating reports that two of its citizens have been taken hostage by militants in Iraq.
Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Comparing operating cash flows to net income lets investors weed out disasters early.
Component problems meant Brillian's new big screens missed the NFL's kickoff party.
Foodland Associated left frustrated investors wanting more yesterday after handing down a disappointing profit and refusing to shed any light on its growth plans.
A futuristic eye scanner system at a Wearside school is scrapped because it is too slow.
Novell kicked off Brainshare Europe in Barcelona by outlining its strategy to make identity management the basis of all IT systems.
The unique-looking Sony Cyber-shot DSC-M1 (\$600 street) is a 5.1-megapixel digital camera with some interesting video capabilities.
A standoff between rival Palestinian factions shut down a West Bank university on Monday, reflecting the growing state of chaos plaguing the Palestinian territories.
Six days before receiving a court ruling in the Oracle case, PeopleSoft sped up the vesting terms for its workers' 2004 merit options.
If Linux Standard Base 2.0 becomes the de facto guideline for companies working on open-source technologies, Microsoft may face more competition.
Sony this week unveiled its new Cyber-shot DSC-M1 digital camera that features a swivel screen design that can automatically record video while snapping pictures.
A campaigner dressed as Batman, from a fathers #39; rights group staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony on Monday.
AP - Nokia signed a contract with the Libyan post office for a nationwide mobile-phone network in a deal valued at  #36;146 million, the Finnish company said Monday.
The Democratic challenger outlined his own \$5 billion plan to fight crime and picked up the endorsement of a coalition of police unions.
Shares of Herndon-based government information technology contractor DigitalNet gained as much as 27 percent in Monday trading, after a weekend buyout offer from BAE Systems.
(GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands) - It appears Hurricane Ivan is turning toward the northwest -- with its wake, death and destruction.
The chairman of Kenya #39;s Anti-Corruption Advisory Board has resigned, accusing President Mwai Kibaki of interfering in the board #39;s work.
A survey of waters around the UK sees Scotland emerge as the top spot for basking shark sightings.
Advanced Marketing Services Inc., which provides customized wholesaling and distribution services for the publishing industry, on Monday slashed earnings expectations for fiscal 2004.
Hosts Germany could opt not to play the opening game of the 2006 World Cup finals, organising committee chairman Franz Beckenbauer said on Monday.
A video purporting to show the beheading of a Turkish driver kidnapped in Iraq last month surfaced today on the website of an al-Qaida-linked militant group.
Novell Inc. lifted the lid on forthcoming enhancements to its identity management tools at its Brainshare Europe customer conference in Barcelona, Spain,Monday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for  output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
AP - Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury.
Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. said Monday it expects to report revenue and operating loss for its third fiscal quarter, in line with its previous forecast given in July.
Foodland Associated has been making inroads in New Zealand and this may help strengthen its position in Australia, where it faces fierce competition from bigger rivals, such as Coles.
AP - Cuba's top tobacco farmer predicted Monday that Hurricane Ivan's sudden turn to the west would ensure the storm causes only minimal damage to the island's key tobacco growing region.
IBM introduced on Monday its inexpensive OpenPower line of servers based on Power5 microprocessors and the Linux operating system.
NASA has commissioned a panel of experts to work out what went wrong with the Genesis space probe, which crashed to Earth on 8 September.
Symantec Corp. is expected to announce on Monday a new service to help financial institutions fight phishing attacks and online fraud.
Microsoft #39;s decision to axe WinFS from Longhorn provides the company with an opportunity to expand the technology to work with multiple systems.
Microsoft on Monday added to an already dizzying array of planned Visual Studio 2005 offerings by unveiling a new version of the toolset for developers who fall between hobbyist and professional levels.
McAfee on Monday unveiled a new security service designed to let small companies outsource their e-mail security to the antivirus software maker.
The latest trend in digital photography is ultra-high-resolution fixed-lens cameras. The digital-camera manufacturers are constantly trying to outdo one another, in much the same way that CPU 
The technical standards body for the internet, the IETF, has bounced back Microsoft #39;s controversial proposal for stopping spam, Sender ID.
Computer Associates on Monday announced it is upgrading and consolidating its storage management software line. The computer software giant is offering 13 new versions of its BrightStor storage management 
The US leads other technologically advanced nations in the reported incidences of cyber bullying, the latest trend to threaten youngsters who use the Internet.
Our correspondent David Shukman flies with a Nasa team as it monitors the state of Antarctica's glaciers.
CHRIS SUTTON trained today to keep alive his chances of lining up against Barcelona tomorrow. The striker has been out since damaging a hamstring on August 14.
Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A former Upper Canada College teacher made a brief court appearance Monday to face sexual assault charges.
Europe #39;s only player in the world top 10, Padraig Harrington, has given captain Bernhard Langer the perfect boost as they fly out to contest the Ryder Cup today.
Spaniard Eladio Jimenez has won the 10th stage of the Tour of Spain after a lone breakaway on the final decisive climb. The Spaniard won the stage 
BRUSSELS : Key European governments turned up the pressure on Iran over its nuclear plans, giving Tehran a November deadline to allay concern it is secretly making atomic weapons.
North-west Norfolk MP Henry Bellingham has called for the release of an old college friend accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Islamic militants in Iraq apparently have killed a Turkish man whom they took hostage last month. Mr. Kumdereli was abducted with another Turkish truck driver in mid-August.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mixed on Monday as  dealers grew slightly apprehensive of two key U.S. economic  indicators due on Tuesday.
US media group Time Warner withdraws its bid for movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer after failing to agree a price.
Three California supermarket chains have settled a suit filed by immigrant janitors who said they often earned below minimum wage and were never paid overtime.
Fernando Alonso was disappointed to spin out of yesterdays Italian Grand Prix, but remains optimistic for the coming races.
A suspect Bahraini militant escapes from court, but gives himself up an hour later, his lawyer says.
The team failed to score points after a race that saw difficult track conditions in the early stages and a Ferrari one-two in their home race.
Mountaineers retrieve three bodies believed to have been buried for 22 years on an Indian glacier.
A Fathers 4 Justice protester dressed as Batman is removed after scaling Buckingham Palace.
The world's biggest soup maker falls a penny short of earnings expectations.
Irrational exuberance follows after Broadcom investors bid up the stock on the heels of a revenue warning.
Residents stocked up to prepare for a storm that has already swamped communities in the Caribbean and reportedly killed dozens.
An alliance between US IT giant Cisco and Japan's Fujitsu could help both business boost sales as competition in the market for  broadband equipment ramps up.
Senator John Kerry accused the president today of caving in to the gun lobby, a charge rejected by the White House.
Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury.
A broken collarbone has ruined another season for Detroit Lions wide receiver Charles Rogers.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc...
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela who headed Colombia's Cali cartel appears in court in the US state of Florida.
Companies' desire to squeeze more out of storage gear pushes storage software revenue to a 17 percent rise over last year, IDC says.
The OpenPower systems, starting at \$5,000, are based on the Power5 chip and will run SuSE or Red Hat versions of Linux.
With its service, the company says, spam is quarantined before it enters the customer's network.
Networking provider upgrades a slew of products so large companies can better connect their workers.
US entertainment giant Time Warner Inc. said Monday it has withdrawn its bid to buy Hollywood movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) after they failed to agree on a price.
Suzuki Motor Corporation has lined up investments of \$191 million (Rs 860 crore) to ramp up capacity in its Indian subsidiary Maruti Udyog Ltd.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Dell is pushing ahead with plans to open IT support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations.
IF Rubens Barrichello had any doubts about the Formula One season being the greatest in Ferrari history, then last evening #39;s Italian Grand Prix blew them away.
Art Howe #39;s future as the Mets manager has been the subject of scrutiny for weeks. The idea that Howe might not survive the season, let alone the remaining two years 
13 September 2004 -- Aid workers were leaving Afghanistan #39;s western city of Herat today after bloody clashes in recent days sparked by the dismissal of a powerful local governor.
An Iraqi militant group loyal to al Qaida beheaded a kidnapped Turkish driver and showed the execution video on its website Monday.
Not to be cowed by string of losses, PC maker enacts sweeping changes designed to quickly return it to profitability.
Want to dive deep -- really deep -- into the technical literature about search engines?  Here's a road map to some of the best web information retrieval resources available online.
Nextaris pulls together all of the tools you need to find, save, and share information with others in a single online location.
Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from August 2004.
Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recaps issues and concerns that marred the Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization's first birthday last month and looks at ways the group could go forward.
Within the next few weeks, Overture will make a major switch to matching terms on a broad basis, rather than the traditional exact match default it has followed since the company's launch.
Notable news and announcements from the web search world during the past month. 
Copernic, a well-known developer of web search tools, is entering the desktop search marketplace with the release of a new product today. 
AP - A 17-year-old California boy won a premier high school science competition Monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
Shareholders in South Africa's biggest banking group Standard Bank agree to sell a 10 stake to black investors.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
A THRILLED Padraig Harrington today made it three wins in a row for Europes Ryder Cup side heading into this weeks match in Detroit.
Using the Windows Speech Engine, the Amos virus greets XP users on start-up, makes a dubious claim, then bids farewell in Turkish.
Scammers and thieves are out there, but you can protect yourself.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Seeking to be more competitive with Microsoft Corp...
Description: Less than two years after emerging from bankruptcy, US Airways once again seeks Chapter 11 protection from creditors.
International Business Machines Corp IBM.N on Sunday announced a new computer server using its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating system, as the No.
Much of the science from NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule, which crashed in Utah on 8 September, will probably be salvaged, mission scientists say.
Bayern Munich have already been handed the tag of FC Bayern Boring after a lacklustre 1-0 victory over Arminia Bielefeld at the weekend.
Converting Chicago fans into Marlins #39; supporters isn #39;t an easy assignment. But team president David Samson gave it his best shot Monday morning.
EU foreign ministers called Monday for the immediate release of hostages in Iraq and condemned violence there after a deadly weekend wave of unrest, as Iraq and Iran clouded talks in Brussels.
Most Britons are taking precautions against identity fraud, a new survey has found.
AP - Vijay Singh and Mike Weir provided a preview of the Ryder Cup, even though neither of them will be playing at Oakland Hills this week.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Open champion Roger Federer  breezed into New York's Hard Rock cafe Monday clutching his  latest piece of silverware.
Newest Efficeon processor also offers higher frequency using less power.
Internet telephony application balks on IPaq and Axim Pocket PC devices.
The PIMCO mutual fund group has agreed to pay \$50 million to settle fraud charges involving improper rapid dealing in mutual fund shares, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
Take away the glut of turnovers, and Bill Callahan says Nebraska #39;s transition from the triple-option to the West Coast offense has gone smoothly.
Hurricane Ivan is bearing down on the western tip of Cuba with winds near 160 miles per hour. If the Cayman Islands and Jamaica are any indication, damage could be widespread.
A group that advocates greater rights for fathers in child custody cases sent two of its operatives over the fence at Buckingham Palace today and one of them, dressed 
In a series of tightly sequenced attacks, at least 25 Iraqis were killed by suicide car bombings and a barrage of missile and mortar fire in several neighborhoods across Baghdad on Sunday.
Kuwaiti and Italian officials on Monday urged the release of two Italian female hostages kidnapped earlier in Baghdad, the Kuwait News Agency reported.
AP - New strategies to confront global warming took center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday, where thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gathered for an international conference on climate change.
The venerable retailer finally gets apparel and home furnishings online. Does it matter?
Microsoft Corp. and UK mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday.
US Open champion Roger Federer breezed into New York #39;s Hard Rock cafe on Monday clutching his latest piece of silverware. Maybe the venue was chosen in anticipation 
Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti is due back in a Houston courtroom Tuesday because of an alleged positive drug test that would be a violation of his probation for cocaine possession.
The book on extraordinary Finnish hockey accomplishments is a slender volume, no bigger than those comical books about cats that are stacked around the sales registers at Barnes  amp; Noble.
The planned handover of the potentially oil-rich Bakassi peninsula from Nigeria to Cameroon is unlikely to take place by a Sept. 15 deadline, the United Nations said on Monday.
As it readies Solaris 10, Sun develops an open-source project modeled on Apple's Darwin and Red Hat's Fedora.
The Linux adversary again demands evidence from Big Blue and cites allegedly contradictory testimony.
(Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.
Seeking to be more competitive with Microsoft Corp., Linux backers have agreed on a standard version of the operating system so that programs written for one Linux distribution will work with others.
Third seed Albert Costa and fifth seeded Russian Nikolay Davidenko were knocked out of the Romanian Open tennis tournament on Monday, losing in the first round to unseeded opponents.
Foreign ministers of the European Union have called for the United Nations to immediately probe whether atrocities in the Darfur region of Sudan are genocide.
HONG KONG, China -- Hong Kong #39;s main pro-democracy parties have made disappointing gains in legislative elections, adding just three seats to their tally.
PC World - Internet telephony application balks on IPaq and Axim Pocket PC devices.
The hockey league's labor deal expires at midnight tonight, and a work stoppage threatens the entire season.
AFP - Australia has accounted for all its nationals known to be working in Iraq following a claim by a radical Islamic group to have kidnapped two Australians, Foreign Affairs Minister Alexander Downer said.
NEW YORK - A group of investors led by Sony Corp has agreed to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc for nearly \$5 billion, US news reports said Monday.
Huntsman, which calls itself the world #39;s largest privately held chemical company, on Monday announced an initial public offering and said it will use the proceeds to reduce debt.
com September 13, 2004, 1:28 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
McAfee says that a new managed email service will help small businesses handle the deluge of spam and viruses pounding their networks.
Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of e-mail messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to include some of that company #39;s intellectual property in the specification.
Pocket PC users who were expecting to use Skype Technologies #39;s SkypeOut service to make telephone calls via the Internet may find themselves without a dial-tone.
A fast PC doesnt mean just a fast processor. Hard-drive speeds, memory and other considerations all affect a systems performance.
There was a family double for the Harringtons on Sunday but both Padraig and Joey will be hoping the same does not come true next weekend.
North Korea yesterday signalled that it may decide to lift the veil on some of its human rights violations after being challenged to allow the inspection of one of the country #39;s notorious prison 
ONE of two rebel groups in Darfur today threatened to walk out of peace talks unless the Sudanese Government quickly presented a viable plan to end the conflict in the region.
JENIN: Israel fired a missile at a Palestinian car in the West Bank on Monday, killing at least three militants, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
Spain #39;s socialist Prime Minister, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, turned his back on the pro-Americanism of his conservative predecessor yesterday as 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Montreal Expos might be able to teach the Florida Marlins a thing or two about playing baseball at neutral venues.
AP - _ Tiny worms are taking the place of laboratory rats and mice for a Duke University scientist studying the effect of chemicals on the body.
Electric motor maker AO Smith Corp. lowered its third-quarter and full-year earnings estimates Monday, citing increased costs for raw materials and freight.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Cisco is to introduce a line of branch-office routers that integrate basic routing capabilities with IP voice support and security tools.
A major component of Microsoft Corp. #39;s Application Lifecycle Management platform, Visual Studio 2005 Team System is today expected to reach beta.
New York's public school children are returning to class for a year that will serve as a crucial barometer of Mayor Michael Bloomberg's education efforts.
NEW YORK - The countdown to the No. 1 sexiest male newscaster ends with .....
A protester dressed in a Batman costume scaled the front wall of Buckingham Palace Monday, reaching a ledge near the balcony where the royal family appears on ceremonial occasions.
NASHVILLE, Tennessee (Ticker) -- Tennessee Titans starting left guard Zach Piller will likely be sidelined for the season with a ruptured left biceps.
Chicago is definitely the Marlins #39; kind of town. But the defending World Series champions will be glad to return to South Florida.
Investors moved into software shares Monday a day ahead of an earnings report from Oracle Corp. that could give Wall Street a better idea about the pace of technology spending.
AP - A Navy surveillance ship that once listened for enemy submarines and hunted for drug traffickers was turned over to scientists Monday to begin a new mission of exploring the world's deepest oceans.
AP - If the free-falling New York Mets have already decided to fire manager Art Howe, he wants to be let go immediately instead of after the season.
AP - Still deliberating on where to move the Montreal Expos, members of baseball's relocation committee scheduled a new round of meetings this week.
AP - Roger Federer's dominant win over Lleyton Hewitt was the lowest-rated U.S. Open men's final ever.
The software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding "Smart Tags" in its Office applications.
Firm says it's buying Dynamicsoft and its SIP-based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
The smaller gear maker claims that its new routers will cost 30 percent to 50 percent less than similar offerings from the market leader.
Ads served to search query results based on category rather than keywords.
IBM is unveiling an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems today that will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it.
CIOs at Enterprise Management World see server consolidation as a way to reduce management complexity in data centers and avoid the need to buy more server hardware.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Microsoft Corp. and U.K. mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday.
The Guardian (UK) has published an article looking at the battle between Apple and everyone else in the online music download business.
Charlton boss Alan Curbishley praised his defence for keeping a resilient Southampton team to a 0-0 draw at The Valley on Monday evening.
Partially out of necessity, Art Howe opts to ignore the newspapers that circulate throughout his neighborhood. As a result, he had to be briefed on a New York Daily News 
A BANKRUPTCY judge gave US Airways Group Inc permission today to tap a government loan to fund daily operations - a move expected to allow the airline to continue its normal 
NEW YORK : The latest twists and turns from Hurricane Ivan prompted renewed concerns Monday about oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, pushing futures prices sharply higher on global markets.
Eager to shed its mounting debt, chemical giant Huntsman International LLC announced plans Monday to go public in a move analysts say is timed to take advantage of an improving market for basic materials.
After decades of research and development, speech recognition is finally moving toward mainstream use. Advances in statistical modeling, pattern matching algorithms and processing power have 
Insurgents hammered central Baghdad yesterday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding 
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini arrived today to the Middle East, in a bid to free two female aid workers kidnapped in Iraq.
A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against 
AP - Hallmark may have a greeting card for just about every occasion, but maybe not one for an ex-president recovering from bypass surgery a month after his birthday.
Shares fell Monday after the doughnut company said an independent auditor refused to sign off on its second-quarter financial statement until an outside law firm performed additional work.
Disney boss Michael Eisner faces opposition about his plan to step down in 2006, with some shareholders saying it should be sooner.
Comcast, the biggest U.S. cable operator, will join the investors working with Sony on the deal, a source close to the discussions said.
The company backs September same-store sales growth forecast as back-to-school sales finally pick up.
On the eve of the Jewish New Year, Israels national discourse was dominated by talk of potential civil war, but few of those talking dared define the possible dimensions of such a conflict.
A meeting of OPEC members this week will decide whether to increase its production band and prices, or lower them, amid wildly oscillating oil markets.
Forget Congress' myopic efforts to outlaw spyware. What we really need is better enforcement of existing computer crime laws.\
AP - Almost the only thing Chase Lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head.
AP - Quarterback Ken Dorsey is expected to make his first NFL start for the San Francisco 49ers after Tim Rattay was diagnosed with a separated right shoulder Monday.
AP - For the sake of argument, here's hoping Barry Bonds' next home run ball travels 500 feet, minimum.
AP - Teemu Selanne's season with the Colorado Avalanche was nothing short of miserable.
BAE Systems acquires a US firm which provides computer and IT systems to the US defence department.
Company targets software-as-service businesses with on demand database program.
consortium led by the Sony Corporation of America reached a tentative agreement today to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, the Hollywood studio famous for James Bond and the Pink Panther, for 
North Korean officials have announced that a huge explosion in its remote Northeast was part of a hydroelectric project. Mystery surrounded the blast in the mountainous province of Yanggang and fears grew 
AP - Seattle Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander has a bone bruise on his right knee, but could play in this week's game at Tampa Bay.
Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. revised its most recently reported quarterly results slightly lower due to the finalized legal settlement with Microsoft Corp.
Seattle Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander has a bone bruise on his right knee, but could play in this week #39;s game at Tampa Bay.
Turkey says it will end cooperation in Iraq if the US continues its offensive in the northern town of Talafar.
Iranian striker Vahid Hashemian will not travel to Israel for a Champions League match against Maccabi Tel Aviv.
PC World - Here's what was good-looking, butt-ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
Crude oil rose on Monday in New York as market concerned that the approach of Hurricane Ivan woulddisrupt production and tankers shipments in the Gulf of Mexico.
At a recent business summit, Vice-Premier Zeng Peiyan predicted that China will sustain an annual economic growth rate of more than 7 per cent by 2020.
Recognizing the power of its single largest retailing name, Federated Department Stores Monday said it will re-brand all of its regional chains into Macy #39;s stores.
BAE Systems, Europes biggest defence firm, yesterday announced the planned \$600 million (334m) takeover of a leading US supplier of secure computer networks to the Pentagon.
Almost 500 letters from friends, family, corporate leaders and celebrity sportsmen were sent in defence of convicted internet banker Frank Quattrone, it emerged yesterday.
Service Pack 2 is the long-awaited mega-bug fix for Windows XP, and pretty much the last bit of excitement until Longhorn. But what does it mean for you?
Messman said that enterprise-ready Linux capabilities, including strong management, were being achieved through its Open Enterprise Server (OES) which is shortly to go into open beta.
Computer Associates is not messing around with its storage management software line. The company this month will upgrade all 13 versions of the BrightStor family, release a new product aimed at automating 
Jonah Lomu, the leading try scorer in rugby World Cups, said he #39;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant six weeks ago.
Sven-Goran Eriksson will be without another crucial member of his England squad for the World Cup qualifier against Wales on Oct 9 after it was confirmed yesterday that Gary Neville will join 
Cricket is safe from pretzels and popcorn for a while longer, judging by yesterday #39;s nine-wicket defeat for the United States.
VLADIMIR Putin, the Russian president, yesterday ordered a drastic centralisation of government power that is likely to strengthen the Kremlins grip over every aspect of political life.
A series of tactical errors, with peculiarities in the voting process, prevented democracy advocates here from winning as many seats as expected in Sunday #39;s legislative 
The flow of US government red ink narrowed in August from the year-ago pace, but the deficit remained on track for a second straight annual record, a Treasury Department report on Monday showed.
AP - A makeshift offensive line came together at just the right time for the St. Louis Rams.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hollywood's last major independent, is set to accept a Sony offer worth \$5bn.
LOS ANGELES - A consortium led by Sony Corp. has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...
Eight years ago, Andrew Murray survived the Dunblane massacre. Now, the 17-year-old has just become the first British player to win the junior US Open.
Investor's Business Daily - Could Russia's hypergrowth in cellular subscribers start slowing?
A tipple or two can aid recovery from heart surgery,  research suggests.
roundup Plus: Groups push on for TV on cell phones...Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares...Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings.
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said Monday.
Here's what was good-looking, butt-ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
As many as 250,000 Japanese are estimated to be making free phone calls around the world over the Internet thanks, indirectly, to a controversial file-swapping technology.
AP - The dismissal of the sex assault charge against Kobe Bryant underscores why records in the case should be made public, media organizations said in motions Monday to unseal the evidence.
Ziff Davis - With a preview of Firefox 1.0 ready for release, the open-source development group says it is also preparing for a grassroots marketing push.
IBM today announced new virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on demand business applications tailored to meet customer requirements across all vertical industries.
Two Australian security contractors yesterday became the latest foreigners to be kidnapped in Iraq after militants apparently ambushed their convoy on a road outside Baghdad.
France and Germany - united around Spain. It was an intentional contrast to the picture presented to the world 18 
Bayer forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with American drug manufacturer Schering-Plough yesterday, cutting costs and marking another step in the German company #39;s transformation.
The suspicion that the European members of the Ryder Cup team are in better current form than their American counterparts hardened into a certainty over the weekend.
Police investigating last Thursday #39;s deadly bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta yesterday said they had found the chassis number of the van used to deliver the bomb.
AP - Ryan Longwell's 41-yard field goal gave the Green Bay Packers an early lead over the Carolina Panthers on Monday night.
Six months before NASA plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they #39;ve essentially solved the problem that doomed Columbia in 2003 - debris coming off 
HARRISBURG, Pa. A Dallas area-based online university that supposedly granted a business degree to a cat was sued today for consumer fraud.
IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
The move by Bush administration officials could boost America's image abroad, but institutions like the World Bank fear it could leave them strapped for cash.
The legislation would require companies to keep their pension plans fully funded, encourages them to put in more money, even in boom times, and removes the legal uncertainty surrounding cash balance plans.
The Bush administration's approach to environmental issues has challenged the status quo by revising the traditional public-policy calculus on decisions.
New drugs that are to be tested in connection with a phenomenon called RNA interference have excited scientists with their versatile and powerful ability to affect genes.
In dozens of schools across the city, New York City's nearly 1.1 million public school students returned for the opening of a new school year.
LONDON: European stock markets rallied yesterday as investors appreciated gains in New York and Asia and digested a flurry of company news.
Another increase in oil prices due to concerns over Hurricane Ivan #39;s effect on oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico didn #39;t have a large impact on trading.
Steven Vaughan-Nichols suggests maybe it #39;s time for Sun Microsystems to stop making announcements and focus on actually making technology.
HE Atlanta Braves, who visited Shea Stadium for a doubleheader last night, have won 12 - going on 13 - consecutive division championships.
PC World - Software giant contesting order to pay  #36;521 million in patent infringement verdict.
Energy markets shuddered Monday with the approach of Hurricane Ivan, bidding up crude oil and natural gas prices as crews scrambled to evacuate production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
The real competition is about to begin for the eight government contractors picked to update the Air Force #39;s communication systems -- modernizing databases and giving forces in battle better 
Stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
The conservation agency World Wildlife Fund, or WWF, has warned that man-made chemicals pose a serious threat to polar bears. The WWF says three new scientific studies show 
The decades-old design of the Internet is in need of a fundamental overhaul, and Intel and Hewlett-Packard believe they can make it more adaptable and intelligent.
Roger Federer was on his way out of Flushing Meadows on Sunday evening and heading back to Manhattan when a small group of excited children stopped him for his autograph.
HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- Hurricane Ivan forced the postponement of Thursday #39;s football game between Southern Mississippi and California.
A comic book superhero perched in a dangerous location brandishing a banner has become an increasingly common sight in recent months.
Russia will move aggressively into the war against international terrorism by cooperating more closely with the United States. President Vladimir Putin on Monday announced sweeping measures to beef up Kremlin 
Description: Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers take to the streets of Jerusalem Sunday evening to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.
Pakistan #39;s military says it has killed some 150 foreign fighters during its 11-month battle against militants in the country #39;s tribal belt.
AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of ducking his responsibility to protect the country from crime and terrorism by allowing a national assault weapons ban to expire.
AP - President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have been sparring with mock-debate partners since midsummer, getting ready for Democrats John Kerry and John Edwards.
AP - Ahman Green ran for a 6-yard touchdown late in the second quarter to give the Green Bay Packers a halftime lead over the Carolina Panthers on Monday night.
As goes Liberty House will go Lazarus and Burdines. Federated Department Stores has decided to rebrand all of its stores as Macy #39;s stores in coming months.
The Free Standards Group will announce on Tuesday the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, and that this standard has the support of almost all global Linux distribution vendors.
If you rely on technology to run your small business, you know how easily a virus can destroy your data - and potentially years of hard work.
Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said Monday.
Maccabi Tel Aviv will hold a short training session tonight as it concludes preparations for tomorrow #39;s Champions League Rosh Hashanah clash with Bayern Munich.
VLADIMIR PUTIN strengthened his control over Russia yesterday with a series of far-reaching initiatives aimed at combating terrorism.
The United Nations evacuated 38 foreign employees from this western Afghan city Monday after a day of rioting by supporters of the ousted governor turned 
IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
AP - Some 300 Galapagos Islands rangers peacefully occupied park research stations Monday to protest the reported firing of the park director and his probable replacement.
AFP - Police investigating the deadly attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have said they have identified all nine victims of the blast and are still working to piece together the suicide bombers.
Baseball players and their families have become increasingly concerned about theft and kidnapping in Venezuela after the recent abduction of Ugueth Urbina's mother.
Pitcher Bruce wins for the first time in over two years, leading the Orioles past the Toronto Blue Jays, 9-1, Monday.
The Bethesda Chevy-Chase field hockey team recovers from two losses on Saturday to beat Whitman, 2-1, Monday.
Guantanamo inmates cannot appear as witnesses at the trial of 9/11 suspect Zacarias Moussaoui.
It stopped its MGM bid -- again -- citing financial discipline. But even if Sony buys the studio, problems may emerge down the road.
Top officials acknowledged for the first time that antidepressants appeared to lead some children to become suicidal.
The Chinese government refrained on Monday from saying much about the results of Sunday's elections in Hong Kong, but the country's Communist leaders had reason to be pleased.
which has been making headway with companies and governments -- potentially face headaches if the open-source operating system fragments into differing and incompatible versions.
Captain Patrick Vieira has challenged his Arsenal teammates to prove their Champions League credentials in tonight #39;s opening group game against PSV Eindhoven.
Europe #39;s top coaches may like to be seen to disagree with each other in public, but they are all united on the topic of this season #39;s Champions League.
US Airways' second trip to bankruptcy court holds both promise and peril for the nation's other major airlines.
Most big companies are coming up with enough cash to keep their pension funds legally sound, after three years of extraordinary losses. Not so their government backstop.
The airline, whose workers refused to accept \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts, joins United Airlines in bankruptcy. Delta could soon follow.
Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Faced with weak demand for PCs and technical limits on the speed of its products, Intel is betting on a future in which every chip it makes contains what amounts to two computers.
Intel Chief Technology Officer Pat Gelsinger said on Thursday, Sept. 9, that the Internet needed to be upgraded in order to deal with problems that will become real issues soon.
The Labor opposition had its first positive bounce in the third week of the campaign for the Australian election on October 9. First, last week it launched its long awaited taxation policy.
Angel Berroa has two hits and scores twice in a 10-run fifth inning that carries the Kansas City Royals over the Yankees, 17-8.
In a widely anticipated move, Federated Department Stores Inc. announced yesterday that it would convert all of its regional department stores to the Macy #39;s name.
It was a tragic sight. Jonah Lomu, once the man who struck fear into rugby defenders, shuffling to the stage with the aid of his wife.
Revenues should grow by 30, according to the president of the country's association of software and service firms
the sixth strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic -- was 70 miles south-southeast of the western tip of Cuba around 2 pm on Monday.
Small businesses were less optimistic about US economic growth last month than in July, and fewer expected sales to increase in the coming months, according to a survey by the National Federation of Independent Business.
Even in the most one-sided Formula One season in years, champions Ferrari still have the ability to astonish. Their eighth one-two finish in 15 races was met 
UN nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei said yesterday that there was no deadline for ending an investigation into Iran #39;s nuclear programme.
IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Reuters - A suicide bomber exploded near a West\Bank checkpoint hurting at least three people on Tuesday, an\Israeli medic said.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A suicide bomber exploded near a West  Bank checkpoint hurting at least three people on Tuesday, an  Israeli medic said.
A suspected suicide attack injures three in the West Bank, a day after an Israeli missile kills a senior militant.
A Royal security review starts after a protester's Batman stunt at Buckingham Palace sparks a Commons row.
Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer has emphasised the strength of his players #39; team spirit ahead of Friday #39;s first day.
If a lockout ends up canceling the season, it probably also means NHL players won #39;t participate in the 2006 Olympics in Turin, Italy.
Police and Home Office officials have begun an urgent review of security measures after a protester dressed as Batman scaled Buckingham Palace.
An explosion at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday lightly wounded at least three people, Israeli rescue services said. Israel Radio reported the explosion appeared to be caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber.
Prime Minister John Howard has stood firm against withdrawing troops from Iraq after unconfirmed reports that two Australians have been taken hostage and would be killed within 24 hours unless Canberra pulls out.
Ziff Davis - The Free Standards Group's updated standard will improve Linux code portability and interoperability, developers say, and reduce the worry of platform fragmentation.
Isaiah Gardner , a sophomore defensive back, is on campus at Maryland and will transfer to the school from Notre Dame once his paperwork clears.
Running back Ahman Green scored three touchdowns, two rushing and one on a pass from quarterback Brett Favre.
US Airways Group Inc. president and chief executive Bruce Lakefield is determined that the airline will emerge from its second bankruptcy filing in two years in stronger shape than ever.
Maruti Udyog Ltd. said on Tuesday that the Directors have approved a proposal that the forthcoming Diesel Engine Manufacturing Plant will be controlled and managed by Suzuki Metal India Ltd (proposed to be 
European shares edged higher at Monday #39;s opening led by Germany #39;s Bayer on news of an alliance with US healthcare giant Schering-Plough.
A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc. permission yesterday to tap a government loan to fund daily operations -- a move expected to allow 
Fred Hassan has launched his biggest and most ambitious move to rebuild struggling Schering- Plough. The Kenilworth company and German drug maker Bayer yesterday announced an alliance that 
Some area employers expect to maintain a steady hiring pace during the fourth quarter of 2004, according to a survey released yesterday by Manpower Inc.
This year #39;s cotton crop is on pace to be the largest in US history, although hurricanes that have battered the nation in the past few months may reduce the final amount.
They are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. Some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.
Q: Recently I have been told by friends that when they try to send me e-mail they get a message that my inbox is full and their message could not be delivered.
of Switzerland holds up his trophy after defeating Lleyton Hewitt of Australia in the men #39;s final match of the 2004 US Open in New York, September 12, 2004.
SOUTHAMPTON, England - The US cricket team is heading home after two humbling defeats in the Champions Trophy that set records for futility.
The Green Bay Packers dealt the Carolina Panthers a defeat now familiar to Super Bowl losers. Ahman Green ran up, down, and all over the 
EVERTON midfielder Tim Cahill could win a reprieve within the next 48 hours after a dramatic intervention from FIFA over his controversial dismissal.
Sabina Park survived the onslaught of Hurricane Ivan with only minor damage, according to a report on the caribbeancricket.com website.
Portraying it as a means of combating terrorism, Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday outlined a plan to eliminate popular elections of governors and individual 
There is still no confirmation of reports that two Australians working as security guards in Iraq are being held hostage by Islamic extremists.
The man accused of harbouring two men convicted of involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings has been acquitted by Indonesia #39;s Supreme Court.
The western Afghan city of Herat was calm yesterday following bloody clashes between supporters of the powerful ousted governor and US and Afghan forces sent to keep the peace.
A huge blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station on Tuesday and Reuters witnesses said at least 35 people were killed.
Saboteurs blew up a domestic oil pipeline in northern Iraq on Tuesday, sending plumes of smoke leaping into the sky and forcing technicians to shut it down, officials said.
Jonah Lomu has not targeted next year #39;s Sevens World Cup in Hong Kong for his comeback but admitted he still harbours dreams of playing for his country again.
Reuters - Carolina wide\receiver Steve Smith was carted off the field Monday night\after breaking his left fibula during the Panthers' 24-14 loss\to Green Bay.
TechWeb - McAfee introduces a multi-function managed e-mail service for small- and mid-sized businesses.
TechWeb - Enterprise Voice Sites allows businesses to build and deploy pre-packaged IVR solutions on a pay-as-you-go usage model.
TechWeb - Telestream announced Friday support for exporting or importing files in the Microsoft Windows Media format on Mac OS X platforms.
AP - With many lawmakers eager to help their own regions, Congress is unlikely to act as quickly on President Bush's latest request for hurricane aid as they did on his first package.
Reuters - Sorry Florida. This is normal.
With the National Hockey League about to place itself into suspended animation tomorrow, Joe Thornton is destined to become a captain without a team.
China's booming economy has fuelled a 40 jump in crude oil imports so far this year, official figures show.
Quentin Griffin took off the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before racing into the end zone.
The hybridization of European soccer might have improved the game on the continent, but it is also highlighting the lack of emphasis on player development.
There is symbolism in the matchup: two Big East teams, each moving into a new neighborhood, opening up their conference schedule.
Two decisive victories last Saturday vaulted the universities of Massachusetts and New Hampshire into the top 10 in the latest Division 1-AA football poll.
It turns out Richard Awa was just warming up when he scored a hat trick in Waltham's first game this season.
Inzamam-ul-Haq promises Pakistan will treat Kenya "very seriously" in their game at Edgbaston on Tuesday.
The therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a Japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers.
Students should be able to make their university applications after their A-level results, says an official report.
High-definition television is set to take off in Europe in the coming year, say TV executives.
Prince Charles attends the premiere of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Woman in White.
Oil prices have been at record highs this year, with money gushing into the coffers of oil producers thanks to the world #39;s growing thirst for oil.
The focus here the last couple of days has been on the health of Canada goalie Martin Brodeur and whether his jammed left wrist would 
Entering the inaugural Monday night outing of 2004, conventional wisdom was that the Green Bay Packers would need a supreme effort to come here and defeat the defending 
America should be an overwhelming favorite in the Ryder Cup golf matches that begin Friday on Detroit #39;s Oakland Hills course that Ben Hogan once called a monster.
For Hong Kong #39;s democracy activists, the results of legislative elections announced yesterday suggest that the deck will remain stacked against them for years to come.
One key difference between John Kerry and George Bush often cited in the presidential campaign is how each would enlist other nations in battling terrorists.
Roy E. Disney, a nephew of Walt Disney, and his financial adviser, Stanley P. Gold, called on directors of the Walt Disney Company to search for a successor for Michael 
Fashion chain French Connection says it is sticking with its controversial FCUK brand, after announcing a 12 percent increase in first-half profits.
Optimism that the embattled technology sector was ripe for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher yesterday, despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.
Who would have thought that stardust, the stuff of fairy tales and popular songs, could actually be collected on metal plates. It sounds funny, but this is no laughing matter.
As the International Atomic Energy Agency #39;s board met yesterday in Vienna to receive an update on the nuclear programs of North Korea 
Australian officials have been investigating unconfirmed reports that an Iraqi group has captured two Australian security workers in Iraq.
Delray Beach  A return to one of his favorite and most successful ATP Tour stops wasn #39;t enough to stop Jan-Michael Gambill #39;s slide.
Talks to try to resolve the Darfur crisis are due to resume on Tuesday, amid warnings the world is not giving enough financial aid to the refugees.
AP - A car bomb exploded near a police station in the Iraqi capital early Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and wounding dozens, officials said.
AP - A U.S. fighter jet crashed near the Tindal Royal Australian Air Force base in northern Australia on Tuesday, the Australian Defense Force said.
A Scottish university project is trying to persuade art students to consider a career in the games industry.
The Japanese electronics giant struck an agreement to buy the fabled movie studio yesterday after rival Time Warner dropped out of the race.
NEC Solutions America #39;s new four-processor Express5800/340Hb is designed for data-center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.
Texas reliever Frank Francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back-and-forth game with a playoff atmosphere.
More than 35 people were killed when a car bomb exploded at a police station and recruitment center in Haifa Street in central Baghdad, witnesses said.
At least 35 people have been killed in a huge blast in a crowded Baghdad market place close to an Iraqi police station, Reuters witnesses say.
Portions of Iraqs Sunni minority who live in the more rebellious population centers may be disenfranchised, US-installed interim Prime Minister told The Australian in an exclusive interview.
Hurricane science in the new century is a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
New research has opened a promising window on the phenomenon of dj vu, providing both possible explanations for the sensation and novel ways to create and measure it.
In a new study, scientists have found that the left and right ears process sound differently.
From the ruins of a failed logging venture in Chile's Tierra del Fuego, an effort to manage and preserve the world's southernmost old-forest wilderness is about to begin.
Description: With Hurricane Ivan approaching, oil companies evacuate hundreds of oil workers from drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
A US judge has cast doubt on European Commission evidence in the contested Oracle-PeopleSoft merger, undermining an argument Brussels may want to use if it decides to block it.
Australia's PM says he will not negotiate with terrorists who claim to have taken two Australians hostage.
At least three bombs have exploded in central areas of Spanish cities, according to the Spanish interior ministry following a warning by the Basque separatist group ETA.
In August, our European government bond trading desk executed an innovative transaction that sought to access the liquidity in the European government bond markets.
Consumer Prices Index inflation, the Governments target measure, fell to 1.3 per cent in August, down from 1.4 per cent in July.
Intel Corporation has touted what it says are significant changes that need to be made to the Internet #39;s architecture to make it safer, more useful, reliable and accessible.
Microsoft continues its battle to dominate digital music distribution, with news it plans to make its music services available to mobiles before Apple does.
On Monday afternoon, Tigers owner Mike Ilitch praised Ivan Rodriguez #39;s leadership. In the fourth inning Monday night, Rodriguez showed plenty of it.
AP - Bernhard Langer walked off the plane and cleared customs with his right fist wrapped tightly around the Ryder Cup trophy.
AP - As a freshman from Mississippi, defensive end Parys Haralson didn't know much about Tennessee's rivalry with Florida.
AFP - The European Commission said it had approved the acquisition by Spain's Repsol YSF of most of the Portuguese products and businesses belonging to Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell.
USATODAY.com - The newly restored THX 1138 arrives on DVD today with Star Wars creator George Lucas' vision of a Brave New World-like future.
AP - Miikka Kiprusoff is carrying the weight of a small European country aching for athletic success.
AP - Injured Mark Philippoussis has withdrawn from Australia's Davis Cup team for the World Group playoff against Morocco later this month.
Reuters - Brazil launched an emergency\plan on Friday to save what remains of its vast tropical\savanna, much of which has been cleared for farming in recent\decades.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will pledge Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
Talks between Alitalia and the unions were continuing on Tuesday as hopes rose of staving off bankruptcy at Italy's troubled national airline.
World crude prices rise amid fears that oil supplies from the Gulf of Mexico could be disrupted by Hurricane Ivan, and as saboteurs strike a pipeline in Iraq.
Volvo recalls 460,000 vehicles worldwide because a wiring problem could cause  fans to overheat and burn.
MUMBAI: It has been a long-running drama and it is Japanese electronics giant Sony Corp that has come out the winner at the end of it.
The Lazarus nameplate, a fixture on the retail landscape for 153 years, is coming off department store signs, joining Shillito #39;s as a defunct brand.
Nearly 17,000 Enron pension plan holders will see their benefits paid, thanks to pressure from the federal government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
The Free Standards Group (FSG) has revealed details of its Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, a specification aimed at preventing Linux fragmentation.
The semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on Tuesday.
The Wireless Optical Desktop Comfort Edition, with its mildly arced keypad, allows for easy typing while providing some relief for your wrists.
Microsoft ignored the apocalyptic weather threatening Florida yesterday to unveil the beta version of its Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!
com September 14, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Monday that weapons of mass destruction (WMD) may not be found in Iraq, while both Iraq and the United States expect the 
Israel #39;s Security Cabinet has approved a compensation package for Jewish settlers who will be removed from the Gaza Strip under the government #39;s pull-out plan.
China is reported to have sent heavily armed troops to protect its huge Three Gorges Dam against terrorist attack.
Fifty victims of the Beslan school siege remain in a serious condition in Moscow hospitals.
Women may be able to have unfertilised eggs routinely frozen during fertility treatment rather than just embryos after research.
Internet engineers are unhappy with Microsoft's plans for tracing where e-mails come from.
Some 60 psychiatric patients are released by a hospital in north-western Nigeria after nurses went on strike.
Pakistani troops attack a religious school in South Waziristan thought to house foreign al-Qaeda suspects.
People immunised against hepatitis B are at increased risk of multiple sclerosis, a study shows.
The Israeli army says two soldiers were injured when a Palestinians suicide bomber blew himself up at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday.
Big OLED screen, 802.11b, slick design, long-running battery...
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on this thorough reference
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; I (don't) SPY with my little eye
The agreement to aquire the venerable Hollywood studio and its valuable film library was reached after Time Warner Inc. dropped out of the bidding.
Household-scale renewable energy schemes could provide power for many British familes, conservationists say.
The UK Conservative Party has some challenging environmental policies, though there are several glaring gaps.
At least 47 people were killed at a Baghdad market today in an explosion that was believed to have been targeted at a nearby police station.
McAfee CEO George Samenuk looks beyond PCs to stave off marauding viruses in new areas, including 3G phones.
New CDMA-GSM phones are hitting the market. Are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
Rep. John Conyers says unnecessary political divisions have brought the Federal Communications Commission to a policy standstill.
Venezuela, OPEC #39;s third-largest oil producer, said the group shouldn #39;t raise its output targets at this week #39;s meeting in Vienna.
Oil prices jumped again Tuesday as Hurricane Ivan charged towards the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico and an explosion rocked Iraq #39;s recovering oil industry.
PARIS : French media giant Vivendi Universal reported a surge in its net loss so far this year but forecast a sharp turnaround in its finances for all of 2004.
Users accustomed to removing the memory card from one of their consumer electronic devices and plugging it into another will soon be able to do the same with mobile phones from Nokia Corp.
IBM Corp. on Tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification (RFID) technology.
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said Monday.
New Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has targeted the former Manchester United defender to cover for the loss of Jonathan Woodgate to Real Madrid.
Trading in shares of Swedish health care company Gambro AB were halted Monday by the Stockholm Stock Exchange amid a report that a US company was poised to buy one of its units.
The Sony Corporation today agreed to buy the Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and its valuable film library after rival Time Warner withdrew from the bidding.
Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said on Monday.
When Novell #39;s Linux desktop arrives at the end of this year it will be stripped down to avoid integration problems and to keep it simple for users.
Wireless equipment maker LM Ericsson said Monday it has received a contract worth about \$150 million US (122.4 million euros ) from Shandong Mobile Communication Co.
NEWCASTLE, ENGLAND -- Newcastle United are on the verge of signing former Manchester United and Aston Villa defender Ronny Johnsen on a short-term contract.
Japan has confirmed a new case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy -- the third discovery of the brain-wasting illness in the country this year.
Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the BBC he believes time is running out on tackling climate change.
UBS continued to sweep up private banking assets yesterday with the purchase of the North America wealth management business of Julius Baer, the Swiss private bank.
In a move that may have been designed to reassure shareholders, Walt Disney CEO Michael Eisner has announced that he will retire from the company when his contract ends in 2006.
THE flagship Boots store on Princes Street is to lose its dentistry and chiropody clinics as part of a nationwide cutback of services by the company.
US hurricane forecasters say the worst may not yet be over for the 2004 season in the Atlantic, based on a trend of above-normal activity during seven of the last nine seasons.
US financial services giant Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) regrets its controversial sale of around 11 billion euros (\$13.
Antivirus firm Symantec is facing a denial-of-service attack on its Web site from the latest version of the MyDoom worm. Authors of MyDoom.
Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco allegedly hurled a chair at some fans heckling the Ranger bullpen after the Rangers hit a ninth inning game tying homer in Oakland.
The anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks went by, mixed with the news of the dreadful incident in the Russian school in Beslan; there were nearly 350 victims, mostly children.
Competitors are still going at it in Athens, but this time the teams are trying to write the most elegant code. By Michelle Delio.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks were mixed Monday as investors reacted to modestly higher oil prices.
Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
Union officials and leaders at AB Ports are meeting conciliation experts to try to reach an agreement in the docks crisis.
The World Urban Forum hears a call for governments to think beyond merely recovering from natural disasters.
Sky Team, one of the worlds three airline alliances, announced that Continental Airlines, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Northwest Airlines officially joined the alliance at its governing board in New York, Monday.
Cheaper clothes prices helped to lower the UK inflation rate in August, with the consumer prices index (CPI) down to 1.3 from 1.4 in July.
Former Republic of Ireland international teammates Dean Kiely and Rory Delap enjoyed a personal battle as Charlton and Southampton played out a 0-0 draw at the Valley on Monday night.
The Indonesian police have conducted DNA tests on 117 small pieces of bodies found in the scene of a deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, and also on family 
AP - Longer and more intense heat waves throughout California in the decades ahead will lead to more heat-related deaths in several major cities, according to a new report.
AP - It started out listening for enemy submarines, once plied the oceans searching for drug traffickers and recently ran aircraft surveillance for ships gearing up for duty in the Iraq war.
The eight west African states that use the CFA franc prepare to replace their banknotes in an effort to halt counterfeiting.
Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
Almost one-third of Mesa Countys employers plan to hire additional workers during the final three months of this year, according to a survey by a nationwide temporary-services firm.
It was a battle between the some of the league #39;s best offensive and defensive lines. Packers have pieced together one of the better offensive lines in the NFC.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a call from a key political rival from his own Likud Party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.
AFP - US retail sales fell 0.3 percent in August, marking the third decline in the past five months, according to an estimate from the Commerce Department.
Trading in shares of Swedish health care company Gambro AB were halted Monday by the Stockholm Stock Exchange following a report that the US dialysis company DaVita Inc.
A self-professed guru of offshore tax havens was sentenced to six months in prison Monday for conspiring to defraud the Internal Revenue Service after prosecutors urged a 
UK-based envoy Akhmed Zakayev warns of more bloodshed in Chechnya unless peace talks are held.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Ahman Green ran up, down and all over the defending NFC champion Carolina Panthers...
US retail sales dipped in August and the US gap with its international trade partners widened to a record level in the second quarter of the year, government reports released on Tuesday showed.
US stocks opened little changed on Tuesday as concerns over higher oil prices damaging corporate profits weighed on investor sentiment, while a dip in retail sales also dampened the mood.
Japanese technology companies Canon and Toshiba said Tuesday that they would invest \$1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
A technical working group at the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) last weekend voted to veto a proposal by Microsoft that was designed to identify the real source of email messages.
The B-52 #39;s have recorded a cover of the Beatles #39; Paperback Writer for a Buick TV commercial that begins airing September 19 in the United States.
IBM plans to announce Monday that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups. The move is a tactical step by IBM to accelerate the development 
OAKLAND, Calif. - The way hes been batting lately, Eric Chavez figured Laynce Nix would surely get a glove on his line drive to center field.
World soccer #39;s governing body said Tuesday it had won a US legal dispute over World Cup rights with a Florida-based Internet company that focuses on Latin America.
One winter of big spending brought the Detroit Tigers back from one of the worst seasons in baseball history. Now owner Mike Ilitch suggests that he #39;s planning a repeat performance.
Manchester United may have captured the hottest property in world soccer by signing Wayne Rooney, but Lyon believes it has unearthed the new Ronaldo.
The WAC is better than the Big East. I became convinced of that this past weekend after watching Boise State dismantle Oregon State and Fresno State pummel then-No.
Malaysia has detected a new outbreak of bird flu in a village in north-east Kelantan state, the sixth to be hit by the deadly virus in a month, officials announced today.
Sen. Barbara Mikulski tried out a new touch-screen voting machine that was displayed at a local festival and got an erroneous result, an aide said.
The BBC's Peter Gibbs explains why hurricanes happen, and what can be done to limit their impact.
Nearly half of those jobs disappeared after the recession's official end, with San Francisco and Boston being hit the hardest.
The European electronics giant will integrate Oblix's access management software and Web services security products.
AP - Terrell Owens' impact is easy to see in the statistics, where the big-gain catches and flashy touchdowns have often led to regular-season wins.
AFP - Yahoo said it was buying digital music group Musicmatch for about 160 million dollars in cash in a move aimed at boosting the Internet portal's online music offerings.
MADRID The Basque separatist group ETA struck Monday for the second time in days, exploding seven small bombs in seven cities throughout Spain, the Interior Ministry said.
AP - Taylor Dent defeated Australian qualifier Peter Luczak 6-3, 6-2 in a rain-delayed first-round match at the China Open on Tuesday.
Two lawyers appointed to defend Slobodan Milosevic on war crimes charges ask for his trial to be suspended.
Retail sales dipped in August and the U.S. gap with its international trade partners widened to a record level in the second quarter of the year, two reports showed today.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen opening in a subdued mood with the release of August's retail sales report likely to influence overall sentiment...
TOKYO - Sony Corp. is banking on the \$3 billion deal to acquire Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...
Britain #39;s inflation rate fell in August further below its 2.0 percent government-set upper limit target with clothing and footwear prices actually falling, official data showed on Tuesday.
Talks between Alitalia and the airline #39;s unions continued on Tuesday as hopes rose of side-stepping bankruptcy before Wednesday #39;s deadline.
Russian President Putin approved the suggestion made by Prime Minister Fradkov to promptly liberalize the share market of natural gas monopoly Gazprom .
San Francisco based, Free Standards Group, a nonprofit organization that develops and promotes open source software standards, announced the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0.
Arsene Wenger today renewed his attack on Real Madrid for the methods they use to sign players. The Arsenal manager sparked a row with the Spanish giants on the day the new 
Ricky Ponting is refusing to look beyond this week #39;s crunch match against New Zealand to the possibility of an ICC Champions Trophy semi-final for Australia against hosts England.
Dennis Roach, the agent of Mark Hughes, has revealed that the Wales national team coach is interested in the vacant managerial position at Blackburn.
Heavy smoke billows from the site of a car bomb explosion outside the headquarters of Baghdad Police in the Haifa Street area of Baghdad, considered a bastion of Saddam Hussein loyalists.
The Federal Government has sent a team of Defence personnel, police and other officials to Iraq as it tries to verify a claim that two Australians have been kidnapped by Islamic militants.
Hurricane Ivan is moving through the Gulf of Mexico, with parts of Mexico and the US on severe weather alert.
Leading OPEC producer Saudi Arabia said on Monday in Vienna, Austria, that it had made a renewed effort to deflate record high world oil prices by upping crude output again.
After 106 years serving customers from early settlers to sophisticated ladies, Burdines,  quot;the Florida store, quot; will be no more.
Torrential rain caused havoc at the China Open as American Taylor Dent and Noam Okun of Israel were the only players to reach the second round on Tuesday.
It follows the announcement last week that Zurich would not be able to host any of the 2008 European football championship games, owing to a legal wrangle over plans for a new stadium.
ZIMBABWE face fancied Sri Lanka at the Oval today needing a huge win to stay in the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions Trophy.
Campaigner Jason Hatch has been released on police bail after staging a protest on a ledge at Buckingham Palace while dressed as Batman.
A car bomb Tuesday ripped through a busy market near a Baghdad police headquarters where Iraqis were waiting to apply for jobs on the 
Terrorists set off a bomb at the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia. At least nine people were killed and one-hundred-eighty wounded.
There was relief in the eyes of Manuel Musu yesterday after his five-year-old daughter Manny opened her eyes and said,  quot;Papa quot;.
AP - A 10-month-old boy has become the seventh person hospitalized with bird flu symptoms in Thailand since a teenager died of the disease last week, officials said Tuesday.
The largest window built for use in space has been completed, promising a spectacular view from the International Space Station.
The UN nuclear agency says it needs more time to decide whether Iran has a nuclear weapons programme.
Vivendi Universal posted a first-half net loss Tuesday that almost doubled to 1.86 billion, as it was hit by currency translation losses linked to its entertainment deal with NBC.
LONDON, England -- Wales coach Mark Hughes has admitted he is interested in taking over as manager of Blackburn, who have lost Graeme Souness to Newcastle.
Malaysia says it has found a new outbreak of bird flu outside a 10-kilometer quarantine zone imposed around the first village hit in the latest wave of the virus.
Big Blue also introduces radio tag services for midsized suppliers working under mandates from retail giants such as Wal-Mart.
Cisco Systems Inc. this week announced plans to acquire Dynamicsoft Inc., a maker of carrier VoIP software based on Session Initiation Protocol.
Two-year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end.
At a fairytale English castle, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland will this week attempt to broker an unlikely marriage of convenience between the two extremes of Northern Irish politics.
The Arabic-language television channel al-Jazeera has broadcast footage of a Jordanian truck driver apparently taken hostage in Iraq.
The therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a Japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations.
Vijay Singh has won the US PGA Tour player of the year award for the first time, ending Tiger Woods #39;s five-year hold on the honour.
Russian president Vladimir Putin backs plans to end restrictions on the foreign ownership of shares in energy giant Gazprom.
More American companies expect to add jobs in the fourth quarter than a year ago, even as they remain cautious about hiring, a new survey said.
(Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins continue their pursuit of the National League wild card spot, as they continue a five-game series against the Montreal Expos.
ALMOST 24 hours after an insurgent group said it had captured two Australian security guards in Iraq, the Government was still unable to confirm or deny the claim.
Not for the first time, events in Iraq are straining relations between two traditionally close allies, Turkey and the United States.
VIENNA, Austria - Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
Beijing, China (Sports Network) - American Taylor Dent was one of only two winners on a rainy Tuesday at the inaugural \$500,000 China Open.
Israel has stepped up annexation of Palestinian farms and fields in various parts of the West Bank, ignoring a landmark ruling by the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
Yahoo said today that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Yahoo's digital music site.
The UK's switch to digital television could begin as soon as 2007, according the media watchdog Ofcom.
Uhuru Kenyatta, leader of Kenya's former ruling party, apologises for mistakes made over the past 40 years.
President Robert Mugabe accuses the UK of sheltering three bankers accused of corruption.
Israeli police examine death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, amid mounting opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.
Cell phone manufacturers are teaming up to bring mobile television to your handset.
Big Blue also introduces radio tag services for midsize suppliers working under mandates from retail giants such as Wal-Mart.
update IBM on Tuesday announced two new sets of radio frequency identification services, targeting companies in the industrial and manufacturing sectors, as well as midsize retail suppliers.
(Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics try to strengthen their hold atop the American League West this evening when they start a four-game series with the Texas Rangers at the Coliseum.
(Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins continue their pursuit of the National League wild card spot, as they continue a five-game series against the Montreal Expos.
IRAQ #39;S President Ghazi Yawar arrived in Brussels today for talks with NATO and EU officials on how they can help his war-scarred country.
AP - Glenn Presnell, who starred for the Detroit Lions in the 1930s and later spent 28 years as a college head coach and athletic director, is dead at 99.
AP - 1912  #151; Joe Wood of the Boston Red Sox pitched his 16th consecutive victory to tie Walter Johnson's record as he beat the St. Louis Browns 2-1.
AFP - The US House of Representatives has unanimously adopted a resolution expressing concern about human rights in Syria.
UK mobile handset manufacturer Sendo has ended a long legal wrangle with US software company Microsoft through an out-of-court settlement.
com September 14, 2004, 9:12 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
The United Nations Environment Programme (Unep) has said it will help Iraq clean up the toxic pollution caused by a decade of conflict.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced another entry in its line of .NET development tools, adding Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition to the mix.
Companies to create real-time, rich-media collaboration for Windows Messenger users and later for Office Live Meeting users.
Sri Lanka struggle to a four-wicket win over a gallant Zimbabwe side at the Champions Trophy.
The two companies reach a settlement and sign a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.\
A test can tell if TB patients have stopped taking their medicine, which increases the risk of drug resistant strains.
Porter Goss pledged to Congress today that he would conduct business in a nonpartisan way and would cooperate with lawmakers.
Thirty years ago, first-year graduate students boarded a crowded train and asked someone for a seat. What happens when you repeat the experiment?
Reuters - High-speed access to Ireland's \information superhighway is being denied to many because their\telephone lines are simply not up to the task, critics claim.
AFP - A French appeals court acquitted three photographers of charges they broke privacy laws by photographing Diana, Princess of Wales the night of her fatal accident in Paris in 1997.
PC World - Upcoming mobile phones will support Secure Digital flash memory.
US retail sales fell 0.3 in August as rising energy costs and bad weather persuaded shoppers to reduce their spending.
Russian president Vladimir Putin has backed plans to end restrictions on the foreign ownership of shares in Russian energy giant Gazprom.
In the past, IBM has offered Linux as an option on its pSeries Power4 line, and has also offered Linux in certain partitions on its iSeries products.
IBM will donate key speech-recognition software to the open-source Apache Foundation in hopes of promoting standardization in speech-enabled applications.
Modest mission accomplished against Zimbabwe, England are through to what is in effect a quarter-final against Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl on Friday.
Mark Hughes career as a player and international manager has been characterised by a battling nature and win-at-all-costs attitude.
The internet's most heavily trafficked site is muscling in on the online music sector through its acquisition of Musicmatch in a \$160 million deal announced Tuesday.
Virus writers have grafted a network sniffer into the latest variant of the SDBot worm series.
The two companies reach a settlement and sign a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.\
Seventh seed Taylor Dent of the United States has eased past Australian Peter Luczak in the first round of the rain-interrupted China Open at the Beijing Tennis Center.
AFP - Russia said that it did not expect North Korea to agree to resume faltering six-way talks about its nuclear weapons program as scheduled this month.
The US Congress has been paying tribute to the hundreds of people killed in the terrorist takeover of a school in southern Russia, as well as other recent incidents in that country.
South Korean officials said Tuesday they were trying to verify North Korea #39;s claim that a huge explosion last week was caused by the demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project.
Yahoo buys the online jukebox provider MusicMatch to tap into the appetite for song downloads.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Novell on Monday used its annual 
The mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
More than 650 items belonging to Johnny Cash and his wife June Carter Cash are being auctioned in New York.
Joe Gibbs and the Redskins are the only team to have a referee on staff to, among other things, help review replay challenges during games.
Cleveland Browns running back Lee Suggs has been cleared by doctors to return to practice this week. However, there is still some haziness about his medical condition.
US crude leapt about \$1.50-a-barrel yesterday as petroleum giants evacuated thousands of workers from the Gulf of Mexico ahead of Hurricane Ivan.
Sony is a step closer to acquiring famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in a \$3 billion deal that would give it a considerable library of more than 4,100 titles.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
There is currently some confusion over the status of Sender ID in the IETF #39;s MARID working group which has been considering the proposed standard.
rwven writes  quot;MSNBC is reporting that the engine on SpaceShipOne has been modified to provide more thrust, for a longer amount of time.
Texas reliever Frank Francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back-and-forth game with a playoff atmosphere.
Monaco coach Didier Deschamps admits Liverpool will face a weaker side on Wednesday than the one which reached last season #39;s Champions League final.
The mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
Charles Schwab Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to pay a fine of \$350,000 related to the processing of certain mutual fund orders.
Forrester Research analyst Jonathan Penn said that even if competing standards emerge, the rise of more advanced e-mail validation technology will likely be one of the most powerful tools against spam.
TAMPA - The Lightning have signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year contract, the Stanley Cup champions announced today. Terms were not disclosed.
Hurricane Ivan #39;s massiveness can be seen in this view of the storm from the international space station. The photograph was made Saturday when Ivan was over the Caribbean.
US grocery retailer Kroger has reported lower second-quarter net earnings, hit by the early redemption of debt and the continuing after-effects of the labour dispute in Southern California.
Hand-held computer and scanner maker Symbol Technologies Inc. and wireless network equipment maker Proxim Corp. settled their patent dispute, the companies said Tuesday.
WALL Street #39;s broad market indicators ended nearly flat today after an early rally attempt ran out of steam, but tech stocks held on for solid gains.
The first computer worm to eavesdrop on network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts. The SDBot.
com September 14, 2004, 10:45 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Microsoft this week previewed its upcoming Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition, which will ship next year. The company says the tool will help software developers in small to mid-size organizations 
On second thought, Florida State has opted against using its second option at quarterback. After three days of meetings, debate and some 
After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable.
Arab foreign ministers agreed on Tuesday to avoid a position on United Nations intervention in the Syrian-Lebanese relationship after Syria and Jordan disagreed on the right approach.
Shares of Allied Waste Industries Inc. opened lower Tuesday following another pullback in earnings expectations. The Scottsdale-based waste hauler Tuesday cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time 
Internet portal Yahoo is looking to boost its music offerings with the purchase of Musicmatch for 160 million dollars. The all-cash deal is intended to give Yahoo increased 
Nokia on Tuesday said it has joined an industry group working on technical and specification standards for Secure Digital memory card applications.
AP - Steve Smith had surgery Tuesday on his broken left leg, leaving the Carolina Panthers searching for replacements for their top receiver and punt returner.
AP - The Cleveland Indians called up right-hander Kyle Denney to start Tuesday night against Detroit.
AP - The Tampa Bay Lightning re-signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year contract Tuesday.
Europe are banking on another talismanic display from Colin Montgomerie at this week #39;s Ryder Cup, according to his team mate Darren Clarke.
Labor problems and debt retirement contribute to Kroger's second-quarter slip.
AP - The link between the stock market and the economy sometimes can sound like the chicken and the egg scenario  #151; Which comes first?
AFP - Jordan has launched a broadband Internet network to link eight state universities in an initiative unveiled on the sidelines of a two-day IT forum that got underway.
AFP - The dollar dipped amid concerns about the US position with the rest of the world following data showing a record current account deficit in the second quarter.
AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean Tuesday and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Reuters - Syria and Lebanon rejected any outside\role in shaping their relations Sunday, a day after a top State\Department official said Damascus should pull its troops from\its small neighbor.
Thousands of Colombia's indigenous Indians call on rebels and paramilitaries to respect their lands.
Hurricanes, weak back-to-school sales, and weak European business bring an earnings warning.
Porter J. Goss, President Bush's nominee to head the Central Intelligence Agency, promised his full cooperation with lawmakers.
Continental Airlines, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Northwest Airlines Corp. have joined the SkyTeam Airline Alliance. This will allow passengers to accrue frequent flyer miles interchangeably 
Symbol Technologies and Proxim Corporation said Tuesday (Sept. 14) that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless LAN (WLAN)technology.
Spanish right sided midfielder Antonio Nunez is still missing with an ankle injury while back-up keeper Chris Kirkland is doubtful with a back problem.
A group of Bushmen are touring the U.S. to raise funds for a court battle against the Botswana government over ancestral lands in the Kalahari Game Reserve.
Scientists are investigating whether global warming is linked to declining penguin populations on South Africa's Prince Edward Islands and Antarctica.
For environmentally minded urbanites, no kitchen is complete without an accessory that treats hundreds of wriggling, red guests to dinner: a composting worm bin.
SAP America and ADP are partnering to add HR and payroll services to SAP's Business One software for small companies.
roundup Plus: Web services security outfits merge...Groups push on for TV on cell phones...Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares.
SanDisk announces that it plans to supply Samsung Electronics with 32MB miniSD cards for its SPH-S2300 cell phone.
The electronics giant has begun production of next-generation screens using organic light-emitting diode technology.
Company hopes the \$160 million purchase will make it a major player in the music market.
The Associated Press is reporting that film and television studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. has agreed to let itself be bought out by a consortium headed by Sony.
Reuters - Carolina\Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith underwent successful surgery\on his broken left leg Tuesday and needs at least eight weeks\to rehab.
AP - Forward Andrew Peters re-signed with the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday.
 CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Sports Network) - Carolina  Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith underwent successful surgery  on his broken left leg Tuesday and needs at least eight weeks  to rehab.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team this evening announced that French-Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will test for the team at Silverstone.
Companies will demonstrate how their technology will work together.
A vendor is pushing products designed to let admins manage whole infrastructures from a Windows computer. By Larry Greenemeier. In a bid to help systems administrators extend their Windows-management tools 
Variety has set the speculation machines on fire today by reporting that Apple and The Beatles are close to a settlement in the two companies #39; legal dispute.
MEXICO CITY, September 13.- The number of fatalities caused by Hurricane Ivans passage through the Caribbean rose to at least 70 this Monday.
AP - The State Department welcomed on Tuesday the arrival in China of a delegation representing the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
Hurricane science in the new century is a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
IBM will offer a range of new services to help industrial firms respond to retail and government pressure to implement radio-frequency identification.
Barring a last-minute contract settlement, National Hockey League owners plan to authorize a lockout of players tomorrow after the current labor agreement expires.
A proposed technology for identifying the source of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) established to 
roundup Mozilla aims for 1 million downloads of its open-source browser in the next 10 days. Also: Common ground for Linux backers.\
roundup Plus: Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives...Web services security outfits merge...Groups push on for TV on cell phones.
NewsFactor - Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has signed a licensing agreement to support the use of Secure Digital (SD) flash memory cards in its \cell phones.
NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) will contribute \speech recognition software to the \open source community in the hope of promoting standardized and compatible speech-enabled applications.
AP - With Hurricane Ivan threatening the Gulf Coast and cleanup still under way after hurricanes Charley and Frances, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued 42 disaster declarations so far this year.
AP - Champion skier Jeremy Bloom told a sympathetic congressional panel Tuesday that the NCAA cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
AP - New York Jets safety Erik Coleman got his souvenir football from the equipment manager and held it tightly.
AP - The Ryder Cup is a renaissance for 50-year-old Jay Haas, although redemption also comes to mind.
A Census Bureau survey says 60 of revenue for IT services came from business in 2Q. Agency buys accounted for just 37. By Eric Chabrow.
The Mozilla Foundation on Tuesday launched a version of its stand-alone Firefox browser that incorporates all the features of the final which is scheduled to ship in the fourth quarter.
Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard decided to leave returning hero Henrik Larsson on the bench for tonights glamour Champions League Group F opener at Parkhead.
Canadian former world champion Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault at Silverstone on Wednesday and Thursday, the Formula One team said.
After months on the Wall Street diet, Vivendi shows off its slimmer self.
The inflation rate unexpectedly fell further below its 2.0 percent government-set target in August as clothing and footwear retailers raised prices by less than a year ago, official data shows.
IBM Tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification technology. Over the past several months, IBM has developed RFID services 
Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of email messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to include some of that company #39;s intellectual property in the specification.
Celtic striker Henri Camara is set to play alongside John Hartson in the Hoops attack in tonights Champions League clash with Spanish giants Barcelona at Celtic Park.
THE Test series between India and Australia is in danger of being blacked out after a court wrangle over awarding \$US308 million (\$443.
Saudi Arabia sought to regain some control of oil markets Tuesday, promising to make available 800,000 barrels a day of new oil by the end of the month and to keep pumping crude vigorously.
Brazil is the global capital for computer hacking and internet fraud, say experts at a conference in Brasilia.
PC World - German man sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit Microsoft products.
Start-up's new high-end Ethernet switches promise better port density, a challenge to second-tier sellers--or maybe to Cisco?
A planned offer from OurPictures hints at the day when camera phones could represent the mainstream way of snapping photos.
German man sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit Microsoft products.
Several Internet sources today reported that the Internet #39;s Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has officially turned thumbs down on the proposed Sender ID specification.
ANKARA - Turkey had met political criteria required for European Union (EU) full membership, Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul said on Tuesday.
The U.S. information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between March 2001 and April 2004, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report.
US Airways Group Inc. has warned a bankruptcy court that it is considering whether to freeze or terminate two pension plans covering nearly 25,000 participants, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Mozilla gets ready to launch what may become one of the most significant steps in Internet browser innovations since the release of the Internet Explorer 4.0.
Prime Minister Tony Blair may have considered quitting for family reasons earlier this year at one of the lowest points of his premiership, a close ally has said.
But are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  released on\Tuesday a patch for its latest "critical" rated security flaw\affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software\programs.
AP - So the San Diego Chargers shocked the NFL and won their season opener.
AP - House Republicans pushed through legislation Tuesday aimed at reducing frivolous lawsuits.
Relief pitcher Frank Francisco was arrested Tuesday on a charge of aggravated battery after he threw a chair that hit two fans during Monday's Rangers-Athletics game.
Apple Computer is slated to be in court this fall in England to answer claims that is infringing on a trademark agreement dating back to 1991.
Former Formula One world champion Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault at Silverstone this week. Renault said in a statement that the Iberville, Que.
MILWAUKEE (SportsTicker) - Barry Bonds tries to go where just two players have gone before when the San Francisco Giants visit the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday.
The worst attack was a car bomb explosion outside a police training center in Baghdad. At least 47 people, mostly new recruits, were killed and more than 100 wounded.
roundup Plus: SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD...Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives...Web services security outfits merge.
Security flaw involving JPEG files affects at least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems.
Bowing to the growing popularity of the Secure Digital memory card standard, Nokia has signed a licensing agreement to use SD cards in its cell phones.
Businesses that think their employees aren #39;t using IM or some type of peer-to-peer file sharing application may be living in ignorant bliss.
Come midnight EDT on Wednesday night, barring a miracle, the NHL lockout will finally begin. Few believe it will end any time soon.
A blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station yesterday and witnesses said at least 39 people were killed.
US and South Korean officials are still trying to verify what triggered a massive mushroom cloud in North Korea amid skepticism over Pyongyang #39;s explanation of the event.
Jeremy Bloom told a congressional panel Tuesday that the NCAA cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
A Japanese trainer paid \$8 million Tuesday for a colt by top sire Storm Cat at the Keeneland September Yearling Sale.
Allied Waste Industries Inc. cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time in three months Tuesday saying sales growth was coming from lower-margin businesses instead of the more profitable landfill operation.
ABB Inc. has reversed a decision to close its transformer plant in Guelph, Ont., saving 300 jobs, the union representing the workers said today.
PC World - Software giant teams with Polycom to boost sales of Live Communications Server.
AP - The Florida Marlins found an appropriately wild end for their weird stay in Chicago.
Business software giant Oracle Corp. said Tuesday that first-quarter earnings rose 16 percent driven by new database license sales that rose 19 percent.
The moment investors have been awaiting for years came unexpectedly Tuesday, when President Vladimir Putin backed plans to lift rules banning foreigners from buying local Gazprom shares.
The International Monetary Fund expressed concern Tuesday about the impact of the troubles besetting oil major Yukos on Russia #39;s standing as a place to invest.
 BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods accepts  he is under pressure to perform at this week's Ryder Cup.
As North Korea, South Korea, and Iran raise risks of an arms race, the global challenge to nonproliferation grows.
As an interpreter for the US Army, Khalid Ahmed faces constant taunts and death threats from fellow Iraqis.
Groups tied to Abu Musab Zarqawi claim a major car bombing Tuesday, taking Westerners as hostages.
Marcelo Bielsa resigns as coach of Argentina less than a month after steering the country to Olympic gold.
Several major IT vendors have agreed to support the Linux Standard Base 2.0, which establishes a global standard for the open-source operating system.
Computer Associates on Monday unveiled storage-management software designed to help customers keep costs in line. The CA BrightStor r11.
PITTSBURGH -- The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has given \$20 million to Carnegie Mellon University to help fund construction of a new computer science building.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Saturday #39;s Conference USA game between No. 24 Louisville and Tulane has been postponed due to the possible threat of Hurricane Ivan.
Zee TV Network has decided to take legal recourse in the battle over the controversial cricket telecast rights, as its board of directors has chosen not to submit fresh bids.
Brazilian Adriano scored both goals as Inter Milan beat Werder Bremen 2-0 in their opening match in Champions League Group G on Tuesday.
A car bomb ripped through a busy Baghdad market where Iraqis were gathering to join the police force Tuesday, and gunmen attacked a police van to the north, killing at least 
Iraqi elections should go ahead as planned in January despite mounting violence unless the United Nations says it is not feasible, interim President Ghazi al-Yawar says.
Oracle (ORCL) Tuesday reported a 16 rise in quarterly net income as the world #39;s second largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission cannot independently verify that every nuclear power plant is taking required safeguards to protect 
Oracle Corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to US\$563 million.
A preview page at Walmart.com reveals expected pricing and availability for Nintendo's DS handheld game player.
A new variant of the MyDoom virus is designed to launch a denial-of-service attack against antivirus software maker Symantec, according to security firm Sophos.
The United States and Iraq have issued an appeal at the UN Security Council for more help in establishing a democratically elected government in Baghdad.
Microsoft has released a "critical" patch to fix a security flaw affecting how Windows, Office and developer tools software programs process images in the JPEG image format.
The new SMASH protocol, which was demonstrated at Enterprise Management World, got good marks from data center managers at the event.
When the asset-tracking project goes live on Oct. 1, the hospital expects to be able to better track patients, clinicians and critical equipment.
A working group within the Internet Engineering Task Force voted not to proceed with an antispam technology standards proposal submitted by Microsoft because of concerns about intellectual property claims that the company is making.
A German court yesterday sentenced a second member of one of Europe's largest software counterfeiting rings to three years prison and handed down a sentence to his father for helping run front operations.
Tips to squeeze every last minute of power out of your notebook's battery.
Under the terms of the agreement, Proxim will pay Symbol \$23 million over the next two and a half years.
The RFID services from IBM will include consulting, business case development, technical proof of concept, pilots for the client and trading partners and full system implementation for industrial companies.
Sun Microsystems and Microsoft next month plan to reveal the work they have been doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said yesterday.
Xerox Corp. has won several new document services deals and updated its content management and workflow software, it announced Tuesday.
Vicente scored the opening goal and created the second to give Valencia a comfortable 2-0 victory over Anderlecht in their opening Champions League Group G match on Tuesday.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles made several roster moves on Tuesday, including bringing back Dorsey Levens and placing Shawn Andrews on injured reserve.
A car bomb has killed at least 47 people in the Iraqi capital, while an attack on an oil pipeline in the north left much of the country without power.
A remote attacker could take complete control over computers running many versions of Microsoft software by inserting malicious code in a JPEG image that executes through an unchecked buffer 
LONDON Two campaigners for fathers #39; rights who penetrated Buckingham Palace dressed in Batman and Robin costumes were released on bail Tuesday, the police said.
Anxious civilians trickled back into Tal Afar Tuesday, digging through the rubble of buildings flattened during a nearly two-week siege by US-led forces targeting 
CAIRO Arab foreign ministers agreed Tuesday to avoid a position on UN intervention in relations between Syria and Lebanon after Syria and Jordan disagreed over what approach to take.
AFP - Celtic crashed to their first ever Champions League defeat at Parkhead when they went down 3-1 to Spanish giants Barcelona in their Group F tie.
AP - Congressional investigators recommended Tuesday that the Census Bureau not include Americans living abroad as part of the U.S. census in 2010.
The Zimbabwean state could take a 50 stake in the country's leading mining companies to crack down on what it claims is illegal use of export earnings.
The panel recommended that the warning should say that antidepressants can sometimes lead children to become suicidal.
The UK Prime Minister, Tony Blair, issues a dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it.
AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig had surgery Monday to remove a cancerous lesion from his forehead.
Patches released for flaws in software package that lets Windows files and printers be shared by Unix and Linux systems.
A preview page at Walmart.com reveals expected pricing and availability for Nintendo's DS handheld game player.
The company reported net income of \$509 million in its first fiscal quarter, compared with \$440 million in income for the same quarter a year ago.
Handling of images could allow an attacker to take over your PC.
PC World - Handling of images could allow an attacker to take over your PC.
Reuters - Fancy an airplane trip that takes you\nowhere, costs about  #36;3,000, and may make you vomit?
With the backing of President Hugo Chavez, Venezuela is setting up a state-owned telecoms firm to challenge dominant foreign owned operators.
The prime minister issues a dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it.
AUSTIN Shares in Allied Waste Industries fell today after the waste hauler cut its 2004 profit outlook for the second time in as many months.
Yahoo and Musicmatch today announced they have signed an agreement for Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for approximately US\$160 million in cash.
CORAL GABLES  Miami coach Larry Coker admits it took him a while to come down from Friday night #39;s 16-10 overtime victory against Florida State.
Australia #39;s government hasn #39;t accounted for 27 citizens in Iraq after an Islamic group said it took two Australians hostage, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Software maker meets earnings projects but applications business languishes with unit's sales down 36 percent.
California football Coach Jeff Tedford received a new five-year contract Monday to lead the Golden Bears through the 2009 season. The new deal replaces his existing agreement, which had three years remaining.
Reuters - Philadelphia expanded free outdoor\wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a\multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early\2006.
A former well-known New York stockbroker pleaded guilty Tuesday to cheating his clients out of millions of dollars and generating fraudulent commissions for himself.
A security flaw in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images could allow an attacker to gain control over a computer running the software, Microsoft warned this week.
IBM is set to begin offering a range of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio-frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial firms and mid-size businesses.
She sees Xerox becoming more of an information-services firm. Observers are skeptical, but Mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary.
Philadelphia expanded free outdoor wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early 2006.
FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves and the New York Mets continue their five-game series following a doubleheader split Monday.
A member of the campaign group Fathers 4 Justice tonight claimed he took secret pictures inside Buckingham Palace more than a month before a fellow protester climbed the walls of the Queens official residence.
Lawmakers on Tuesday urged the US Securities and Exchange Commission to move to reform the oversight of credit-rating agencies, with one suggesting its power 
LONDON: Sri Lanka survived a scare as they nearly lost their opening match of the Champions Trophy at the hands of Zimbabwe at The Oval.
Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Vikings added some much- needed depth to its secondary on Tuesday by signing veterans Terrance Shaw and Ralph Brown.
AP - Arab foreign ministers backed Lebanon and Syria on Tuesday against international calls to remove Syrian forces from its tiny neighbor, even though several Arab nations have publicly stepped up pressure on Syria to comply.
The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning to lift Florida to a victory over the Montreal Expos at U.S. Cellular Field.
The computing giant talks up new storage products and plans after a major sales stumble.
A Florida park helps parents keep track of kids with radio ID tags from Texas Instruments.
Researchers say the industry bled 403,000 jobs between March 2001 and April 2004, and the high-tech market continues to shrink.
A security flaw in the way many Microsoft Corp. applications process JPEG images could allow an attacker to gain control over a computer running the software, Microsoft warned Tuesday.
A fight broke out at a major league baseball game between the Oakland A #39;s and Texas Rangers Monday night, and the incident should spark action to eliminate this problem in the future.
Sri Lanka made an unimpressive entry into the Champions Trophy as they overcame a magnificent Zimbabwe side by four wickets at The Oval.
Hal Sutton, at his press conference yesterday afternoon, was asked if his desperation to regain the Ryder Cup might encourage a repeat of the bad behaviour at Brookline in 1999.
SINN Fein boss Gerry Adams plans to start tomorrow #39;s Ulster peace talks by handing Tony Blair a bug found at the party #39;s offices.
Middlesbrough narrowed the gap within two points with the top four after grabbing a 3-2 win over Manchester City in the Premier League at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Oracle, the world #39;s second largest software producer, has seen first quarter profits surge 16 on the back of strong sales of database products.
A rift has emerged between the US and Europe over how harshly to deal with Iran and its suspect nuclear program. The Europeans are ignoring American suggestions and circulating their own recommendations to 
AP - The Supreme Court declined Tuesday to allow a Wisconsin anti-abortion group to run political ads this fall that criticize Democrats.
Strained relations between Eritrea and Ethiopia could prevent the Axum obelisk's return to Ethiopia from Italy.
A ban on hunting with dogs in England and Wales is expected to be backed by MPs on Wednesday.
Vendors Hewlett Packard, Alcatel and S2io each announced 10 Gigabit Ethernet products Monday that are aimed squarely at enterprise data centers.
A computer technician who prosecutors said made possible the largest identity theft in US history, surpassing \$US50 million (\$A71.
Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain thanks to two Didier Drogba goals to open Champions League play in style Tuesday.
American Taylor Dent has squeezed in an opening-round victory over Australian Peter Luczak before rain washed out the rest of the day #39;s play at the China Open at Beijing.
Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Red Wings Tuesday re-signed center Steve Yzerman to a one-year contract. Financial terms were not disclosed.
A rift has surfaced between the United States and the European Union over how to deal with Iran over its suspected nuclear weapons programme.
Malaysia #39;s former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim is expected to find out on Wednesday whether he can return immediately to active politics.
Oracle on Tuesday announced a 16 percent increase in its first-quarter net income, attributing the gain to demand for its database software, Oracle Database 10g.
Iran could acquire a nuclear bomb in the next one to four years and would become more willing to aid terrorist groups once it has an atomic 
JAKARTA A bomb in Jakarta 11 days before Indonesia #39;s presidential election may lead voters to decide a neck-and-neck race based on security concerns.
SAN FRANCISCO Business software maker Oracle #39;s quarterly earnings barely exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales.
AP - Jason Giambi returned to the New York Yankees' lineup Tuesday night for the first time since July 23, batting sixth against the Kansas City Royals.
AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Warnings on computer games are not big enough, and more needs to be done to help parents understand age limts, a government minister has said.
THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
SunTrust Banks (NYSE: STI) will close about 60 branches after the completion of its acquisition of Memphis, Tenn.-based National Commerce Financial Corp.
A computer technician who prosecutors said made possible the largest identity theft in US history, surpassing \$50 million (?40 million), pleaded guilty Tuesday 
Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba netted twice to fire last season #39;s semifinalists Chelsea to a clinical 3-0 victory over hapless Paris St.
MILWAUKEE (Ticker) -- Barry Bonds tries to go where just two players have gone before when the San Francisco Giants visit the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday.
Over 50 people were killed when a car bomb exploded at a police station and recruitment center in Haifa Street in central Baghdad.
The United States reassured Turkey over a military operation in northern Iraq which has reportedly claimed the lives of ethnic Turkmen civilians, but Ankara appeared unimpressed.
Australia hoped to finalise negotiations with East Timor over oil and gas reserves by the end of the year, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Oracle Corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to \$563 million.
VIENNA: Oils record price surge has thrust the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) into the political spotlight more than any time since the 1970s.
AP - Highlights from the eight states that held primaries Tuesday:
AP - San Francisco quarterback Tim Rattay and running back Kevan Barlow are questionable for Sunday's game at Arizona, the latest misery in the 49ers' 1-11 season.
Several OPEC members argued that the organization should raise its price band, but ministers remained deadset against hiking its official production quotas in a bid to stabilize the oil market.
The rate of inflation rose in August for the fourth successive month as this year #39;s series of interest rate rises drove up the cost of buying a house.
Now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem: bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives.
The intensity, expectation and pressure began to heighten for the 35th Ryder Cup on Tuesday as the United States and Europe completed the first day of official team practice.
A vulnerability in Windows XP and other products means JPEG viruses may not remain just a hoary myth.\
AP - A lawsuit against Unocal Corp. over alleged atrocities that occurred during a 1990s pipeline project in Myanmar can proceed before a jury, a California judge ruled Tuesday.
AP - Sen. John Kerry trumpeted his health care program Tuesday as a recipe to bring down soaring medical costs, rejecting Republican contentions that a Democratic plan would mean a government takeover.
AP - The commission that proposed three presidential candidate debates says time is running out for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on details so organizers can finalize their plans.
US retail sales dipped in August and the most comprehensive gauge of the US international trade gap widened to a record in the second quarter, government reports released on Tuesday showed.
Tightness in the labour market notwithstanding, the prospects for hiring in the third quarter are down from the second quarter, according to the new Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
Turkey yesterday shelved plans to criminalise adultery which were threatening the country #39;s prospects of joining the European Union.
AP - With little debate, House lawmakers on Tuesday included themselves as part of a pay raise that all federal employees will receive next year.
The government is set to unveil standards for the healthcare of children and adolescents on Wednesday.
Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa has made a surprising decision of resigning on Tuesday after he steered his country to their first Olympic soccer gold medal in Athens.
#NAME?
#NAME?
North Korea may delay discussions to prepare a fourth round of six-nation talks aimed at dismantling the communist nation #39;s nuclear programs, US and UK government officials said.
France #39;s largest media group, Vivendi Universal, yesterday revealed that first-half net losses had nearly trebled to 1.86bn (1.
The European commission yesterday lambasted European carmakers for an unprecedented campaign to overturn its plans to throw open the 10bn (6.
Boots is to shut down its lossmaking dentistry and chiropody services as part of its drive to focus on its high street retail chain.
AP - The World Cup returned to Canada after 13 long years. How long hockey will be gone is anyone's guess.
Ziff Davis - Belkin on Tuesday announced a wireless remote technology that would beam live video to a remote monitor.
The new product incorporates commercial and open source networking platforms with integrated management tools and identity-based services.
AP - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi arrived in Brazil on Tuesday on the first leg of a three-country trip that will also include Mexico and the United States.
AFP - Australia sent a special hostage rescue team to Iraq as it tried to unravel the mystery surrounding claims that Islamic militants had kidnapped two Australian security guards, officials said.
Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday\to force international action on global warming, despite the\reluctance of big powers like the United States.
The hotel business in Washington has largely bounced back since Sept. 11, 2001, argue some of the 3,800 hotel workers threatening a strike, but not for them.
Redskins linebacker Antonio Pierce was impressive during Sunday's 16-10 win. But just as significant was the leadership and intelligence he exhibited leading up to the game.
TORONTO, Sept. 14 -- The World Cup returned to Canada after 13 long years.
Once the Ryder Cup matches begin Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club, the ideals of sportsmanship and civility will be more difficult to achieve than they are to talk about.
Virginia Tech officials have been in contact with their counterparts at Duke as well as the ACC over concern about the impact Hurricane Ivan might have on Saturday's game.
Howard's 0-2 start and the threat of rain from Hurricane Ivan have slowed ticket sales for Saturday's Prince George's Classic at FedEx Field, organizers said Tuesday.
In a move to expand its role in the online music business, Yahoo will buy Musicmatch, a company that sells music online, for \$160 million.
The United States hit a record deficit of \$166.2 billion last quarter in trade and capital flows with the rest of the world.
Oil ministers are meeting to consider raising the formal output ceiling as crude prices remain stubbornly high despite OPEC's persistent efforts to lower them.
The federal loan board that was created in 2001 to help assure the survival of the floundering airline industry may ultimately face the opposite task.
Following the release Tuesday of a new interoperable version of Linux, analysts said the standard should go along way towards preventing a serious roadblock to widespread acceptance of Linux 
na move to expand its role in the online music business, Yahoo announced yesterday that it would buy Musicmatch, a company that sells music online, for \$160 million.
The Ryder Cup is always emotional, which ensures that it will be compelling. No other event in golf stirs up similar passions, and nobody involved seems immune to it.
The Oracle Corporation reported Tuesday that first-quarter earnings had risen 16 percent on strong demand for its flagship database programs, enabling the company 
Brokerage giant Charles Schwab Corp. agreed yesterday to pay \$350,000 to end a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into allegations that its brokers improperly allowed some 
Wherever Barry Bonds turned Tuesday night, he was confronted with another symbol of his conflicting legacy. Hanging over his head in left field was Hank Aaron #39;s retired No.
Amazon.com, the e-commerce giant, plans to take aim at the Internet search king Google with a new advanced technology.
AP - Felipe Lopez hit a tiebreaking two-run triple in the sixth inning and the Cincinnati Reds held on to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-6 Tuesday night.
The 35th Ryder Cup begins Friday, when the United States faces Europe at Oakland Hills Country Club.
Animal-rights activists demand a boycott of a Toronto screening of a flim about killing a cat.
In what might have been the last high-level hockey game for a long time in North America, Canada won the World Cup of Hockey.
Oracle Corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the Justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc.
A Los Angeles judge on Tuesday refused to throw out a lawsuit against Unocal Corp. over human rights abuses during the building of a pipeline in Myanmar.
Scottish champions Celtic saw their three-year unbeaten home record in Europe broken Tuesday as they lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League Group F opener.
President Vladimir Putin #39;s move to enhance his power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security services that 
The latest variant of the SDbot worm contain network-sniffing software that enables it to retrieve passwords from other computers connected to the target PC.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has praised his team following the 3-0 Group H UEFA Champions League victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Australia vowed yesterday never to negotiate with terrorists amid claims Iraqi militants have kidnap-ped two Australians and will execute them unless Canberra withdraws its troops from the country.
Porter J. Goss said that rebuilding the C.I.A. would take more than five years and that spies must take more risks.
AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea and second-seeded Mardy Fish won Tuesday night in the first round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships on Tuesday night.
Top drivers like Matt Kenseth have saved many of their alloted testing sessions for NASCAR's new season-ending 10-race playoffs.
In California, a Laotian refugee remembers the long suffering of his country's Hmong tribespeople
Troubling new research and a lack of transparency raise the likelihood of a new pandemic on the horizon
Pervez Musharraf's war on al-Qaeda and on Pakistan's domestic extremists has earned him many enemies
Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Kansas City Royals 4-0 Tuesday night.
Despite rapid growth in recent years, China #39;s leather industry still needs to improve the competitiveness to better weather possible impacts from growing international trade barriers, senior industry officials said.
One need look no further than the heated political and moral arguments about the United States led intervention in Iraq to see that forceful involvement in the affairs of a distant nation 
Reuters - Spanish police have temporarily\seized luxury and sports cars driven by people they\suspected of participating in an illegal road rally named\after a 1981 film starring Burt Reynolds.
A night after the Yankees gave up 17 runs in a loss, their outlook brightened considerably as Mike Mussina stifled the Kansas City Royals.
Opec members have split on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
Lion Nathan has been involved in the Chinese brewing industry since 1995 and its operations there employ more than 1,300 people, and produced 142 million litres of beer in the 2003 fiscal year.
A California judge on Tuesday kept alive a human rights lawsuit that claims energy giant Unocal Corp. should be held liable for the alleged enslavement of local residents during 
Security was stepped up around Buckingham Palace yesterday after the embarrassing lapse that allowed a protester dressed as Batman to storm the building.
Amid protests from womens groups and warnings from the EU, Turkeys government agreed to measures that would appear to scuttle its plans to introduce legislation making adultery a crime.
THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
Internet giant Yahoo! extended its reach in Net #39;s growing multimedia market today when it announced the deal to acquire media player software house MusicMatch.
The Ryder Cup matches were founded in 1927, in part, to promote sportsmanship and civility, and those ideals have been predominant themes in the run-up to what 
Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard praised Henrik Larsson #39;s contribution as the striker scored on his return to Parkhead in the 3-1 win over Celtic.
THE French media group Vivendi Universal today said that a surging net loss so far this year would give way to better-than-expected adjusted net income for 2004 as a whole.
Strength in the software giant #39;s mainstay product powered a healthy quarter. Weakness elsewhere shows why PeopleSoft is a target.
When the local government announced it was going to confiscate their homes and businesses to make room for a new development, residents of this village in southeastern China fought back.
AP - Tiger Woods has been chasing Jack Nicklaus in golf record books since he was a kid. When it comes to the Ryder Cup, though, Tiger doesn't mean Jack.
The US Army named the Scottsdale-based division of General Dynamics Corp. on Tuesday as the lead contractor on a multibillion-dollar battlefield communication program.
Shares in Allied Waste Industries Inc. slid 9 percent in heavy volume Tuesday after the company lowered its profit expectations for the second time this summer.
Amazon.com, the e-commerce giant, plans to take aim at the Internet search king Google with an advanced technology that the company says will take searches beyond 
Faced with pressures to deal with a spate of unanticipated natural disasters as well as with the election-year needs of dozens of key constituencies, Congress moved this week 
Batting practice barely had started Tuesday evening, but the Astros already had killed one bird. Although it was an accident when Chris Burke #39;s hard grounder killed a pigeon 
Over the first eight minutes it was hard to determine whether the Comets realized the desperate straits theywere in, trying to keep alive their faint playoff hopes.
The United States yesterday softened its threat of sanctions against Sudan #39;s oil industry in a new UN draft resolution demanding a halt to the violence in Darfur.
A massive car bomb demolished a streetside market near a police recruiting station in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing 47 persons and wounding at least 88 -ost of them aspiring officers.
Jerusalem - Israeli police have launched an investigation into anonymous telephone threats to kill Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently linked to his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip.
Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao ruled out multi-party democracy on Wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party #39;s grip on power.
MILAN Alitalia took a big step Tuesday toward resolving labor disputes that have threatened to push the Italian airline into bankruptcy, agreeing to new contracts with 2,300 pilots.
If the free-falling Mets have already decided to fire Manager Art Howe, he wants to be let go now instead of after the season.  quot;Why put me through this?
Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed 
AP - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.
The US administration seeks to refocus its spending in Iraq on better security and other short-term needs.
Retail sales dropped 0.3 percent in August, led by a decline in automotive purchases, after climbing 0.8 percent in July, the Commerce Department said.
Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa resigned out of the blue on Tuesday, less than one month after steering the twice world champions to their first Olympic soccer gold medal.
As he took the mound to start the fifth inning Tuesday night, 20-year-old Scott Kazmir caught himself getting caught up in the moment.
Felipe Lopez gave the Cincinnati Reds the lead in the sixth inning with his bat and made sure they kept it in the ninth with his glove.
MORE than 20,000 workers and victims rallied across Australia today, pledging to force James Hardie Industries to meet its responsibilities to those suffering asbestos related diseases.
On Tuesday, Microsoft warned its customers that several of its products are vulnerable to a flaw in the way they handle JPEG graphics images.
At the BrainShare Conference in Barcelona , Spain , Novell chairman and CEO Jack Messman talked up Linux and renewed his company #39;s attack on rival Microsoft.
Sinn Fein has said its delegation will bring the listening device found in its Belfast headquarters to Leeds Castle in Kent where the political parties will assemble for talks.
At least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems affected. Also: The talking worm.
China's crackdown on white-collar crime sees four people executed for defrauding two of the country's biggest banks.
Senior interior ministry officials are due to meet in Dhaka amidst a souring of ties between India and Bangladesh.
Do-it-all convergence devices, plus a MiniDisc player, both tiny and high-end cameras, and big LCD TV debut this fall.
HBOS has dropped plans to bid for Abbey National, dampening hopes of a challenge to Spanish bank Santander #39;s agreed 8.8 billion pound takeover of Abbey.
The Free Standards Group has released Linux Standard Base 2.0, a new Linux standard that has gained the backing of most major Linux suppliers.
With a huge three-game series against the Yankees set to begin Friday in the Bronx, the Red Sox could hardly be blamed for viewing this week #39;s three-game set 
Malaysia #39;s former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim will reportedly seek royal pardon to clear his name of a corruption conviction.
At least nine were killed Tuesday in the clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants in the South Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, Daily Times reported Wednesday.
Weather models and satellite measurements of ocean heat all indicated Tuesday that Hurricane Ivan was likely to remain an extremely dangerous storm as it roared ashore.
The Bush administration has accelerated resource development on public lands and has pushed to eliminate regulatory hurdles for military and industrial projects.
AFP - Indian troops shot dead four suspected Islamic militants in revolt-racked Indian Kashmir while rebels killed a soldier and a civilian in separate shootings, police said.
The chemical in cannabis that produces a high may help to combat cancer, research suggests.
DELRAY BEACH, United States : Top seed Vince Spadea rallied to join second-seeded fellow American Mardy Fish in the second round of the ATP International Championship here.
Tina Thompson scored 27 points and Sheryl Swoopes added 15 for Houston, which ended a four-game losing streak and kept its playoff hopes.
The proportion of youngsters who drop out of the British education system is one of the highest in the developed world, according to an international study published yesterday.
PC World - Do-it-all convergence devices, plus a MiniDisc player, both tiny and high-end cameras, and big LCD TV debut this fall.
AP - Former Washington Mayor Marion Barry, infamous for being caught smoking crack on an FBI videotape, has made it back to city hall  #151; again.
OPEC members were divided yesterday on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
Anglo-US fund firm Amvescap has announced a 50 percent cut to its interim dividend but says it plans to return to a progressive dividend policy for 2005 onwards.
Greater Boston ranks third among top information technology labor markets that have lost a significant number of tech jobs, according to a study released yesterday.
Networking rivals Cisco, 3Com and Enterasys all will release a series of products this month designed to upgrade the infrastructures of businesses of all sizes.
The hockey season started early this year and, after two entertaining weeks of the World Cup, it ends for who knows how long. Despite the impending announcement of an NHL lockout today 
The reasons for Mariners pitcher Bobby Madritsch #39;s remarkable rebirth from baseball #39;s scrap heap to mound renown become more apparent with each outing.
After Jason Giambi put on his gray No. 25 Yankees road jersey yesterday afternoon, he breathed a sigh of a relief. He was back in the majors.
Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault today and tomorrow and the former Formula One champion could be back racing as early as next week.
Turkey #39;s leaders distanced themselves from a proposal to outlaw adultery after the opposition came out against it and western governments made clear enacting the law would 
Reuters - Dutch scientists have determined bird\flu can spread more easily among humans than was previously\thought, researchers said Tuesday.
A meeting of the oil producers' group in Vienna will consider whether to boost output to rein in price rises, Saudi officials say.
The curtain is set to come down on the 2004-05 National Hockey League season before it ever goes up.
The National Hockey League stumbles into a new era tonight when the clock strikes 12. Away go the sticks and pucks, and out come the sticks and stones.
The thought of going to Boston College, whose football camp Dan Orlovsky attended for three years when he was in high school, was dashed when the Eagles did not offer him a scholarship.
Before last night's game against the Red Sox, Tampa Bay's Lou Piniella didn't want to talk about speculation that he will
It is a team game, this Ryder Cup stuff that will commence Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club. So what are the teams? For the Americans, captain Hal Sutton isn't saying.
The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team and Jarno Trulli today announced that the Italian driver has been released with immediate effect.
The man accused of plotting the terror attacks in Russia was once capable of restraint.
In a bid to compete with Apple and Microsoft in the online music services market, online giant Yahoo announced yesterday that it would purchase MusicMatch for \$160 million.
ARSENE WENGER admitted Arsenal are still haunted by their Champions League failures after they bored their way to a nervous victory at Highbury.
Kris Benson continued to do his best negotiating on the mound last night, throwing a four-hit shutout as the Mets rolled over the Braves, 7-0, at Shea Stadium.
 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the  day's economic numbers.
The US government is planning to purchase 5 million doses of flu vaccine from Canadian and German plants to deal with their shortages, the Canadian Broadcast Corporation (CBC) reported Monday.
The prospective winning bidder for redeveloping Fan Pier yesterday missed a deadline for a down payment and the owners of the South Boston land said they plan to talk to other potential buyers.
The already cutthroat competition for passengers and market share at Logan International Airport is likely to get even more heated over the next several months.
OPEC members were divided yesterday on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
Black sweater or no, some architects find they can channel their idealism into real-world projects.
A study commissioned by the EU calls for a major rethink of security within its borders and beyond.
Egypt's president makes a hurriedly arranged visit to Syria a day after a divisive debate in the Arab League.
Scott Kazmir had a cool confidence in a tough environment for baseball #39;s youngest pitcher and a sense of wonder that he had succeeded in it.
A huge explosion in North Korea last week may have been due to a combination of demolition work for a power plant and atmospheric clouds, South Korea #39;s spy agency said on Wednesday.
Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style democracy 
AFP - Prince Charles wants military protection for Britain's royal residences, The Times reported, two days after an activist dressed as Batman scaled the walls of Buckingham Palace.
AP - Texas at Oakland (10:05 p.m. EDT). Mark Mulder (17-4) and the A's face the Rangers.
Spanish police detain several suspected Islamic militants in a series of pre-dawn raids in Barcelona.
With Pedro Martinez going for the Boston Red Sox against rookie Scott Kazmir, last night #39;s game at Fenway Park looked like a major mismatch.
A national clothing chain will reform its advertising practices as part of a legal settlement reached yesterday with New York state.
AFP - Russia rejected US criticism of moves to strengthen Kremlin power, saying they were reforms of a domestic nature that were perfectly constitutional.
Woodland conservationists launch a campaign to get children across the UK to plant 12 million trees.
Last Month saw IBM launch a range of very high performance, very cost effective Unix servers with the release of its latest pSeries machines.
Jose Mourinho said Chelsea played the  quot;perfect game quot; after they romped to an impressive 3-0 victory over Paris Saint-Germain.
The White Sox #39; 10-2 loss to the Twins at the Metrodome Tuesday night offered a nearly perfect mirror to an increasingly ugly season.
Bomb and gun attacks targeting Iraqi police killed at least 59 people Tuesday, marking the deadliest day in Baghdad in six months and continuing an increase of violence across the northern part of the country.
Indonesia #39;s President Megawati looks set for a crushing defeat at next Monday #39;s presidential election run-off, according to an opinion poll published in Jakarta today.
French car maker Renault says it plans to recruit 10,000 new employees next year in order to boost its international expansion.
Jobless numbers drop by 16,000 between May and July,  according to official figures.
President Hu Jintao says China would be led into a "blind alley" by  copying Western political systems.
SERI KEMBANGAN: Most company networks run a mix of old and new systems, and so-called virtual machine software can help when migrating from one to the other.
A former army general looks set to snatch Indonesia #39;s presidency by a landslide in next week #39;s election run-off, two surveys showed on Wednesday, but incumbent 
Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on\Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the\day's economic numbers.
AP - Police staging pre-dawn raids in Barcelona Wednesday arrested 10 people who may have supported Islamic militants in North Africa or the Middle East, officials said.
Apple's iTunes music download service is accused by the Consumers' Association of overcharging UK users. 
Health care experts are convinced that games can help people get and stay well, but they don't agree on what's the best approach. By Noah Shachtman.
A group of satellites captures evidence of what scientists believe is the killing of a rare sea turtle. But little can be done about it, they say. By Amit Asaravala.
The government faces a warning today from Robin Cook and a liberal-oriented foundation that it must work harder to reverse the increasingly authoritarian tendencies of Vladimir Putin.
Australian building products firm James Hardie Industries Ltd., tainted by a row over asbestos, sought to repair its reputation on Wednesday 
Sun Microsystems and Microsoft have rescheduled the phase-one rollout of their interoperability pact to October as the companies weigh additional areas of cooperation.
Pakistan will hope they finally start their Champions Trophy campaign on Wednesday after their match with Kenya was put back from Tuesday because of rain while West Indies make their scheduled bow in the tournament.
Three beheaded bodies are found on a road north of Baghdad, US and Iraqi sources say.
Citing failure of two big airlines to make payments to their pension plans, top government officials Tuesday called on Congress to make it harder for corporations to dump their obligations on taxpayers.
 PARIS (Reuters) - Police have detained five suspected  Islamic militants as part of a French inquiry into the Sept. 11  attacks, French judicial sources said on Wednesday.
Government offices in the Bangladeshi capital reopen as it slowly returns to normal following widespread floods.
Today's blast south of Baghdad was the latest in a series of attacks in Iraq that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.
Net income in the fiscal first-quarter rose to \$509 million, from \$440 million a year earlier, while revenue rose seven percent to \$2.
Adobe today announced Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0, a major upgrade to its entry-level image editing product. The updated product includes a series of powerful image editing tools taken from 
Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq has won the toss and chosen to field in the delayed ICC Champions Trophy contest with Kenya at Edgbaston.
Fresh off a surprising legal victory in its bid to acquire PeopleSoft, Oracle reported a 16 percent jump in profit Tuesday, beating Wall Street #39;s estimate by a penny.
At a job fair in downtown San Diego yesterday, dozens of information technology workers wandered the Civic Theater community concourse looking for leads on jobs.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho could hardly find enough superlatives to describe his side #39;s 3-0 win at Paris St Germain in their Champions League opener.
Southampton (England), Sept. 15 (AP): Bangladesh won the toss and sent the West Indies in to bat in their Champions Trophy cricket match at The Rose Bowl today.
The 49ers announced a four-year extension for general manager Terry Donahue in a news conference Tuesday with Donahue and owner John York.
Peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebels from the troubled Darfur region have collapsed after three weeks, one of the two main rebel factions said today.
Malaysia #39;s highest court has turned down former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim #39;s appeal of his corruption conviction.
The British Army's head tells the BBC the attacks which killed dozens in Iraq will not derail January's elections.
Blackburn Rovers have approached the Football Association of Wales (FAW) for permission to speak to Wales manager Mark Hughes, Welsh soccer #39;s ruling body said on Wednesday.
ZURICH (Switzerland): Zurich officials Tuesday abandoned plans to lead a joint Swiss bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics because the city would be unable to afford its portion.
This season #39;s FA Cup semi-finals will be held at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium, the Football Association said on Wednesday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - It is mid-September and Roger Federer  has already guaranteed he will end the year as world number  one.
Downside is having to learn to use html code. Internet Explorer #39;s AutoComplete function remembers passwords, but experts say it creates a security risk.
The record turnout in Hong Kong #39;s legislative council elections shows that the territory wants full democracy, newspapers said on Tuesday.
Help desk technician pleads guilty to \$50m scam
A videophone that lets home users see who they are talking to has been launched by Amstrad.
Climate change demands Britain consider building new nuclear power plants, says Lord May, the Royal Society president.
Reuters - Publisher and broadcaster Tribune Co.\ on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings would lag Wall\Street estimates because of lower-than-expected publishing and\broadcasting revenue.
AP - There were still plenty, way too many, good seats available.
SiliconValley.com - Now you can project different images of yourself on the mobile phone, depending on who's calling.
Retail sales slid in August as people steered away from buying cars and shoppers kept a close eye on their spending after splurging in July.
Microsoft has found two new security flaws in its software, including a critical hole that could spread viruses using Jpeg graphics.
Instead of genre staples such as lobbing grenades or casting spells, the game asked players to get excited about tasks such as personal hygiene and interior design.
SDBot.UJ, the latest variant of the SDbot worm that monitors network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts.
(Sports Network) - Barry Bonds can join the exclusive 700 club tonight, as the San Francisco Giants begin a three-game series versus the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park.
Mental breakdowns and warped childhoods add to the fun in "The Sims 2," creator Will Wright explains.
Nokia has signed a licensing deal to allow it to use SD memory cards in future devices, and has applied for membership of the SD Card Association.
The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has provisionally rejected Sender ID, a proposed anti-spam specification from Microsoft, because of a possible intellectual property rights conflict.
AP - Thailand, faced with a second outbreak of bird flu, said Wednesday its poultry would not be inoculated against the disease because vaccines offer no guarantee of safety.
MOSCOW : The Russian state will maintain some restrictions on foreign ownership in gas giant Gazprom after the liberalisation of its shareholding structure, a top minister said.
New applications for US home loans fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Doubled-up processors were the big news at this year?s Intel Developer Forum. They boost performance without frying your chips ? and are coming your way soon.
AFP - One of two rebel movements engaged in peace talks with Sudan's government mediated by the African Union (AU) said the negotiations had collapsed and could be suspended for weeks.
AP - Two-time U.S. Open doubles champion Max Mirnyi will lead the Belarus team that faces the United States in the Davis Cup semifinals in Charleston later this month.
Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning blaming "challenging operating conditions in key markets".
A US federal judge sentenced an author who wrote a series of books about avoiding taxes in off-shore locations to six months in prison on Monday.
Ralph Nader can be listed on Florida ballots in the US presidential election, the state's electoral chief says.
LONDON : British unemployment fell for the 15th month in a row in August to reach the lowest level for 29 years, official figures showed.
The Free Standards Group and the Open Source Development Labs(OSDL) hope that improved standards for Linux will help accelerate its adoption by enterprise and large business customers.
com September 14, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
AFP - India's booming cellphone market is adding 1.7 million customers every month and will grow between 15 percent and 20 percent annually, a senior industry official said.
AFP - Chart-topping pop singer Natasha Bedingfield's laptop computer -- with a hard disk full of new songs and lyrics -- has been stolen at Heathrow airport.
AP - Consumer electronics retailer Best Buy Co. said Wednesday that second-quarter earnings rose on cost controls and improved margins to beat Wall Street expectations.
Failure to honour funding pledges to the UN means a world population explosion within decades, a report says.
MADISON, Wis. - A fraternity member has been busted for apparently finding a unique way to supplement his college income - fake parking tickets...
Union says pilots may retire en masse to get payments rather than ride out possible bankruptcy. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
The competition watchdog has called for an investigation into whether Apple #39;s new iTunes music download service is  quot;ripping off quot; British consumers.
T-Mobile is pitching its against the likes of Apple and Creative with a new smart phone specifically (nominally) designed for digital music playback.
Grid computing links computers to harness their collective resources. HP said its grid approach to storage is designed to let customers focus more on how they use data, not how they store it.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada remains on top of the hockey world after defeating Finland 3-2 in the World Cup of Hockey final on Tuesday.
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba and coach Jose Mourinho are convinced that Paris St Germain can bounce back from their crushing home defeat to the London side.
WALES captain Gary Speed today insisted Mark Hughes will join Blackburn with the blessing of the players - if his move to the Premiership is rubber-stamped.
Israeli raids in the West Bank have left at least 10 Palestinians dead, including an 11-year-old girl and a number of wanted militants.
Reuters - Apple Computer Corp. is charging its\British iTunes customers 17 percent more per download than its\European customers, a consumer watchdog group said on\Wednesday.
AP - Interior Secretary Gale Norton has signed an agreement with representatives of Arizona, Nevada and California to protect wildlife habitat on the Colorado River and aid native species.
AP - Anyone who has cursed when their flashlight goes dead may have something new to beam about  #151; a flashlight that accepts batteries of different sizes.
AP - Despite improvements in recent decades, the Great Lakes remain a dumping ground for pollution ranging from livestock waste to mercury emissions, a U.S.-Canadian panel said Monday.
 TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Josh McCown has re-claimed  his role as the Arizona Cardinals' starting quarterback, at  least temporarily.
Reuters - Air pollution in Hong Kong has hit\record levels, the government said on Wednesday, and it warned\people with heart or respiratory problems to stay indoors.
Businesses saw inventories rise in July as sales picked up, the government reported Wednesday.
Airport operations were back to normal early Wednesday following a radio failure at a Federal Aviation Administration control facility that tied up travelers for hours.
AP - Survey crews searching through woods and neighborhoods in northeast Indiana have not found any new signs of the beetle blamed for killing millions of ash trees in Michigan and Ohio, a state official said.
The Commerce Department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in July, down from a 1.1 percent rise in June.
Russian gas company Gazprom rallied again Wednesday as investors said the upcoming easing of share ownership rules would make it a must-have stock in emerging markets portfolios.
MILAN - Alitalia headed into eleventh-hour talks with unions today, a putative deadline for clinching plans to avoid bankruptcy, after winning a key deal with pilots.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefit last month fell by 6,100 to 830,200, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Microsoft, the software giant has issued a patch so that users can view pictures in the JPEG format without the risk of getting their computers infected.
President Bush on Tuesday asked Congress for \$126 million to help NASA repair the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which was damaged by recent hurricanes.
Intelligence officials in South Korea say the mysterious blast in North Korea may have been from a hydro-electric dam project, as Pyongyang claims.
A more joined-up approach to net safety is needed if government is to get the message home to citizens.
Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. officially moved into the search engine market with the unveiling late Tuesday of its Internet search engine, A9.com.
Workers evacuated Tuesday from the low-lying New Orleans plant where they have been scrambling to prepare external fuel tanks for the shuttles.
AFP - British Airways said it planned to cancel almost 1,000 flights in the next three months.
AP - The commissioner of the Pac-10 Conference called Monday for coaches to make their votes public after California was dropped below No. 6 by six voters in the final poll.
Microsoft and Polycom Inc. disclosed plans to integrate their products to give PC users new options for audio and video conferencing.
Manager Alan Trammell keeps talking about this year. About scoring some runs, winning some games. But really, this is all about next year for the Detroit Tigers, especially now 
Business at factories across New York state improved at an accelerated pace in the past month according to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey posted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Buffalo.
Retired pilots may fly planes for Delta Air Lines as part of an interim agreement as the pilots union seeks to head off Delta #39;s potential bankruptcy deadline.
The European Union says if Washington will reduce aid to the Boeing Co., it #39;s willing to accept cuts in subsidies for Airbus Industries.
Porto, Portugal (Sports Network) - Champions League play began Tuesday and Groups G and H featured few surprises, as Valencia, Inter Milan and Chelsea all emerged victorious.
Higher-capacity hard drives will be available by the end of the year.
Tony Blair said children need protecting from violent video games, blamed for the murder of a schoolboy.
The Tories are to recruit members online rather than making people join the party through local associations.
London #39;s SABMiller has agreed to buy the Chinese brewing business of Australia #39;s Lion Nathan for US\$154 million, it said Wednesday.
Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday after a survey of regional US manufacturing showed a sharp recovery in early September, countering signs of softness elsewhere in the economy.
The Consumers #39; Association has accused iTunes - the music download service from Apple - of ripping off UK punters by charging them 20 per cent more than European counterparts.
The European Union said Wednesday it had extended a ban on imports of chicken meat and pet birds from several Asian countries hit by avian flu to March 31 next year.
&lt;strong&gt;In brief&lt;/strong&gt; A victory for humanity
PC World - Higher-capacity hard drives will be available by the end of the year.
AP - Playing in the rain against Florida brings back some bad memories for Tennessee.
InterContinental Hotels today said it had begun the search for a new chief executive after a change in strategy forced out present boss Richard North.
British Airways today announced the cancellation of almost 1,000 flights over the next three months in an effort to ease congestion at Heathrow, one of the world #39;s busiest airports.
The Consumer Association has today complained to the UKs Office of Fair Trading that downloading tracks from Apples iTunes costs UK consumers more than their counterparts in France and Germany.
Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are a more mature outfit as a result of the European heartbreak they have suffered over recent seasons.
LONDON, England -- Pakistan beat Kenya by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool C match at Edgbaston in Birmingham on Wednesday.
We do not have to believe every cynic who says that all the great players are mercenaries who flit like butterflies through the big money clubs of the Champions League.
MOSCOW -- President Vladimir Putin says he will fight anti-Russian attacks by consolidating security agencies and further tightening political control over the country.
Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (HGST) this week said it will ship a line of Serial ATA hard drives designed for notebook usage in Q4.
Novell Inc has released a new version of its ZENworks management software for Linux as it moves towards a common management interface for Linux, Windows, Unix and NetWare.
Today, T-Mobile Germany officially revealed the launch of the SDA and the new SDA Music Smartphones, based on Windows Mobile 2003.
LONDON, England -- Blackburn Rovers have made an official approach to talk to Welsh national manager Mark Hughes about the vacant job at Ewood Park.
London - This season #39;s FA Cup semifinals will be held at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium, the Football Association said on Wednesday.
Nearing a third straight division title, Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins aren #39;t short on motivation. Their rivals, the fading Chicago White Sox, gave them a little more.
The 23-strong Sri Lankan handball team disappears while on an exchange visit to Germany.
Reuters - The U.S. Coast Guard shut five ports on\Wednesday in the Gulf of Mexico coast states of Alabama,\Florida and Mississippi as Hurricane Ivan churned nearer.
Microsofts monthly security bulletin has uncovered a critical buffer overrun vulnerability that exists in the processing of JPEG image formats.
AP - President Bush got a convention bounce even in heavily Democratic New York but still trailed rival John Kerry, two statewide presidential polls said Wednesday.
AFP - Marion Barry, the former mayor of Washington who was caught taking cocaine, has made a new political comeback in the US capital.
Massively parallel processor to 'change the world', apparently
New applications for US home loans fell last week from a four-month high even as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Microsoft has issued a patch to fix the security flaw, and urges its customers to use a new utility to locate the computer applications that are vulnerable.
European middleweight champion Howard Eastman has stepped up his war of words ahead of his fight with Spain #39;s Jorge Sendra on 24 September.
Palestinian medical sources and witnesses say Israeli forces killed at least 11 Palestinians during raids in two West Bank cities Wednesday.
A9.com is designed to compete with existing search sites, including Google.
Reuters - European planemaker Airbus reported\progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use\mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
AP - Toyota Motor Corp. will begin making its ecologically friendly hybrid model in China by the end of 2005, the first overseas assembly for the company's Prius vehicle.
Despite watching the Cubs and Red Sox surge the past two months, Michael Wilbon says they're both cursed and neither is going to the World Series.
Oil ministers of the 11-member Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries meet Wednesday in Vienna to discuss the possibility of raising production, which could lower world oil prices.
MILAN : Alitalia headed into eleventh-hour talks with unions to clinch plans to avoid bankruptcy, after winning a key deal with pilots.
A Green Bay Packers defense that played magnificently in Monday night #39;s season-opening triumph at Carolina should get significantly better today, when cornerback Mike McKenzie is to join the 
The New Jersey Nets and the Portland Trailblazers have discussed a trade involving superstars Jason Kidd and Shareef Abdur-Rahim, according to a published Internet report.
 LONDON (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus reported  progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use  mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
AFP - Communist North Korea's claim that a huge and mysterious explosion was caused by a civil engineering project might be true, according to South Korea's intelligence agency.
PC World - Ten security flaws found in Firefox browser, Thunderbird e-mail client.
IT CAN only be coincidence that the power failure that ensured the closure of concession stands throughout the Riverside Stadium brought such a ravenous display from three centre forwards whose hunger has been questioned.
Globalization's changed how the world's markets interact -- and how your portfolio fares.
THE Renault team have parted company with Italian driver Jarno Trulli with three races in the 2004 world championship still to go.
Pakistan today continued the trend for one-sided matches in the opening week of the ICC Champions Trophy by completing an emphatic victory over Kenya between the showers at Edgbaston.
The Football Association of Wales have confirmed that they have received an approach for Mark Hughes from Blackburn. Wales manager Hughes yesterday revealed, via his representative, that he is keen to return 
Top seed Carlos Moya got blown off court by a French teenager playing his first ATP Tour match at the rain-it China Open on Wednesday.
ISRAELI police have begun investigating several death threats made against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in recent days over his plan to evacuate Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip.
Migration to urban centres is exacerbating problems in the countryside, the World Urban Forum is told.
The termination of the \$5 billion deal stands in opposition to a trend toward more IT outsourcing.
Two industry heavyweights have completed interoperability tests of a new technology designed to drive the convergence of voice, data, and video services over wireless and fixed infrastructure based on the Internet Protocol.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Factory activity in the New York region accelerated in September, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said Wednesday.
Flawed software code used by numerous Microsoft applications to render images mean that a specially constructed image file could hijack a computer or spread a virus.
AFP - Nestle Waters said it might sell Perrier, the iconic French mineral water, while keeping options including a mooted outsourcing on tap.
A former New York computer help desk technician yesterday pleaded guilty to playing a key part in what prosecutors reckon is the largest identity theft case to date.\
Microsoft will not be developing a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, but will issue a single security update called Update Rollup, which is due in mid-2005.
 BEIJING (Reuters) - Top seed Carlos Moya got blown off  court by a French teenager playing his first ATP Tour match at  the rain-hit China Open on Wednesday.
The Coca-Cola Co. says its third-quarter per-share results will drop at least 24 per cent because of poor weather in Europe and problems executing its business strategy in North America.
Reynolds American Inc., created by the recent merger of RJ Reynolds Tobacco Co. and the US businesses of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco Corp.
Delta Air Lines #39; pilot union has agreed to negotiate the early retirement issue that the company says could lead it into bankruptcy if it is not settled by the end of this month.
The Gulf Coast girded Wednesday for the arrival of Hurricane Ivan, as petroleum and natural-gas producers shut in output from offshore installations in anticipation of the category four storm.
Sony may be puling its Clie handhelds out of the US and Europe, but that doesn #39;t mean the company has lost all faith in the handheld market.
Visual Studio 2005 Team System will try to include features that make it more likely that what the developers know in their hearts also is visible to managers.
Computer Giants Apple are facing the biggest legal payout in history as they once again battle their courtroom nemesis, also named Apple.
I admit to being skeptical that the Teen-rated Burnout 3: Takedown, from Criterion Games and Electronic Arts, was going to be just another street-racing title.
Lisbon, Portugal (Sports Network) - CD Nacional suspended three players who were arrested following an altercation at a Portuguese nightclub early Monday morning.
UK shares including HBOS Plc advanced after the country #39;s fourth-biggest bank dropped out of the running for Abbey National Plc.
JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to IBM, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
Near-bankrupt Alitalia held crucial contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff Wednesday in a last-minute attempt to save the state-controlled airline from collapse.
AP - The New York Jets re-signed guard Brent Smith on Wednesday, less than a week after the team cut him.
(Article Central) The Mozilla Foundation is set to release a preview of FireFox 1.0, the latest version of the open source Web browser.
AP - The day after Chad Hutchinson pumped some life into their offense and their season, the Chicago Bears were actually talking about making the playoffs  #151; despite a 5-7 record.
Patrick Vieira declared Arsenal have grown up in European terms after coming of age in their hard-fought Champions League victory against PSV Eindhoven.
AP - Italy's Tathiana Garbin upset American Chanda Rubin 6-1, 6-4 Wednesday in the first round of the Wismilak International.
Martha Stewart said Wednesday she has decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need "to put this nightmare behind me, both personally and professionally."
Pakistan's president is to stay on as head of the army, despite an earlier pledge to stand down by January.  
A foreign man is shot dead near a shopping complex in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh.
Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning, partly  blaming the impact of cold and wet weather in northern Europe.
Martha Stewart announced today that she had decided to begin her prison sentence "as soon as possible" for lying about a stock trade.
The portal giant rounds out its online music offerings and gets a backdoor to the desktop.
That's why the law already bans their sale to minors, Tony...
Software company plans to acquire BugScan, which makes software to automatically check for program errors.
The deal with the Defense Logistics Agency could be worth as much as \$290 million for the computing giant.\
Future of television is coming into focus, revealing new vistas for the industry--but also some zits.
HBOS #39;s decision not to bid for rival Abbey Nationalleaves just smaller targets for large British banks to buy in the UK, bankers and analysts say.
The explosion of a small separation bolt aboard the Soyuz spaceship now being prepared for a trip to the international space station may delay that launch for five or 10 days, Russian 
Asian number one Ai Sugiyama and last year #39;s runner-up Chanda Rubin slumped to first round defeats at the Wismilak International on Wednesday.
However, he twisted it badly when trying to prevent Barca from scoring their second goal at Celtic Park. Celtic said on Wednesday the defender would be out for between four and six weeks.
Children returned to classes in this grief-stricken southern Russian town Wednesday for the first time since heavily armed militants seized more than 1,200 hostages at 
British company claims four online retailers are using its patented technology.
AP - Democratic candidate John Kerry leads President Bush, 50 percent to 41 percent, in a presidential poll of likely voters in Minnesota, according to results released Wednesday.
roundup Plus: Think local, act Google...SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD...Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives.
The termination of the \$5 billion deal stands in opposition to a trend toward more IT outsourcing.
PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
Borland Software Corp. announced CaliberRM 2005 this week, a product designed to help software project managers take some of the guesswork out of software development.
Barry Bonds will take another shot at hitting his 700th home run as the San Francisco Giants play the middle game of their set with the Milwaukee Brewers.
Schools in the Russian town of Beslan reopened on Wednesday, two weeks after more than 1,000 people were taken hostage on the first day of term.
Updated OS, new consumer products expected to be introduced next month.
AP - A consumer's group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple's iTunes system.
The US presidential candidates address major scientific questions put to them by the journal Nature.
Four years after publishing a daft human genetic sequence, researchers reach the halfway point in producing the "gold standard" version.
Working women spend about twice as much time as working men on household chores and the care of children, a Labor Department study showed.
The global financial system is at its most resilient since the equity bubble burst in 2001, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite rising 
Hitachi increased the capacity of its Travelstar notebook harddrives. The consumer-targeted 5K100 and E5K100 for enterprise applications offer up to 100 GByte 
Bangladesh captain Rajin Saleh won the toss and chose to field in their Champions Trophy Pool B match against West Indies at The Rosebowl in Southampton on Wednesday.
A car bomb has exploded in the Iraqi town of Suwayra, south of Baghdad, killing two people and wounding 10, the Interior Ministry says.
Four years after publishing a draft human genetic sequence, researchers reach the halfway point in producing the "gold standard" version.
PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
NEW YORK - Hurricane Ivan held its grip on oil markets Tuesday as shutdowns of production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico and fears of storm damage drove crude prices higher.
ESPOO, FinlandNokia Corp. has applied for membership in the SD Card Association and has signed a licensing agreement that enables the use of SD memory cards in its devices.
A Russian newspaper shows photos of 30 corpses it says are militants responsible for the school siege in Beslan.
Budget airline Ryanair is obliged to be taken to court under EU law if it fails to pay back illegal state aid for flying to Belgium's Charleroi airport.
Martha Stewart, the lifestyle guru convicted of lying about the sale of shares she owned, wants to begin her five month jail sentence as soon as possible.
Five groups will compete for a contract to build a long-awaited bridge linking Sicily with mainland Italy, reports from Italy say.
The recipes used by ancient Egyptians for mummifying animals were just as complicated as the ones they employed for dead people, new research suggests.
The Wall Street Journal said it will begin publishing a long-discussed Saturday edition, beginning in September of next year. The Journal said its Weekend Edition will be delivered at no additional charge 
Gap Inc. (GPS) on Wednesday said it would test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named Gap brand President Gary Muto to oversee the development.
The Internet Engineering Task Force has raised concerns about Microsoft #39;s Sender ID anti-spam technolgy as an industry standard.
The ICC Champions trophy ended its own version of the  quot;phony war quot; on Wednesday with comfortable victories for Pakistan and West Indies.
GRAPELAND, Texas -- At least one player is badly injured and others are hospitalized after lightning struck an East Texas high school football team.
In the violent and volatile world of Israeli-Palestinian relations, a football club Bnei Sakhnin has become a beacon of some hope.
 quot;I have decided to serve my sentence now to put this behind me, and get on with my life and living as soon as possible. quot; -Stewart.
The European Union on Wednesday cleared Banco Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s acquisition of British bank Abbey National PLC for about \$14.
A consumer #39;s group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple #39;s iTunes system.
Cordys, Inc. of Scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new Web services platform.
(Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers continue a three-game series against Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants tonight at Miller Park.
The Saudi Interior Ministry identified the foreigner as a Briton, and said he was killed Wednesday in a parking lot at a shopping center in eastern Riyadh.
The PIMCO mutual fund group #39;s adviser and two affiliates will pay more than \$20 million to settle charges involving failure to disclose payments made to brokers for 
Gartner analyst David Smith told LinuxInsider that many of those who switch from dominant browser Internet Explorer do so because of security concerns.
Chechen envoy Akhmed Zakaev on Tuesday urged Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, to hold peace talks or risk provoking further atrocities following the Beslan massacre.
AP - The NHL will lock out its players Thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season.
AFP - The National Basketball Association's New Jersey Nets waived 33-year-old guard Lucious Harris, whose 54 playoff games with the team tied the most in club history.
Outstanding ROIC and market-beating performance go hand-in-hand for these stocks.
Study predicts that industry demands will crush 40 percent of today's semiconductor manufacturers.
The company releases new applications aimed at amateur photographers and video shooters.
SEPTEMBER 15, 2004 -- The Cendant Hotel Group today announced that it will acquire the Ramada International Hotels and Resorts brand from Marriott International.
MADRID : A row erupted in Spain as members of the parliamentary inquiry into the March 11 Madrid train bombings voted to call former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar as a witness.
Pretext  databases  mobile terminals. Yum.
AP - The NHL said Wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective Thursday  #151; the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - NHL owners carried out their threat to  lock out players on Wednesday, shutting down the league after  the two sides failed to reach a new labor deal.
A coalition of high-tech companies plays its latest gambit on trying to declaw options expensing.
President Bush defended restrictions on stem-cell research on Wednesday and reaffirmed support for nuclear-arms development, but Democratic challenger John Kerry accused Bush of putting ideology over science.
GREEN BAY, Wis -- Packers coach and general manager Mike Sherman said Wednesday that cornerback Mike McKenzie will practice with the team.
New Jersey Nets: Backup guard Lucious Harris, who played a big part in helping the Nets win two Eastern Division titles, was waived Wednesday.
Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim failed yesterday in a final court bid to erase his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics, leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.
AP - The Chicago Blackhawks re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract Wednesday.
 SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Former Chilean dictator Augusto  Pinochet was hospitalized in Santiago on Wednesday with acute  respiratory infection.
Class has been transformed by technology and a consumer who is as well informed as she is impatient to have the latest gaud.
Search junkies can be psyched for a cool site, but will some features backfire?
A blowout quarter is sullied by lower applications revenue, strengthening the case for a deal for PeopleSoft.
After spending nearly 10 days cleaning up from the relentless pounding of Hurricane Frances, NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center reopened Monday to all 14,000 employees.
The NHL said Wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective Thursday -- the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement.
The International Football Federation has announced new dates for Kenya #39;s three qualifying matches for the 2006 World Cup tournament in Germany.
The United Nations says there has been some progress in improving sexual health and combating poverty around the world, but more funds are needed to meet goals the international community set 10 years ago.
The president of the World Bank says his staff is in the Caribbean to assess the damage caused there by Hurricane Ivan, and to ensure that the international financial community provides swift and coordinated relief.
AP - Fans chant "MVP! MVP!" when Adrian Beltre comes to the plate late in games.
AP - The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch  #36;7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
AP - Kansas City outfielder Matt Stairs signed a one-year contract extension Wednesday that will keep him under contract with the Royals through 2005.
NewsFactor - Its cost is low, it delivers enterprise-level functionality, and it spares a company the ordeal of a time-consuming implementation project.
US industrial output growth nearly stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities nearly swamped a strong performance at factories, a report from the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
Hitachi Global Storage Technologies was founded in 2003 as a result of the strategic combination of Hitachis and IBMs storage technology businesses.
BIRMINGHAM, Sep 15: Pakistan sent a stern signal to the Indian camp as they thrashed Kenya by seven wickets in their first league match here on Wednesday.
The White House insisted on Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is committed to the US-backed road map Middle East peace plan, despite his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.
A Palestinian delegation headed by the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization PLO Mahmoud Abbas is to start a visit to Syria today.
AFP - South Africa formally recognized the pro-independence government in the annexed Moroccan territory of Western Sahara, prompting Rabat to recall its ambassador from Pretoria in protest.
The world must do far more to reduce greenhouse gases than merely meet the targets set in 1998 at the Kyoto environmental conference in Japan, Australias environment minister says.
The European Union said Tuesday it will accept cuts in subsidies for Airbus Industries only if Washington reduces aid for its main trans-Atlantic competitor, Boeing Co.
In its September security bulletin Microsoft has highlighted a  #39;critical #39; vulnerability in the processing of JPEG images across a huge swathe of its software products.
NASA scientists said they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable 
National Hockey League owners authorized a lockout of players after the sides failed to agree on a new labor contract, resulting in the league #39;s first work stoppage in 10 years.
In recent years, Big Ten football teams such as Michigan, Michigan State and Wisconsin have trekked to the University of Oregon #39;s Autzen Stadium.
A senior Iranian envoy suggested Wednesday that Tehran #39;s partial yearlong freeze on uranium enrichment is about to end, shrugging off US and European pressure to renounce 
The Indonesian government has posted cash rewards for information leading to the arrests of two top Malaysian suspects and others responsible for last weeks Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta.
Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf will stay on as chief of the army staff beyond the date he promised to give up the post, the information minister said on Wednesday.
Reuters - Has the era of hands-free Web surfing\arrived?
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; No sympathy for the fiddlers
CINCINNATI (Ticker) -- Brett Myers continued his recent surge to help the Philadelphia Phillies avoid a rare sweep by the Cincinnati Reds .
Sudan #39;s rebels and government broke off internationally brokered peace talks for the bloodied Darfur region Wednesday after three weeks with little progress and no deal.
After the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Australia #39;s Prime Minister John Howard told the US Congress,  quot;America has no better friend anywhere in the world than Australia.
New platform chief, Ashim Pal, says software giant has been on the defensive against Linux and other rivals.
The enterprise-software company looks to better serve its 4,200 Asia-Pacific customers, as well as customers worldwide.
U.S. government announces company's agreement to plead guilty, pay \$160 million fine.
Light regulation will encourage this alternative form of high-speed Net access.
PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. has agreed to pay \$502 million to buy all outstanding shares of common stock of Green Bay-based American Medical Security Group Inc.
Firefox is my second choice for a web browser. Opera comes first. No doubts about that. But Firefox in itself is a pretty decent browser.
BBaiji - Three decapitated bodies were found north of Baghdad on Wednesday and are believed to be the corpses of foreigners, Iraqi security forces said.
AP - Carnie Wilson, whose gastric bypass surgery five years ago was broadcast on the Internet, is expecting her first child.
AFP - Taiwan launched its latest bid to join the United Nations in dramatic fashion -- not with a knock on UN doors but in a message beamed through outer space.
AP - Schwarzenegger for president in 2008? No, he's not eligible.
SPACE.com - A new research station at the bottom of the world may give future Antarctica researchers some special treats, like the ability to live above ground and look out a window.
Workers and management at German car giant Volkswagen make little headway in initial negotiations over a new pay deal.
The number of companies building processors is likely to shrink, researcher says.
Martha Stewart may soon head to prison, but that likely won #39;t free her namesake company of its troubles, investors and analysts say.
(CP) - The 103-day NHL labour disruption of 1994 flushed tens of millions of dollars down the toilet and resulted in no permanent solution.
Research by professors at Northeastern University shows that a college student's major is more important than what college they attend in determining their starting salary upon graduation.
Just hours after President Vladimir Putin sent Gazprom shares soaring by indicating he backed ending the long-derided dual trading system for the gas giant #39;s shares 
State District Judge John Dietz ruled Wednesday that the states so-called Robin Hood school finance system is unconstitutional.
A9.com is walking a fine line between working with Google and competing against it. By Thomas Claburn. Following an April test, A9.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday Pimco mutual fund group #39;s adviser and two affiliates will pay more than \$11.
Industrial activity edged up by 0.1 percent in August as declines in utility and mining output tempered a gain in factory production.
Cordys Inc. announced a new Web services-based platform designed to create more efficient and collaborative business environments.
Hewlett-Packard has unveiled its storage grid architecture strategyan approach that company executives claim is faster and more efficient than comparable products and systems on the market today.
Former Manchester United striker Mark Hughes has been appointed the new manager of Blackburn Rovers. The Wales boss had been the favourite to take over the Lancashire club after former manager Graeme Souness 
Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals have extended the contract of outfielder Matt Stairs through the 2005 season.
EDMONTON (CP) - Edmonton Oilers captain Jason Smith signed a four-year deal with the team Wednesday, on the eve of an NHL lockout.
Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - Saskatchewan's highest court has rejected an appeal by two men convicted in a bloody home invasion that killed an senior Regina couple.
AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests.
Reuters - A powerful earthquake rocked\Indonesia's premier tourist island of Bali Wednesday, killing\one person, injuring at least two and triggering some panic,\officials said.
Martha Stewart, the lifestyle icon convicted of lying and obstructing justice in an insider trading trial earlier this year, said yesterday she was dropping her fight to stay out of jail and 
TORONTO (CP) - Earnings warnings from Celestica and Coca-Cola along with a slowdown in US industrial production sent stock markets lower Wednesday.
PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
Bayer Leverkusen started their Champions League campaign with a shock 3-0 win over a sluggish Real Madrid in a Group B game on Wednesday.
Prosecutors said the Georgia man, a former help desk employee at Teledata Communications, was involved in a scheme to steal the identities of up to 30,000 people.
The product combines development on the Win32, Delphi and .Net platforms, accommodating legacy Windows and new application development.
J.P. Morgan, the No. 2 U.S. bank, said that after its recent merger with Bank One, it could better manage its own technology and infrastructure.
Property and casualty insurers such as State Farm and The Hartford have invested in wireless and other technologies to streamline claims processing for policyholders affected by recent hurricanes.
Man had been charged with one of the largest such scams in U.S. history.
AP - Nestle SA said Wednesday it is considering selling French mineral water brand Perrier after a trade union blocked a plan to cut almost 800 jobs.
AP - Their pride has clearly been wounded. For a defensive line that makes its mission stopping the run, Ahman Green's 119 rushing yards definitely stung the Carolina Panthers.
Kuma Reality Games, which specializes in recreating military encounters, is making one of Mr. Kerry's Swift boat missions the situation for a game.
The National Hockey League will lock out its players Thursday, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season.
Javier Vazquez pitched the New York Yankees to their second consecutive shutout, and Derek Jeter homered and doubled twice Wednesday in a 3-0 victory over the Kansas City Royals.
The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch \$7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Wednesday it is launching a commercial-free online music service in early October called XM Radio Online.
LONDON A British consumers #39; lobbying group has complained to the Office of Fair Trading about prices on Apple #39;s iTunes online music download service.
Sun Microsystems on Friday will unveil more of its plans for OpenSolaris, the open-source project for the Solaris operating system.
London, England (Sports Network) - Blackburn named Welsh national team coach Mark Hughes its new boss Wednesday, effective immediately.
AP - Going 17-1 in games decided by fewer than seven points isn't enough for Tom Brady. Neither is throwing for 335 yards and three touchdowns in his season opener.
A London-based consumer group says Apple #39;s iTunes music download-service is overcharging customers in the United Kingdom by 17 percent compared to those in France and Germany.
n Sept. 2, Microsoft unveiled its iTunes Music Store. That sentence may sound a little strange, but that is, in fact, what happened.
OURTEEN-year-old Rochelle Brown was close to solving an algebra problem. Yet she stumbled repeatedly on one calculation: -2.3  .5.
In what could be a breakthrough in the search for worlds, an international team of astronomers claims to have made an image of a planetlike object beyond our solar system.
It #39;s the first deliverable in a joint-development agreement reached last spring, with more interoperability planned. By Stephanie Stahl.
National Hockey League owners carried out their threat to lock out players on Wednesday, shutting down the league after the two sides were unable to reach a new labor deal.
Blackburn Rovers, which has yet to win a game in English soccer #39;s Premiership this season, said it appointed Wales coach Mark Hughes to replace Graeme Souness as team manager.
Apple computer is facing an inquiry by the Office of Fair Trading after it was criticised for selling music downloads to UK customers at higher prices than in other European countries.
THE Ministry of Manpower has taken the unprecedented step of outsourcing its entire IT applications, hardware, software and services.
Former world champion Jacques Villeneuve will drive for Switzerlands Sauber motor racing team in next season #39;s Formula One championship.
Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening group H match yesterday.
POLICE last night released the names and mugshots of the bombers and terror masterminds believed responsible for the Australian Embassy attack in Jakarta.
At least three critical vulnerabilities are among those fixed by the most recent versions of Mozilla, Firefox and Thunderbird.
The UN's Kofi Annan tells the BBC the US-led invasion of Iraq was illegal and contravened the UN charter.
The battle for the US presidency enters new territory today with both candidates turning to scientific journals to set out their election promises.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important.
RIYADH, 16 September 2004 - Suspected terrorists gunned down a Briton near a major supermarket in the eastern part of Riyadh yesterday.
Insurgent attacks against US and Iraqi troops continued Wednesday west of Baghdad in the rebel stronghold known as the Sunni Triangle.
The dog might be man #39;s best friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, according to an international survey published today.
Ziff Davis - The company will launch an OpenSolaris site on Friday, but an open-source version of Sun's operating system is still a long way off.
A cricket match is expected to break out this morning at the Oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the ICC Champions Trophy into belated life.
roundup Plus: Autodesk updates hobbyist tool...LogicLibrary buys bug catcher...Think local, act Google.
A new add-on for Office Project Server 2003 includes tools for connecting to HR software from SAP.
The software maker has released AutoSketch 9, an update of its drafting application.
Academic institutions who have to add, manage, and secure thousands of new users within a period of just a few days face political and social issues on top of the immense technical ones.
Researchers developing robotic lobsters, flies, dogs cockroaches believe that machines inspired by biology will be able to operate in places where today's robots cannot go.
Broadly defined, an intelligent tutoring system is educational software containing an artificial intelligence component.
An \$1,100 cordless phone is just one sign that fashion has gained a toehold in the digital realm.
HBOS walked away from a possible bid for Abbey National yesterday, shortening the odds sharply on a 8.7 billion recommended offer from Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano being successful.
EVERYONE from Rupert Murdoch to Christopher Skase kicked the tires at MGM at some point during the 30 years the fabled studio was on and off the block.
JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to IBM, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
HAL Sutton was hardly rationing compliments yesterday when he identified Tiger Woods as one of the greatest putters who ever lived.
WALES coach Mark Hughes was last night installed as the new manager of Blackburn, filling the gap left by the departure of Graeme Souness to Newcastle.
Pakistan #39;s seven-wicket win left Kenya #39;s coach Andy Moles feeling crushed and disappointed on his return to Edgbaston yesterday.
RAMADI, Iraq -- Medical officials say fighting between US troops and Iraqi insurgents in the western city of Ramadi has killed at least eight civilians and wounded nearly 20 others.
AP - TV viewers who became accustomed to the around-the-clock coverage of the Olympics should like this starting Friday: All Ryder Cup, all the time.
Alitalia reached a vital deal with its pilots on productivity improvements on Tuesday, a day ahead of a deadline to seal a rescue plan or face bankruptcy, union sources said.
The Bill  amp; Melinda Gates Foundation has given Carnegie Mellon University \$20 million toward construction of a new computer science building.
Investor's Business Daily - Networking giant Cisco Systems may be in short-term pain. But it's looking past that to long-term gain.
 DAVIE, Fla., (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins will be  without running back Travis Minor for Sunday's game against  Cincinnati because of an ankle injury.
OPEC nations agreed to revise their oil production quota, boosting it by 1 million barrels per day in an effort to talk down crude oil prices.
Microsoft released its first service pack for Systems Management Server 2003 with support for Windows XP SP2 and Virtual Server 2005.
Adobe #39;s update of Photoshop Elements adds several new features and enhancements that allow users to edit photos with a few mouse clicks.
THE Manpower Ministry (MOM) has scored a first among government agencies by awarding an outsourcing contract to a private firm that includes the transfer of staff.
April 1980 -- Players strike the last eight days of spring training. Ninety-two exhibition games are canceled. June 1981 -- Players stage first midseason strike in history.
New York Mets Manager Art Howe has been told he will be dismissed at the end of the season, but he has agreed to remain with the team until then.
Software maker snags Hewlett-Packard veteran to lead fast-growing division, report to CEO Larry Ellison.\
Speaking in a light-bathed room where her media company holds meetings and photo shoots, Martha Stewart announced Wednesday she would voluntarily begin serving her five-month prison term 
Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday its auditors have expressed doubt about the airline #39;s financial viability.
Adding to its offerings for digital imaging and video hobbyists, Adobe Systems on Wednesday announced a new video-editing package and an update to its Photoshop Elements image-editing product.
Hal Sutton has added spice to the 35th Ryder Cup by daring to be different. The leadership style of Sutton, the American captain, has been a focal point 
Four-time Champions League football winner Real Madrid of Spain was shocked by Bayer Leverkusen of Germany, 3-0, in Group-B of the tournament Wednesday.
AP - A Senate committee voted Wednesday to boost funds for battling AIDS and other diseases in poor nations but provided less than half what President Bush wanted for prodding countries to adopt democratic reforms.
Martha Stewart said that she has decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need to "reclaim her life."
Coca-Cola warned that its earnings will fall short of forecasts, pointing to competition in North America and poor weather in Europe.
A product placement that cost General Motors more than \$7 million is indicative of new initiatives by agencies and automakers as competition intensifies.
Domestic lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said yesterday she would go to jail as soon as possible following her recent conviction for lying about a share deal.
Redmond won't just fight the "cooler" open-source operating system--it's looking at Red Hat, Novell and IBM.
New version of Media Center and accompanying "extenders" will make TV shows recorded on a PC available all over the house.
he Mondavi family, who just a year ago gave up control of the corporation that bears its name, could be a long-shot bidder for its most famous winery.
Phil Mickelson reiterated Wednesday that his performance at the Ryder Cup would not suffer because of his recent switch to using some Callaway golf equipment.
Federal prosecutors cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Thursday following Wall Street's weakness. The dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
AP - A University of South Florida women's basketball player who wanted to wear Islamic clothing on the court quit the team on Wednesday.
Over objections from some drug companies, the Bush administration unveiled a new feature on the Medicare Web site comparing prices for similar brand-name drugs.
In the studio, M83 relies largely on keyboards. But when M83 came to the Bowery Ballroom on Tuesday it looked more like a rock band.
Gold mining company Newmont Mining Corporation announced that operations at one of its mining projects were being scaled back due to safety concerns after a blockade of road access to the mine.
When you have spent the last two months staring grimly at your own navel, the need for a victory - any victory - assumes desperate proportions.
#NAME?
We asked those affected by Hurricane Ivan, or those in its path, to e-mail us with their thoughts and experiences. The following are a selection of your replies.
Ziff Davis - Opinion: To keep Linux on the right path to the enterpise, the new standard base is essential.
Less than 23 months after they said they found everything they needed in Art Howe, the Mets on Wednesday officially admitted they were wrong.
Reuters - Online consumers in the United\States spent  #36;8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in
Ford Motor Co. continued to sell Crown Victoria police cars even after the deaths of several officers in fiery rear-end crashes showed the vehicles were unsafe, a lawyer 
The launch of a Russian rocket to the International Space Station scheduled for October has been delayed because of problems with the docking system, the Russian Space Agency was quoted by Reuters as saying.
The Padres were dealt a blow Tuesday when it was discovered that Khalil Greene will be out of the lineup for at least a week. Their rookie shortstop sensation took a 
at least 47 people in the deadliest single attack in the Iraqi capital in six months. responsibility for Tuesday #39;s blast, which it said was carried out by a suicide attacker.
It was hard to imagine the situation getting worse for the Giants defense in the aftermath of the Eagles torching it with 330 passing yards, but the news that 
Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - San Diego Padres shortstop Khalil Greene is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken bone in his right index finger.
AP - The San Francisco 49ers' game Sunday in New Orleans could be moved or even postponed because of Hurricane Ivan, but the players and coaches are only worried about safety.
AP - Ted Lilly pitched eight scoreless innings and the Toronto Blue Jays ended a four-game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
Tony Blair says the government must do more to ensure failed asylum seekers are deported from the UK.
Genetics experts reported they have mapped chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of DNA linked to several rare but crippling disorders including spinal muscular atrophy.
15 Sep 2004, 16:01 GMT - Borland Software took a new direction this week, with the announcement of Software Delivery Optimization (SDO).
The Champions Trophy, despite still being at the pool stage, reaches its knockout phase when world champions Australia meet New Zealand at the Oval on Thursday.
China has invited four newly elected pro-democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the South China Morning Post reported on Thursday.
South Korea has admitted conducting experiments on nuclear materials in the past without the knowledge of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the UN nuclear watchdog.
After suffering through the worst season of his career, Redskins left tackle Chris Samuels is dedicated to returning to Pro Bowl form.
As Saturday's kickoff nears, the message emerging from the West Virginia program is tempered with caution and is exceedingly respectful toward the Maryland Terrapins.
Ted Lilly pitches eight scoreless innings and the Blue Jays end a four-game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the Orioles on Wednesday.
With just four healthy wideouts heading into Sunday's home opener, the Ravens may give Deion Sanders a chance at wideout.
Sean Johnson was at a Virginia football team meeting 2 1/2 years ago when he decided to embark on what he now calls the greatest experience of his life.
The revamped ACC is one of the top football conferences in the country. But scheduling a non-BCS conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department announced Wednesday.
Delta Air Lines Inc. said Wednesday that it revised its 2003 annual report to disclose the possibility that the company will file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the near term.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares dipped on Thursday, as  tech shares followed U.S. counterparts lower after an  influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
Long before President Vladimir Putin decided this week to eliminate the popular election of governors and appoint them himself, Putin effectively controlled who would lead Russia's diverse regions.
Citizens of Mexico pause to celebrate 150th anniversary of the country's national anthem.
Manchester United legend Denis Law led the tributes to Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Dutchman broke his club record for goals in European competition.
The fears of many hockey fans came true on Wednesday, with the NHL board of governors giving unanimous support to a player lockout.
The trial of Slobodan Milosevic has been suspended in Hague to allow the defense lawyers assigned to the former Yugoslav president more time to prepare their case.
Malaysia #39;s highest court yesterday declined to overturn a conviction for corruption against former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim.
For almost seven days, they drifted off the Cornish coast in a tiny inflatable raft, at the mercy of rough seas, battered by huge waves and high winds.
Reuters - Asian shares dipped on Thursday, as\tech shares followed U.S. counterparts lower after an\influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
Wall Street stocks fell Wednesday as a gloomy outlook from Coca-Cola Co. and a weaker reading on industrial production for August pressured on the market.
Wall Street went sour on Coca-Cola yesterday after the soft drinks giant unnerved investors with a profit warning that sent the shares tumbling.
Ancient Egyptians revered cats and other animals and took as much care in preparing them for their passage to the next life as they did with humans, scientists said Wednesday.
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has told the BBC that the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that contravened the UN Charter.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s information minister retracted his statement that President Pervez Musharraf would retain his position as head of the powerful army.
Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style democracy 
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is likely to keep production close to a 25-year high to prevent shortages during the US winter, OPEC officials said.
AP - Ricardo Mello upset second-seeded Mardy Fish 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 Wednesday and advanced to the third round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
 KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  running back Shaun Alexander was listed as questionable  Wednesday after missing practice due to a bruised right knee.
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has put the pressure for the success or failure of the Northern Ireland assembly talks firmly on the shoulders of Ian Paisley.
Alitalia took a step on Tuesday toward resolving the labor disputes that have threatened to push it into bankruptcy, agreeing to new contracts with its 2,300 pilots.
US Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell on Wednesday said technology and telecommunications companies are racing to develop ways to pipe television 
Having dedicated more than 40 years to the United Nations, the seventh Secretary General Kofi Annan is a well-liked and admired global figure.
AP - Lawyers for the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos plan to ask a federal judge to block major league baseball from moving the team.
AP - Russian police investigating the deadly Beslan school siege are looking inside their own squad house: One of the attack organizers was allegedly a former cop who disappeared six years ago.
AFP - Australia is to test unmanned surveillance aircraft as a means of protecting vital offshore oil and gas installations against terrorist attacks, the government said.
Javier Vazquez reversed his free fall with seven three-hit innings and Derek Jeter went 3 for 4 in the Yankees' second straight shutout victory.
A high, almost windless spot in the central region of the Antarctic plateau is the best place on Earth to view the stars, according to the first results from a small, automated telescope.
Carlos Silva tossed a one-hitter before leaving the game with a bruised ankle as the Minnesota Twins won their eighth straight game, downing the Chicago White Sox 6-1 on Wednesday.
AP - A judge has dismissed charges against a war protester who was arrested during a visit by President Bush last spring.
For older domestic manufacturers like General Motors, health care represents a severe financial burden.
For the caregivers of patients, life is an act of stoic devotion that most families embrace as the antithesis of a nursing home.
OPEC will increase its oil production target by 1 million barrels a day later this year in a move widely viewed as more symbolic than significant, given 
Federal officials Wednesday proposed requiring automakers to install monitors in each wheel on a car to warn drivers when pressure falls more than 25 in any of the tires.
St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Jim Edmonds homered and delivered the go- ahead run in the eighth inning on a sacrifice fly, leading the St.
Last Sunday, tens of thousands of Israeli citizens filled the streets of Jerusalem in protest of the long awaited, long overdue Israeli withdrawal of approximately 8,000 Jewish settlers from Gaza.
Alana Beard scores 22 points as the Mystics beat the San Antonio, 84-73, Wednesday for their fourth straight win.
With Hurricane Ivan threatening New Orleans, the Saints will practice in San Antonio. They are scheduled to play the San Francisco 49ers at home Sunday.
Volkswagen (VW) and its workers headed into crucial wage negotiations yesterday that will sorely test the tradition of labour-management co-operation at the car maker as it struggles 
Labor disputes between rich athletes and even wealthier owners are always sickening. In this NHL cold war, both sides will be bruised a little.
Kevin Millar and Mark Bellhorn hit two-run homers Wednesday to lift the Red Sox to a 8-6 victory over the Devil Rays.
Gamblers left more than \$1.3 billion in Arizona Indian casinos in fiscal 2004, demonstrating an appetite for slot machines and cards that shows no signs of ebbing.
The explosion of a bolt could have damaged the Soyuz spacecraft set to carry a new crew to the International Space Station, and the Russian space agency says resulting safety 
National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman has locked the players out, but he isnt speculating on how far he is going to throw the key.
ISLAMABAD, Sept 15: Opposition parties on Wednesday reacted strongly to the statement of Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed and termed it an announcement on behalf of the president 
Iraqi officials say at least 12 people were killed and 16 wounded in more incidents of violence across the country Wednesday. They say 10 people were killed and six wounded in an exchange of gunfire between 
Reduced coverage means the hurricane's impact on insurance companies will be muted. And that is fostering anger among some politicians in Florida.
The cancellation of a \$5 billion outsourcing contract with J.P. Morgan Chase reveals a huge potential exposure for I.B.M.
The Italian airline Alitalia said on Wednesday that it had delayed by five days, until Monday, the final approval to its bailout plan, which includes 5,000 layoffs.
British Airways is canceling almost 1,000 Heathrow flights over the next three months in a move it says will protect its operational performance.
he Wall Street Journal announced yesterday that it would begin publishing a Saturday issue starting in the fall of 2005. By following its business readers home for the weekend, the newspaper 
Growth in industrial output nearly stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities almost outweighed a strong performance at factories, a report from the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
With the expiration of the NHL #39;s collective bargaining agreement, the league locked out its players at midnight Wednesday. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced earlier in the 
GREEN BAY, Wis. - Cornerback Mike McKenzie returned to the Green Bay Packers yesterday after holding out throughout training camp and missing the season opener.
Miller Park fans seemed far more disappointed Wednesday night at missing a chance to witness history than seeing the San Francisco Giants embarrass their Milwaukee Brewers.
The threatened sanctions championed by the United States and the European Union (EU) on Sudan could not help solve the crisis in the African country, saida leading Chinese newspaper Thursday.
AP - The British and Irish governments summoned rival Northern Ireland parties to a moat-surrounded castle Thursday in hopes of crafting a new peace deal for the British territory.
A state district judge declared the school funding system unconstitutional Wednesday, saying Texas faces a bleak future if it fails to spend more on public education.
At least 22 people in southern Bangladesh have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a lorry, police say.
MUMBAI: US stocks fell on Wednesday amid earnings warnings from Coca-Cola amid news that industrial output in August managed only meagre gain.
AP - Ryan Franklin ended an 11-game losing streak, outpitching John Lackey to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 1-0 win over the Anaheim Angels on Wednesday night.
Auditors at  Delta Air Lines raise doubts about the company's ability to stay  in business.
President George W. Bush and his rival for the White House, John Kerry, are put under the microscope this week for their record on science, health and the environment.
Russian President Vladimir Putin barely left time for the funerals before cynically exploiting the deaths of more than 300 children and adults.
The British and Irish governments summoned rival Northern Ireland parties to a moat-surrounded castle Thursday in hopes of crafting a new peace deal for the British territory.
A representative of the Cayman Islands has said that the island nation is getting back on its feet after the weekend onslaught of Hurricane Ivan.
Prosecutors blame the New York Times hacker for inspiring others of his generation to become cyber outlaws.\
AP - Russian authorities believe that two Chechen women suspected of blowing up Russian passenger jets last month got on the planes by paying bribes, media reports said.
First you have to look at the Dallas Cowboys. Last year they won 10 games, made the playoffs, and of course lost to the Carolina Panthers who went onto the Super Bowl.
AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.
World oil prices are on the rise, as Hurricane Ivan threatens to disrupt oil flow in the Gulf of Mexico.
The chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency says drug allegations surrounding US Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones could become a turning point in efforts to rid sports of drugs.
UK watchdog the Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that Apple is ripping off its UK customers. The investigation follows a complaint that UK customers were having to shell out more for the reassuringly 
Gunmen snatched three British citizens, believed to be civilians, from a house in central Baghdad early on Thursday, Iraq #39;s Interior Ministry said.
Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens has broken ground for a \$12 million renovation featuring geothermal energy and recycled rainwater.
Researchers developing robotic lobsters, flies, dogs and cockroaches believe that machines inspired by biology will be able to operate in places where today's robots cannot go.
: Opec on Wednesday lifted oil supply quotas by one million barrels a day, 4 per cent, in a renewed bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
A profit warning from Coca-Cola took the fizz out of leading Wall St shares and sent the main indices sharply lower. At the closing bell, the Dow Jones was down 86.
London: Australian cricketers are hungry for some action and ravenous to get stuck into New Zealands one-day team at The Oval, captain Ricky Ponting said on Wednesday.
Recently in spite of Sudan #39;s opposition and criticism from international community the US is ready to go ahead with submitting a resolution to the UN Security Council for sanctions against Sudan.
A crew of five rescued off the coast of Cornwall after spending eight days adrift in a liferaft have spoken of their  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal.
AP - Miami receiver Sinorice Moss looks a lot like his older brother Santana  #151; on and off the field.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The three foreign men kidnapped from  their house in central Baghdad on Thursday were two Americans  and one Briton, Iraq's Interior Ministry said.
NASCAR's 2004 season has finally come to this: The Last Ten. And this: The Last Ten Men Standing.
The Yankees posted back-to-back shutouts for the first time since Aug. 27-28, 2002, at Boston.
Cornerback Mike McKenzie returned to the Green Bay Packers yesterday after holding out throughout training camp and missing the season opener.
Indonesian police arrest two people suspected of involvement in last week's Jakarta car bombing.
It's up; it's down. It takes off like a rocket, but later sinks like a stone.
Manufacturing in the nation accelerated in August and September, supporting Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's view that the economy  quot;regained some traction. quot;
Delta Air Lines Inc. revised its annual report yesterday to reflect its growing financial difficulties and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot;in the near term. quot;
German computer chip maker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department said yesterday.
Johnny Ramone, guitarist in seminal band The Ramones, dies of cancer at the age of 55.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Data integration will be one of the major themes at Oracle's OpenWorld conference this week.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Smaller, cheaper and supported
OPEC ministers yesterday agreed to increase their ceiling for oil production to help bring down stubbornly high prices in a decision that traders and analysts 
Hoping to put the ordeal of the last several months behind her, business executive Martha Stewart said yesterday that she wants to begin serving her prison 
For the first time in 52 years, The Wall Street Journal will start publishing a Saturday edition next September, the nation #39;s biggest financial newspaper announced yesterday.
Three months ago, the Tampa Bay Lightning won the Stanley Cup. Now there might not be a season for the Lightning to defend that championship.
SIR Alex Ferguson is set to take the axe to his under-performing side after a shambolic start to his 10th Champions League campaign as Manchester United manager.
Oscar De La Hoya has long been compared to Sugar Ray Leonard. Saturday night he #39;ll have a potentially painful encounter to try and prove all those comparisons were right.
Jose Pekerman is to be offered the job of Argentinian football coach after Carlos Bianchi turned it down it was announced on Wednesday.
The Chase for the Nextel Cup will begin in earnest Sunday with the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway. It will be the first event of NASCAR #39;s 
GRAEME Souness has vowed his Newcastle side will be known for an aggressive attacking style as he kicks off reign in the UEFA Cup tonight.
The New York Mets fired manager Art Howe yesterday but left him in the dugout for the final 2-1/2 weeks of a season gone bad after the All-Star break.
Three British nationals were nabbed by gunmen in the Iraqi capital on Thursday, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said. The three British men were believed to be civilians living 
Pakistan #39;s national assembly is due to debate whether President Pervez Musharraf should serve both as president and armed forces chief.
BEIJING: China #39;s ruling party leadership began a much-anticipated meeting in Beijing amid an apparent power struggle at the heart of the organization.
A family from Layton and more than a dozen other Americans have been stranded on Grand Cayman Island for five days without much food, clean drinking water or electricity in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
President Vladimir Putin #39;s move earlier this week to enhance his own power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security 
Diplomats from eight countries are on their way to the site of a mysterious blast in North Korea that sparked speculation a nuclear test had taken place.
Ziff Davis - New data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft's share drops to 93.7 percent of the market.
 LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were a touch softer  on Thursday, with the market slightly defensive before the  day's batch of economic numbers.
PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. said Wednesday it may look to expand in Wisconsin after completing its purchase of American Medical Security Group Inc.
Juan Carlos Ferrero became the second major casualty of the China Open on Thursday, the number two seed losing 6-4 6-4 to American Kevin Kim in the second round.
It wasn #39;ta name. It belonged on a license plate. But Y4145 identified Bernard Hopkins for nearly five years. In some ways, it still does.
The Mercury wasted a 13-point lead and dipped to .500 at 16-16 with a 73-58 loss to the Seattle Storm at KeyArena Wednesday night.
Some game makers are trying to get players to expand their horizons by reflecting on news events in games
AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:10 p.m. EDT). Jason Marquis goes for his 15th win of the season against the Astros.
Many times in his career as a passionate golfer, Pat Grant had made a tee time. He had never spent any time thinking about a tee, however.
Volkswagen #39;s labor negotiations in Germany began Wednesday with union demands for raises and job guarantees and company calls for a two-year pay freeze.
Coca-Cola #39;s chief executive yesterday said the world #39;s largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture 
The National Hockey League shut down at midnight Wednesday night, locking out players from training camps and signaling that owners are willing to cancel the 
A man and his wife have been arrested in the Indonesian province of East Java with possible link to the last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian Embassy here, police said Thursday.
The General Committee of the United Nations General Assembly decided Wednesday at its 59th session not to include into the draft agenda of the current session the so 
Officials with Canada #39;s top TV broadcasters said they expect regulators soon will allow them access to the free-spending prescription drug industry.
UN chief says Iraq may not be able to hold credible elections as planned in January 2005 due to lack of security. By Robert MacPherson - LONDON.
UK High Street sales confound market expectations and rise by 0.6 in August, increasing the likelihood of another interest rate rise this year.
SEOUL: South Korean microchip makers said they face a US investigation into a price-fixing conspiracy in which German maker Infineon technologies has already suffered heavy fines.
Cameroon's President Paul Biya confirms that he will stand for re-election in next month's polls.
Millions of computer users are at risk of attack because flaws in the way Windows handles some images.
IBM plans to start shipping its PCs with a new chip designed to thwart hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
Hurricane Ivan could blow away some of the rewards Oscar De La Hoya and Bernard Hopkins hope to realize from their middleweight showdown here Saturday.
RAFAEL BENITEZ last night insisted there was more to come from Liverpool after the  quot;fantastic start quot; to their Champions League return.
There were only a couple of dozen reporters on hand for San Diego native Chris Riley #39;s early morning press conference at the Ryder Cup at Bloomfield Township, Mich.
Indonesian police have arrested a man and his wife suspected of possible involvement in last week #39;s suicide car bombing at the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
A Briton shot dead in Saudi Arabia in an apparent terrorist attack was working for communications firm Marconi, the company said today.
Italian airline Alitalia has agreed a deal with its ground staff, paving the way for some 2,500 job cuts and a reduction in staff benefits.
A California environmental activist on Wednesday became the first customer to take delivery of a Ford Escape Hybrid. Ford Motor Co.
Not to be outdone in the digital download race by the likes of Microsoft, Apple and Real Networks, Yahoo have firmly stated their intentions by acquiring Musicmatch.
Computer users could be open to attack from malicious hackers because of the way that Windows displays some images. Microsoft has issued a warning about a critical vulnerability in Windows that could let carefully 
Former Wales striker Dean Saunders believes the new national team boss should be a Welshman. He has called on the Football Association of Wales to examine the credentials of the 
Birmingham #39;s Townsend Hotel expected the United States Ryder Cup players, their wives and maybe a few children this week. But no one thought the players and children could get confused.
Britains ambassador to North Korea travelled today to the site of a massive explosion to verify claims by the secretive Marxist nation that it was not a nuclear test.
&lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; TDD mode is not just data delivery
After years of being deluged with ever-increasing loads of spam, Internet users are starting to turn to instant-messaging applications instead of e-mail.
Saying the league was out of gas, commissioner Gary Bettman announced the long predicted lockout Wednesday and insisted the league will not play any more games until there is a new economic system.
OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- Those who wrote off the Texas Rangers in recent weeks soon may be forced to adjust their thinking.
Vodafone has become the first UK mobile phone operator to offer Research In Motion #39;s latest mobile device, the BlackBerry 7100.
US and European negotiators tentatively agreed Thursday to censure Iran for reneging on a freeze on uranium enrichment and moved closer to setting a deadline on Tehran 
Tony Blair is preparing to urge unionists and republicans to agree to a deal that would transform Northern Ireland #39;s deadlocked peace process.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai aborted a trip to a provincial capital today after a rocket hit near the landing site for his helicopter.
A group of US soldiers take legal action to try to prevent the army extending their tours of duty in Iraq.
VIENNA, Austria - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons related test site in Iran and accused the U.N...
&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; What's its secret? Productivity
Tour company shows Warner Brothers the Churchill spirit
British Airways has cancelled nearly 1,000 flights at Heathrow over the next three months in an effort to halt a slide in the reliability of its timetable.
Delta Air Lines late Wednesday revised its annual report to reflect its growing financial difficulties and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot;in the near term.
The announcement was called a breakthrough in the US Justice Department #39;s long investigation into price-fixing allegations in the semiconductor industry.
After waiting three long years, Bill Hammons was eager to get the keys to his new hybrid Ford Escape. And it #39;s no exaggeration to say Ford Motor Co.
A CHAMPIONS League match was abandoned last night when one of the world #39;s top referees was hit on the head by a missile from the crowd.
Rower Catriona Oliver will face a disciplinary hearing next week after she slapped team-mate Sally Robbins at an Australian Olympic Committee function in Sydney last night.
The holiday season generally arrives a bit earlier for boxing fans than for most, and this year is no exception as the fall fight season will soon be in full swing.
A graffiti artist spray-paints part of a chemical compound found in DNA on the road outside a lab where the double helix was unveiled.
Plane maker Airbus reported progress Wednesday in plans to enable passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006. Test equipment aboard an Airbus A320 plane demonstrated that mobile phones can 
South Africa go into Saturday #39;s deciding match against the West Indies with a slight advantage: they have the better run rate.
KABUL, Afghanistan Afghan president Hamid Karzai aborted his trip to a provincial capital today when a rocket hit near his landing site as his helicopter was approaching.
The Senate Commerce Committee hears testimony on the connection between greenhouse gases and climate changes. Many legislators want to take action, but the best course remains unclear. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
The recent run of hurricanes hitting the Atlantic Ocean has been helped by warmer waters, which some scientists attribute to global warming. That means get ready for more storms. By Stephen Leahy.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond  operations, a securities filing shows.
North Korea rules out further nuclear talks unless South Korea's own nuclear tests are "fully probed".
AFP - President George W. Bush beat Senator John Kerry in the US state of Ohio in a November 2 vote, according to official results.
Penny Pickett, president of the Washington, D.C. Tech Council, discusses the organization, technology regulatory policies, the region's tech industry and upcoming programs on homeland security technologies.
German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
The steel group Corus today announced pre-tax profits of 163m for the six months to the end of June - its first interim profits since its formation in 1999.
The hometown favorite, Hoffman Estates-based Lakewood Homes, can put its fourth consecutive consumer satisfaction trophy on the shelf, besting national home builders with major presence in the Chicago area market.
European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
AFP - Diplomats from eight countries left the North Korean capital for the remote site of a mysterious explosion to check Pyongyang's claim that it was not a nuclear blast.
Several Somalis are killed in fighting between rival militias near the port city of Kismayo.
The OSCE condemns Russia's handling of the media during the bloody Beslan school siege.
That seat on the bench that Robert Gallery was keeping warm? It now belongs to Langston Walker. Oakland Raiders coach Norv Turner announced Wednesday  quot;if things go 
While baseball immortality awaits Barry Bonds, it remains to be seen whether he will be a more popular figure once he becomes the third player in history to hit 700 homers.
Iraqi authorities say unidentified gunmen abducted two Americans and one Briton from a house in Baghdad, Thursday. Earlier, officials identified all three as British nationals.
The pro-Beijing camp came out of the elections for the Legislative Council (Legco) in Hong Kong last Sunday much better than did the pro-democracy camp.
Reuters - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities\and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond\operations, a securities filing shows.
Workers in Germany, the Netherlands and Finland take the most time off for sickness in Europe, a survey suggests.
US and European trade officials began a politically charged meeting Thursday to discuss the future of government support for aviation titans Boeing and Airbus Industrie.
NEW YORK - Engineers in charge of setting technical standards for the Internet have rejected a preliminary spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp.
A recent chemical analysis of preserved mummies has revealed that when it came to mummification, ancient Egyptians treated animals every bit as well as humans.
New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes says the chance to take over at the Premier League club was simply too good to pass up. Appointed late on Wednesday, the Wales 
A HUSBAND and wife who may be linked to last week #39;s Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta have been arrested following raids by Indonesian police.
Online retailer Amazon revamps its A9 search site as its tries to grab a slice of the search business.
VIENNA, Austria - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons-related test site in Iran and accused the U.N...
Paralympics boss Phil Craven today warned of a zero-tolerance policy towards drugs cheats after he was confronted with the first doping scandal of the Athens Games before the event has even started.
Unionist demands for the IRA to be wound up can be met as soon as they give a pledge to share power in Northern Ireland, Gerry Adams stressed today.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has indicated he is reconsidering a promise to relinquish his second post as military chief later this year.
Mark Hughes today vowed that his understated style of management would not be compromised as he embraced the role of lifting Blackburn out of the Barclays Premiership relegation zone.
The tradition of identification parades at the police station is to end as technology takes over.
NewsFactor - Orange has launched its long-awaited 3G mobile service in the UK, with the goal of signing up as many as 2 million subscribers by the end of 2006.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Cue trumpets, etc
 LONDON (Reuters) - Belgium's Kim Clijsters and Australian  Lleyton Hewitt, the golden couple of tennis, will marry next  February in Australia.
Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest maker of telephone equipment, said revenue in the third quarter will decline from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
In the run up to the US presidential election, the science journal Nature has put 15 questions on current science debates to both candidates.
XM Radio, after scrapping their XM PC Receiver because of piracy concerns, is launching their an online service next month. Theyre gonna charge \$7.
There was an uncharacteristic gravity wrapped around the West Indies yesterday. Gone was the carefree, calypso approach to their batting, while the bowling was clinical 
Search Engine Watch gains a blog, as a new method of better speading news and information about search engines to readers.
Retired Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Leo Mullin, who still lives in Atlanta, will be spending more time in New York City serving as senior adviser to the private equity group at Goldman Sachs.
BNP Paribas Peregrine said Thursday Hong Kong is expected to enjoy seven years of economic feast and the city is now entering the second year.
Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showed that US core inflation for August was below market expectations.
Technology India Washington, Sep 16 : Scientists have proposed the building of a telescope in the Antarctic, claiming that the calm air above the icy landscape makes it the best place on Earth for astronomy.
Pick two scientists, any two scientists with strong climatology credentials, and ask whether global warming has anything to do with the recent onslaught of hurricanes and typhoons.
The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team today continued testing at Silverstone, with Fernando Alonso and Jacques Villeneuve representing the team.
LONDON : Australa won the toss and elected to field in their winner-takes-all ICC Champions Trophy Pool A match against New Zealand here at the Oval.
Scoring the decisive goal for Team Canada in an important game comes with an instant one-way ticket to Heroville north of the border.
The Iraqi Interior Ministry today said the men were seized from their house in the al-Mansour neighbourhood at dawn. Reports said that there was no fighting during the incident but neither the Foreign Office 
BESLAN, Russia When one small boy saw the armed soldier guarding the door of his school Wednesday morning, he pulled on his mother #39;s hand and burst into tears.
Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
The ninth installment of the hit CBS reality series kicks off its tribal warring ways.
Martha Stewart said yesterday she wants to begin her prison term as soon as possible. Speaking at a packed news conference held at the offices of her Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Near-bankrupt Alitalia held crucial contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff Wednesday in a last-minute attempt to save the state-controlled airline from collapse.
Delta Air Lines said Wednesday it has revised its 2003 annual report to include a new report by its independent auditor warning that bankruptcy is looming.
Mark Hughes took over as manager of Blackburn Rovers on Friday but will still lead Wales in its next two World Cup qualifying games.
The UN secretary general Kofi Annan considered yesterday in an interview broadcast by the BBC ( world section) that the American invasion of Iraq in 2003  quot;was illegitimate.
At least four Palestinians were killed in a raid carried out by the Israeli occupation forces yesterday against Jenin city in the West Bank, according to medical and security sources.
AP - Art Howe came to the New York Mets fresh off three straight playoff appearances in Oakland, fully ready to turn around a faltering franchise.
Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois #39; 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.
Danny Williams has said he will need to be 30-40 better than he was when he stunned Mike Tyson to dethrone WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko.
Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said third-quarter revenue will decline from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
A laser that can beam data from Mars to Earth at 10 times the rate of current radio links will be flown to the Red Planet in 2009, say NASA scientists.
Gunmen kidnapped a senior official of the security forces in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, the latest sign of a surge in internal Palestinian unrest, witnesses said.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks opened a little higher on  Thursday as investors were reassured by inflation data  suggesting the Fed need not hurry to push interest rates  higher.
A US nuclear monitor shows satellite images of an Iranian weapons facility which may be working on nuclear weapons.
Used cars have a lot to offer -- if you know what you're doing.
Electronic Data Systems, which lost business when customer US Airways filed for bankruptcy protection the first time around, says the carrier #39;s latest filing also will hurt.
SEOUL A group of foreign diplomats was escorted Thursday to the site of a recent huge blast in North Korea, a diplomat here said on condition of anonymity.
AP - William Green had two options: run out of bounds and settle for a good gain, or fight for extra yardage and perhaps a first down.
PC World - Software giant's deal with Sun has raised some questions.
AP - Denny Neagle's contract was terminated by the Colorado Rockies on Monday, three days after the oft-injured pitcher was cited for solicitation.
EDS (EDS:NYSE - news - research) shares slipped Thursday after the company warned that an airline industry bankruptcy could take a big chunk out of earnings.
WASHINGTON -- The number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits rose last week. But the increase was smaller than economists had been expecting.
Departing Wales boss Mark Hughes has added his weight to the argument for appointing another Welshman to succeed him. The former Manchester United and Barcelona striker was unveiled 
Japanese doctors have used thin sheets of cheek tissue to restore vision in people with a painful eye condition caused by damaged corneas.
It's like they wanted to help us, which is weird, says one security expert of the latest bizarre twist in the worm's development.
The government #39;s latest Consumer Price Index shows little, if any, sign of inflation. The August CPI is up one-tenth of one percent.
The Washington, DC-based satellite radio operators new service - XM Radio Online - will launch early next month and will be free from commercials.
AP - Tuskegee University officials called off Saturday's football game with Benedict College because of Hurricane Ivan's impact on Alabama.
AP - President Bush signed disaster declarations Thursday to speed federal assistance to hurricane-battered states and is considering a visit to the region, his spokesman said.
A Pakistani militant says he carried out a string of attacks which killed at least 100 Shia Muslims.
The head of United said today the airline's restructuring plan would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was not clear how many.
Companies love to give away prizes, but that doesn't make them winners.
Memory chip maker Infineon Technologies yesterday pled guilty to breaching US antitrust laws for price fixing in its dynamic random access memory (or DRAM) chip business.
Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showing US core inflation for August below market expectations failed to alter views on Federal Reserve rate policy.
Planning for Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is at an advanced stage and the army is awaiting only the order to go ahead, the Israeli army chief said on Thursday.
International Business Machines Corp., one of the worlds largest personal computer makers, announced its partnership with British bank, Lloyds TSB.
A BRITISH consumer has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store.
ANOTHER haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on aircraft.
The calm air above part of the Antarctic makes it the best place on Earth for astronomy, according to the scientists who propose building a telescope in the icy wilderness.
Hurricane Ivan is among the most powerful Atlantic storms in recent history, and more such storms are likely in the future due to global warming, say climate experts.
Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - As I write this column about my first day at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches, there is something very interesting on my television at the moment.
Delray Beach  After wondering out loud at times why he couldn #39;t get the ball over the net, Mardy Fish had little reaction the final time he hit one short.
The sports world #39;s highest court has received three new appeals involving medals in gymnastics, weightlifting and track and field awarded at last month #39;s Athens Olympics.
A major wrangle over TV rights for Indian cricket is threatening to mar the build-up to a mouth-watering home test series against Australia next month.
TWO Chechen women suspected of blowing up two Russian passenger planes last month were detained but freed -- and then went on to bribe their way aboard.
Reuters - With direct private fund-raising for\the presidential campaigns ended, President Bush has maintained\the traditional Republican edge among business leaders,\according to government data.
New York's attorney general orders the company to change its advertising strategy.
The troubled tech company releases an estimate of the damage it could sustain in the wake of the airline's bankruptcy filing.
European plane maker Airbus SAS has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) technology, the company said Wednesday.
Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said third-quarter revenue will fall from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
European aero-producer Airbus has reported progress on plans that would allow passengers to use mobile phones during air travel, beginning in 2006.
In a fresh development in the legal battle over telecast rights of cricket matches, SAB TV on Thursday moved the Bombay high court urging it to intervene in the matter.
(Sports Network) - The Brewers will try to keep Barry Bonds from getting his 700th homer today, when they close out their three-game series against the San Francisco Giants.
Pakistan appears no closer to crippling al Qaeda or snaring its leader, despite scores of militant arrests in recent months which highlighted 
Loyalist killer Ken Barrett has been sentenced to 22 years in jail for the murder of Catholic solicitor Pat Finucane at his north Belfast home in February 1989.
AP - A former top-level State Department official illegally took a secret, unauthorized trip to Taiwan last year and met with Taiwanese intelligence officers, according to a criminal complaint.
AP - Eastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. Thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
AFP - New data showed US inflation in check, with consumer prices up a modest 0.1 percent in August, giving the Federal Reserve room go slow on boosting interest rates.
The Prime Minister has arrived in Northern Ireland for crunch talks on the future of devolved government in the region. All the main political parties, along with Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie 
Insurgents kidnapped two American and one British contractor in a brazen dawn raid on their home in one of Baghdad #39;s most upscale neighborhoods, underscoring the rapidly 
A lavish ceremony has marked the opening of the second session of the Pan-African Parliament. It is the first time the body is meeting in South Africa, it is permanent host country.
A one-day nationwide strike of civil service workers in South Africa has brought education to a standstill and affected many other state agencies.
NEWS Corporation shareholders were told yesterday to expect an even brighter future if the global media conglomerate moved its primary listing to the New York stock exchange.
Over the next year and a half, Clear Channel Radio -- which owns six stations in the Austin market -- will convert 20 to 25 stations around the country to Hispanic formats.
Microscopic embryonic stem cells might hold the answer to afflictions from baldness, wrinkles, and age spots to the most intractable diseases.
A new keyboard for phones that incorporates a traditional Qwerty layout and a standard number pad has been developed by the makers of the Blackberry mobiles.
Fear has been mounting in the open-source community that Microsoft could start suing users at any time for alleged patent violations.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Nothing could be worse for golf than Vijay Singh as the PGA Tour #39;s No. 1 player. Seriously, Singh replacing Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No.
The carrier did nothing wrong when it shared passenger data related to the Sept. 11 attacks, the Department of Transportation rules.
AP - A new ocean science program dedicated to studying and explaining the world's oceans is the latest offering from the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History.
There's change in store for Thomas Jefferson - on the nickel that is. He's getting his first makeover since being put on the coin in 1938.
The convenience store chain's sales growth depends heavily on high gas prices.
A U.K. consumer watchdog office is investigating claims of unfair pricing practices.
Short-term interest rate futures rallied on Thursday after a weaker-than-expected Philadelphia Fed factory survey made a pause in official rate increases look more possible.
Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.
Workers at the historic Jaguar plant at Browns Lane in Coventry were today anxiously waiting to find out whether Ford would shut down the factory with the loss of 2,000 jobs.
Chip maker National Semiconductor Inc. is rolling out hardware devices designed to make desktop and laptop PCs more secure. The Santa Clara, Calif.
Microsoft #39;s settlement with Sun Microsystems includes a provision explicitly preserving Microsoft #39;s right to sue licensees of a free alternative to its dominant Microsoft Office software.
Nokia researchers have developed a new peer-to-peer (P2P) scheme tailored specifically for mobile phones. Still in a development and testing phase, the network 
Microsoft has developed a convenient solution for replacing all those passwords with something you don #39;t have to worry about forgetting: your fingerprint.
LONDON : Andrew Symonds blasted a quickfire 71 not out as Australia beat New Zealand by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy here at The Oval.
com. With the American League East title hanging in the balance, the Yankees and Red Sox lock up on Saturday afternoon in the Bronx in one of the final five meetings of the season between 
A court in Indonesia has sentenced the editor of a leading media group to a year in prison for libeling a controversial businessman.
AFP - A Tiger Woods is never more dangerous than when he is wounded.
AP - Christy Jones says her idea for a business to freeze women's eggs came when her own biological clock alarm rang at age 32.
AP - Interior Secretary Gale Norton has signed an agreement with representatives of Arizona, Nevada and California to protect wildlife habitat on the Colorado River and aid native species.
Australia thump New Zealand by seven wickets to move into the semi-finals of the Champions Trophy.
Will Pacificare's deal with American Medical Security prove to be a lucrative link?
Jacob Goldfield has resigned as chief investment officer of George Soros #39; \$8.3 billion hedge fund to start his own investment management company.
A Labour MP who used to work for luxury carmaker Jaguar said today that vital manufacturing skills will be lost forever if the firms owners close one of its three UK plants.
The airline did nothing wrong when it shared passenger data related to the Sept. 11 attacks, the agency rules.
THE Sydney Paralympics brought record ticket sales, television ratings, a new batch of sporting heroes. And then, without warning, came the shame.
AP - Doctors in Massachusetts would be able to access patients' records from any hospital or clinic in the state by computer under an initiative announced Monday.
AP - A list of major terrorist incidents blamed mostly on Chechen militants since 1995:
AP - After opening week, the sharpest criticism Seattle coach Mike Holmgren had for tackle Walter Jones was that he sometimes let the pocket get too close to quarterback Matt Hasselbeck.
 ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free  agent guards Kenny Anderson and Jon Barry on Thursday. Terms of  the contracts were not disclosed.
Trade officials from the United States and the European Union haggled over subsidies for aircraft companies on Thursday in Brussels, but came to no agreement on the issue.
Reuters - The Atlanta Hawks signed free\agent guards Kenny Anderson and Jon Barry on Thursday. Terms of\the contracts were not disclosed.
AP - The former chairman of Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Sir Philip Watts, petitioned a British regulatory body for permission to challenge some of its findings on Shell's oil reserves scandal.
AP - The Monterey Bay Aquarium has an unusual visitor that experts are hoping will be a permanent houseguest: a great white shark.
Is Social Security an important part of civilized society, or just another form of welfare?
When each company in a food chain has an inventory glut, look out below.
The California department store operator might look interesting to acquirers.
SPACE.com - Today's global warming nbsp;is nothing compared to what astronomers have just seen through the time machine nbsp;of a telescope.
Sept. 15, 2004 - The respected science journal Nature posed 15 questions to President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on key science issues.
ATLANTA - Less than a month before training camp, the Atlanta Hawks added some depth to a very shaky backcourt Thursday by signing veteran free agents Jon Barry and Kenny Anderson.
Across the Americas, Native Americans are preparing for Tuesday's opening powwow in Washington, D.C. #151;the largest such gathering in recent times.
In the Andes mountains, forests cloak the ruins of a pre-Inca civilization, the size and scope of which archaeologists are only now beginning to understand.
A new study suggests the ancient Egyptians put as much care into mummifying some cats, birds, and other animals as they did into preserving human corpses.
AP - Former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim says he will not give his opponents in Malaysia any excuse to put him behind bars again, but he vowed to keep campaigning for democratic reforms.
The Smithsonian #39;s National Museum of Natural History announced plans to create a 28,000-square-foot Ocean Hall as part of a new Smithsonian Ocean Science Initiative.
The former Rovers striker has signed a two-year contract at Ewood Park, with the option to extend the deal by twelve months should both parties agree.
Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai was forced to cancel a trip to a provincial capital after a rocket hit near the landing site for his helicopter.
AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks Republican President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:
Those looking at Lawson Software's long-term potential will like what they see.
Senator Kerry leveled his charges in a speech prepared for delivery later today before the National Guard Association in Las Vegas.
The former chairman of oil group Royal Dutch/Shell today challenged the City watchdog over its findings on the companys oil reserves scandal.
Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry 7100v, which sports the company #39;s latest keyboard technology, is being offered exclusively through Vodafone.
A large piece of space shuttle Columbia debris was found recently in southeast Texas, a NASA official said. The 6-foot-long piece of the crew compartment was discovered two weeks ago 
Australia #39;s women #39;s rowing team was hit by scandal again Thursday when Catriona Oliver walked up to teammate Sally Robbins and slapped her shoulder.
The battle for No. 1 between Vijay Singh and Tiger Woods is coming to western Pennsylvania. Woods has agreed to play in the 84 Lumber Classic near Farmington, Pa.
AP - Auburn and LSU have played several nickname games in recent years: The Fire Game. The Interception Game. The Cigar Game.
NewsFactor - XM Satellite Radio is the latest content provider to join the increasingly crowded online-music market, announcing the impending launch of a service delivering its radio programming via the Internet.
AP - Ohio State is 15-5 in games decided by a touchdown or less under coach Jim Tressel, an uncanny run of success that defies explanation.
A new sign language created over 30 years by deaf Nicaraguan children, gives a unique insight into how languages evolve.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Activity at factories in the Philadelphia region grew at a slower pace in September, the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia said Thursday.
roundup Plus: Microsoft connects with SAP...Autodesk updates hobbyist tool...LogicLibrary buys bug catcher...Think local, act Google.
The two companies zoom in on semiconductor technology to help digital cameras and camera phones take better pictures.\
Less than a day after Microsoft detailed the latest Windows vulnerability, hackers were hunting for exploit codes. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
A group of small telephone companies said Thursday it #39;s worried that state regulators next week will allow telecommunications giant SBC Communications Inc.
Auburn and LSU have played several nickname games in recent years: The Fire Game. The Interception Game. The Cigar Game. The latest entry might be The Hurricane Game.
World oil prices rose on Thursday on worries about oil production shut by Hurricane Ivan and a new storm that could delay imports from entering the Gulf of Mexico.
Research In Motion is targeting European and Asian markets with a phone-and-messaging device that uses the company #39;s new SureType keyboard design.
A new system of sign language developed by deaf children in Nicaragua may hold clues about the evolution of languages. When the country #39;s first school for the deaf was established 
This weekend #39;s 20th Lucas Oil Nationals at Maple Grove Raceway kicks off the final five-race stretch of the 2004 NHRA POWERade season.
Israeli Occupation Forces have perpetrated more human rights violations against Palestinian civilians in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
AFP - The Charlotte Bobcats signed shooting guard Steve Smith, a National Basketball Association veteran who brings a wealth of experience to the expansion team.
AP - The Americans have the big names. The Europeans have the luck of the Irish.
The Millbrook Vineyards and Winery is a popular stop for tourists looking for a bit of culture and culinary indulgence, all in a country setting.
Owning the World Series of Poker has been a major competitive score for Harrah's.
More Americans are looking to Canada for ideas on fixing the health-care crisis.
The Foreign Service officer is suspected of improperly passing documents to Taiwanese intelligence agents.
Tensions ease at the University of Texas at Dallas when administrators reverse restrictions on Wi-Fi use.
RIM's new BlackBerry 7100t phone represents a radical departure from the company's text-centric roots.
The 100d is designed for small offices looking for inexpensive networked storage.
The sovereignty of Lebanon has suddenly become an issue of regional and global interest, including resolutions in the US Congress and the United Nations Security Council.
AP - BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich.  #151; Oakland Hills' place in golf history was secure before the Ryder Cup arrived.
The simmering debate between Airbus and Boeing over subsidies is likely to intensify as negotiators from the United States and European Union, under pressure from the US president, prepare 
The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) in the UK has not taken up the request of the Consumer Association yesterday that Apple is ripping-off UK Music lovers.
It was a Holy Grail looming on the personal electronics horizon: a pocket-sized device with a workhorse battery and the capacity to hold hours of audio and video.
ATHENS (CP) - Canadian sprinter Earle Connor has been suspended from the Canadian Paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport.
Following broad criticism that President Vladimir Putin is exploiting the Beslan school massacre to enhance his powers, the Kremlin mobilized a number of surrogate spokespeople 
eWeek says that new data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft #39;s share drops to 93.
AP - President Bush has removed Thailand from the U.S. government list of countries where significant illicit drug trafficking takes place.
The Sun newspaper says it has had a reporter working undercover in the Commons for months.
NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - The US consumer prices increased only modestly last month, indicating no immediate inflation risks to the macroeconomic trends.
Electronic Data Systems Corp., which lost business when customer US Airways Group Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection the first time, says the carrier #39;s latest filing also will hurt.
The dollar sagged on Thursday, pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected US regional manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as dealers awaited comments 
A large piece of debris from the shattered space shuttle Columbia has turned up near Lufkin, Texas -- more than a year and a half after it broke up.
IBM has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
In this second part of our personal, home-made PC-based PVR solution, Anandtech focuses on Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center.
Reuters - The Charlotte\Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on\Thursday.
The United Nations secretary-general has urged the Security Council to take immediate action over a US draft resolution on Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
 CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Sports Network) - The Charlotte  Bobcats signed free agent shooting guard Steve Smith on  Thursday.
Plan to channel funds from reconstruction to security signals focus on shorter-term goal of holding elections.
The US is rolling out a nine-country, \$125 million military training program.
UN chief  Kofi Annan asks the Security Council to adopt a US draft resolution on Sudan's Darfur region.
Shares of NeoPharm Inc. jumped 7 percent Thursday morning after the troubled biotechnology company said it regained licenses for two key cancer medications from Pfizer Inc.
Federal Reserve Governor Edward Gramlich said Thursday that keeping inflation under control remained paramount for the central bank.
Aircraft maker Airbus (EAD.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) insisted on Thursday it had no intention of taking sides in a Microsoft (MSFT.
European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
Hurricane Ivan pummels the US Gulf Coast, causing at least 12 deaths and widespread damage. 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada #39;s NHL teams came out Thursday and voiced their support for the league #39;s decision to lockout its players.
The database software giant is expected to launch Tsunami, a competitor to products from IBM and Microsoft, later this year.
The enterprise software legend shifts his attention to Web services. Say hello to start-up Cordys and its integration software.
Analysts and authors expect Adobe to release a new version of its publishing software soon.
Says buy will improve consulting contacts and provide products to help recover lost passwords and improve site security.
The Silicon Valley start-up has won a partnership with IBM that will help it grab a piece of the growing market for Wi-Fi services at big companies.
US Airways' intention to reorganize under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection is expected to affect the third-quarter financial performance of Electronic Data Systems Corp.
The successful Airbus tests involved communications to and from several different types of GSM mobile phones onboard to mobile and fixed telephones on the ground, and to another mobile phone on the plane.
Nortel Networks has been working for months to correct several years of faulty financial results that have sparked lawsuits, criminal investigations and regulatory probes.
NEW YORK - IBM Corp. has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor Corp. in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
LONDON - The British government was reported to be considering tough new measures yesterday, including banning demonstrations near Parliament, following the most flagrant breach of parliamentary security in living memory.
Reuters - The Houston Rockets exercised\the fourth-year option on center Yao Ming's contract on\Thursday.
 HOUSTON (Sports Network) - The Houston Rockets exercised  the fourth-year option on center Yao Ming's contract on  Thursday.
SafeKeeper module stores passwords, encryption keys in ThinkCentre desktops.
THE intense emotion surrounding Olympian Sally Robbins increased yesterday when she left a team function in tears on Monday night after being slapped by Athens Games teammate Catriona Oliver.
CUPERTINO, Calif. -- Symantec Corp. said Thursday it is acquiring digital security consulting firm stake Inc. Financial details were not disclosed.
Manufacturing in the nation accelerated in August and September, supporting Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s view that the economy  quot;regained some traction.
PLANO, Texas -- Earlier this week, a state district judge ruled the  quot;Robin Hood quot; plan of funding Texas public schools to be unconstitutional.
Building systems and aerospace products maker United Technologies Corp. said Thursday that NASA selected its flight systems manufacturing unit as the prime contractor for extravehicular systems work that could 
The lead semiconductor equipment trade group said August bookings declined 5 from the revised July level to \$1.52 billion -- another sign that chip equipment demand is flagging.
The National Hockey League pulled the plug on the start of training camp Wednesday, threatening the entire 2004-05 professional hockey season.
It would be difficult to pick a character trait common to Mark Hughes and Sir Alex Ferguson. But it was to his old boss that Blackburn Rovers #39; new manager turned when the 
LOS ANGELES -- A report on Thursday revealed new information about what Kobe Bryant allegedly told Colorado police before he was arrested on sexual assault charges.
The Israeli government does not intend to honour the US-backed road map to peace in the Middle East once it has completed a planned pullout from Gaza, an Israeli newspaper reported today.
The spring of hope, and the winter of despair. These are the mixed emotions that enunciate the prevailing paradox of our present society.
TORONTO (CP) - Microcell Telecommunications #39; buoyant shares hit a new high Thursday amid heightened expectations of a bidding war between Telus Corp.
IBM has begun using new security hardware from National Semiconductor in its desktop PCs in an effort to fend off viruses and hackers.
A group of gunmen have released a senior Palestinian security official after earlier kidnapping him in the Gaza Strip. General Mohammad al-Batrawi was driving through Gaza City when he was ambushed.
PC World - SafeKeeper module stores passwords, encryption keys in ThinkCentre desktops.
Reports that shoppers are leaving it late in the hope of finding festive bargains may be borne out by new High Street data.
The founder of Easyjet confirms he is to enter the online music market in a partnership with UK-based download service Wippit.
Using the Nouse in three-dimensional environments, such as design and game software, requires the use of two broadly spaced Web cams.
IBM's loss of its huge JPMorgan contract comes as outsourcing deals are getting smaller.  \
Move should open the way for the Linux seller to buy other companies.
SAN FRANCISCO - Symantec Corp. has agreed to acquire Stake Inc., a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based provider of IT security consulting services.
Times remain tough for IT workers looking for jobs across the U.S., according to a new employment study of the IT marketplace.
ISP rejects Microsoft antispam plan after open-source community speaks out.
Symantec Corp. on Thursday announced that is acquiring stake Inc., perhaps the most well-known security consulting firm in the industry, for an undisclosed sum.
NEW YORK : The dollar swung lower after a disappointing report from the Philadelphia Federal Reserve that prompted fears of weaker US industrial activity than economists had been expecting.
Insured losses in the United States from Hurricane Ivan are expected to hit \$4 billion to \$10 billion US, analysts estimated on Thursday.
Glenn Hoddle will not be returning to Southampton Football Club, according to chairman Rupert Lowe. It had been suggested that the former England coach was set to make a controversial return to the Saints 
AFP - About 1,100 troops from the elite 82nd Airborne Division are being deployed to Afghanistan to beef up security for the October 13 presidential elections, a US defense official said.
AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Thursday accused President Bush of failing to tell the truth about the situation in Iraq as the country falls into more violence and chaos with each passing day.
Kobe Bryant told police he stopped when his alleged victim said "no" and wondered if she would accept money to recant a claim that could damage his reputation.
U.S. captain Hal Sutton made sure this Ryder Cup gets off to a dynamic start by pairing Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson for the first time in the opening match.
Security powerhouse Symantec Thursday unveiled plans to acquire solution provider Stake in a move to expand its already swelling services business.
National Semiconductor has released its Safekeeper Trusted Input/Output chip, which stores passwords, digital certificates and encryption keys on PCs.
A BRITISH man and two Americans were kidnapped at dawn yesterday in an affluent Baghdad suburb after their guard failed to turn up for work.
Texas Instruments Inc. authorized a \$1 billion stock repurchase and increased its quarterly dividend to 2.5 cents from 2.125 cents.
AFP - Thousands of Guyanese were without Internet service for most of Thursday because the Americas II submarine fiber-optic cable broke in French Guiana, authorities said.
PC World - Cell phones and wireless devices pass Airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
Patrick Kluivert eased Newcastle towards the group stage of the UEFA Cup in Graeme Souness #39; first game in charge - but at some cost.
Jockey Sean Fox, who mysteriously jumped from his horse mid-race and sparked fears of a betting scam, won his appeal Thursday against a 21-day suspension.
British seabirds have had their worst breeding season ever with industrial fishing a key problem, scientists say.
The data storage company is selling its Stonehouse Technologies unit for \$6.5 million.
Cell phones and wireless devices pass Airbus's onboard tests with flying colors.
When the cute pink sheets were finally handed out and the opening round pairings for the 35th Ryder Cup Matches were released Thursday afternoon, the first two 
PATRICK KLUIVERT struck twice as Newcastle United got Graeme Souness #39;s reign as Newcastle manager off to a stuttering start today.
AFP - The United States and Europe's three main states reached agreement after days of talks on a UN draft resolution on Iran's alleged nuclear weapons program, a US official said.
The Calgary-based energy company said Thursday in filings with Canadian and US regulators that Ottawa intends to sell all of its shares to investors in Canada, the United States and internationally.
Labor leaders at US Airways expect management to soon seek bankruptcy court permission to cut wages for members of some of its five unions.
Reports of the death of the consumer economy appeared unfounded yesterday after official figures revealed a sharp rise in high street spending last month.
Another day, another mismatch: the contest that was meant to bring the Champions Trophy to life proved to be as one-sided as its predecessors.
The United States has reached an agreement with key European allies, as well as Canada and Australia, on a draft resolution on Iran #39;s nuclear program, the State Department has said.
Some 700 US soldiers will be getting orders to ship out to Afghanistan on Friday, amid security concerns in the runup to October elections.
AP - Ivan, Frances and Charley delivered three staggering blows to the Gulf Coast and Florida, as well as Caribbean island nations, all in just five weeks.
AP - President Bush presented Congress on Thursday with legislation to create a strong national intelligence director with authority to control the nonmilitary portions of the nation's intelligence budget.
The plight of the litchi industry shows both the promise and the pitfalls of China's economic growth, from the flood of investment to overproduction and crashing profits.
Moscow has become one of the fastest growing luxury markets in the world, as designer boutiques rush in to meet the demands of the wealthy.
COALITION allies yesterday flatly rejected the assertion by Kofi Annan, the United Nations secretary general, that the war in Iraq was illegal.
Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, yesterday evaded an apparent assassination attempt, when a rocket attack missed his helicopter.
Indonesian police investigating the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta last week have made their first arrests. They have taken into custody a couple suspected of having links to the attack #39;s alleged 
Corus, Britain #39;s biggest steelmaker, yesterday reported its first profits since the merger of British Steel and Dutch rival Hoogovens five years ago.
WASHINGTON - A new form of sign language created by deaf children in Nicaragua may offer clues about how language evolves, researchers say.
Users of Microsoft Windows who have not downloaded the SP2 update are at risk of exposure to hackers when they open jpeg picture files, the BBC said Thursday.
If your idea of a good workout is a vigorous code-debugging session, you probably made plenty of snarky comments during the Summer Olympics last month.
Prime Minister Helen Clark believes the legality of the US-led invasion of Iraq is unclear, a spokesman for her office said on Friday.
Creating a stir on the day before the 35th Ryder Cup, Hal Sutton paired Tiger Woods with Phil Mickelson for Friday's opening four-ball match.
F5 Networks and Radware have come to terms in a patent dispute over "cookie persistence" technology.
Crude oil may fall next week as Gulf of Mexico production rebounds and tanker shipments resume after Hurricane Ivan, according to a Bloomberg News survey of traders and analysts.
Tokyo stocks were mixed early Friday as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Step aside Michael Phelps; geeks with glasses can now sport a gold medal thanks to the annual International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI).
TOP-seeded American Vincent Spadea cruised past compatriot James Blake 6-3 6-1 here to reach the quarter-finals of the Millennium International tournament today.
AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat James Blake 6-3, 6-1 Thursday night to advance to the quarterfinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
Unbidden, Floyd Mayweather Sr. will tell you how good he is as a trainer. It doesn't hurt that he trains Oscar De La Hoya.
Scientists once calculated that a hurricane gives off about 200 times much energy as all the world #39;s electric plants combined.
AP - Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois' 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.
San Diego faces the possibility of a bankruptcy filing because of a shortfall in its pension fund, but the practice is commonplace among other cities.
Clear Channel Communications said it would convert up to 25 of its stations to Spanish-language formats as it pursues advertising dollars aimed at Hispanic listeners.
Hurricane Ivan carved a path of destruction through the Southeast with winds reaching 130 miles an hour.
Researchers examined four mummified animalstwo hawks, a cat, and an ibis to find that ancient Egyptians mummified animals in a similar way to humans.
Cherie Blair yesterday dismissed suggestions that her husband had considered resigning as Prime Minister because of the family pressures he was facing.
After eight months of campaigning centered largely on personality, security issues could become a key factor in Indonesia #39;s presidential election.
BUENOS AIRES, Sep 17 (SW) - The Argentine Football Association (AFA) has revealed their new national team coach to be Jos Pekerman.
Plate umpire Brian O #39;Nora became ill during the game between the Atlanta Braves and New York Mets on Wednesday night, causing a delay of nine minutes.
Rafael Palmeiro homers and Rodrigo Lopez wins his third straight start, lifting the Orioles to a 9-5 victory over the Blue Jays on Thursday.
Physical defense and a defiant attitude has fueled the Mystics' four-game winning streak and rise to playoff contention.
Redskins receivers coach Stan Hixon said Thursday that he is optimistic his son Drew, a receiver at Tennessee Tech who remains in a coma, will recover.
The San Diego Padres quickly found a replacement for injured shortstop Khalil Greene, acquiring Alex Gonzalez from the Montreal Expos on Thursday night for a player to be named or cash.
Hurricane Ivan is threatening to wash out one of the highlights in the biggest weekend of college football so far. Southeastern Conference officials are mulling whether to postpone No.
Hong Kong #39;s Beijing-backed chief executive yesterday ruled out any early moves to pass a controversial national security law which last year sparked a street protest by half a million people.
After 12 years of failure it is time for Taiwan to adopt a new strategy in its quest to gain a seat at the United Nations, Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen () said yesterday.
Sir Philip Watts, in his first public statement since he was ousted as chairman of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group in March, said on Thursday that British financial regulators 
Kyle Lohse pitches seven sharp innings as the Twins beat the White Sox, 10-1, Thursday for their ninth straight victory.
STEEL group Corus unveiled profits for the first time yesterday after soaring prices and a restructuring boosted the former British Steel business.
An inventor from Canada has developed a computer mouse that is controlled by nose and eyelid movements. The invention is dubbed the  quot;Nouse.
JAKARTA - Indonesian police investigating the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta last week have made their first arrests.
Nortel Networks reversed a longstanding position that its revenue growth would exceed the overall market's this year.
Federal prosecutors cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years.
Where would the Yankees be this season without Orlando Hernndez? Second place, of course.
Thursday's bond price rally followed a government report that showed that inflation was well restrained in August.
Hurricane Ivan carved a path of destruction through the Southeast with winds reaching 130 miles an hour.
The Boeing Co. #39;s finance unit yesterday reached an agreement with Hawaiian Airlines Inc. that allows the airline to keep using 14 Boeing planes as it tries to exit bankruptcy.
Ottawa is selling off its \$3.1-billion stake in Petro-Canada, the Calgary-based oil company says. The stock sale would be the biggest in Canadian history.
Anti-virus specialist Symantec (Quote, Chart) late Thursday announced a deal to acquire privately held security consulting firm Stake.
Padres general manager Kevin Towers called Expos general manager Omar Minaya on Thursday afternoon and told him he needed a shortstop because Khalil Greene had broken his 
It might make the racing crowd cringe, but what NASCAR boss Brian France is doing to manufacture excitement at a time of the year when racing usually hits a lull and sports fans 
The Greens are hopeful Kofi Annan #39;s statement that the US-led war on Iraq was illegal will help lead more people around the world to think the same.
Xinhua reports that the 4th plenary session of the Chinese Communist Party #39;s (CCP) 16th Central Committee will be held in Beijing from Sept.
The European Union on Thursday demanded that Washington explain more clearly how it subsidizes the Boeing Co. and warned it would counter any US challenge targeting France 
A Gardena man is among 11 people charged in a federal investigation that led to the seizure of \$87 million in counterfeit computer software, prosecutors announced Thursday.
Britain #39;s retail sales unexpectedly bounced back last month as shoppers apparently shrugged off the Bank of England #39;s five interest rate rises since November.
The FTC weighs the advantages of rewarding people for identifying spammers. It #39;s a more complex calculation than you might think.
Hurricanes Charley, Frances and Ivan have cost NASA a least a weeks worth of work and upset its tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, throwing into doubt the 
Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors avoided significant moves ahead of a long weekend. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
The Federal Trade Commission yesterday gave limited endorsement to offering cash rewards to people who help track down e-mail spammers, suggesting that such bounties might work but in fewer 
The race for the American League East title could either be finished or just getting started after this weekend at Yankee Stadium.
MILWAUKEE - The Milwaukee Brewers may have lost the war - losing three games to the San Francisco Giants - but they won the battle against slugger Barry Bonds.
The Homeland Security Department could access data stored in the electronic container seal, but failure rates must be below 5. By Larry Greenemeier.
Tiger Woods and Colin Montgomerie will meet in the opening four-balls at Oakland Hills.
England will have a semi-final place in their sights when they face Sri Lanka in the Champions Trophy.
DALLAS - This one could make the Hummer look like a girlie car. International Truck and Engine Corp...
AFP - Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev has claimed responsibility for the deadly school hostage taking in southern Russia, according to a letter posted on a rebel website.
AFP - Australian captain Ricky Ponting has left the door open for fast bowler Brett Lee to return to the side for next week's ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
A draft report finds no WMD stockpiles in Iraq but evidence of plans for future programmes, say US officials.
The plight of the litchi industry shows both the promise and the pitfalls of China's remarkable economic growth.
Japan #39;s Cabinet formally approved the signing of a free trade agreement with Mexico, ahead of a meeting between the two nations #39; leaders.
While its neighbors, software infrastructure and hardware upgrades, switched places this month, security held its spot at number three.
Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claims responsibility for the Beslan siege in which more than 320 hostages died.
BRUSSELS, Belgium - The European Union rejected a US demand to ban government loans to aircraftmaker Airbus SAS, intensifying a dispute between the two trading partners.
Rogers Wireless Inc. is in talks with Microcell Telecommunications Inc. about a possible takeover and has asked the competition watchdog to give its advance blessing - just in case.
Even if the contest had been played in a matter befitting two postseason contenders, Jeff Kent would have stood above everybody Thursday night at Busch Stadium.
Washington, DC, remains the No. 1 choice to become the new home for the Montreal Expos, but issues remain, according to two people with knowledge of the relocation process.
Apache Corp., an oil and natural gas producer, increased its shareholder dividend by 33 percent after gains in energy prices and output boosted the company #39;s profits.
The United States and its military allies on Thursday challenged UN Secretary General Kofi Annan #39;s statement that last year #39;s invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that violated 
Indonesian police have detained seven people linked to terrorism since last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta that killed nine people and wounded 182, officers said on Friday.
AP - For a man whose job is on the line and whose team is on the skids, New Orleans Saints coach Jim Haslett was relaxed Monday.
Alitalia's talks with unions look set to continue into the weekend, as management struggle to reach a deal with cabin crew.
Three men have been arrested for trying to kill Afghan President Hamid Karzai by firing a rocket at his helicopter during his first election campaign trip outside the capital, officials said on Friday.
Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi is expected in Mexico City Friday, where he and President Vicente Fox are set to sign a free trade pact.
The Montreal Expos have received legal notice from Major League Baseball that the team will move Nov. 30, TQS television reported yesterday.
The battering that this month's hurricanes have inflicted on NASA centers could strain an already tight schedule for resuming shuttle flights, but it is too early to tell how badly.
The global oil industry has the capacity to meet future demand, BP's chief executive tells newspapers.
US car giant Ford is expected to tell Jaguar workers on Friday that it will close the firm's historic Coventry factory
IBM is the first computer maker to ship PCs with a new chip developed by National Semiconductor that protects desktops against hackers and viruses, both companies said this week.
The last time they saw each other, John Kerry was sitting in the Red Sox owner #39;s box on the eve of the Democratic National Convention and the front 
WASHINGTON Sept. 16, 2004 - Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
HACKERS ARE swapping information online about the latest hole in Windows in the hope of getting a good exploit onto other people #39;s computers before they install SP2.
SafeKeeper Trusted I/O devices have a trusted platform module (TPM), which stores passwords, digital certificates, and encryption keys.
The New England Patriots are so single-minded in pursuing their third Super Bowl triumph in four years that they almost have no room for any other history.
Increasing the tension over government subsidies to Airbus and Boeing, yesterday #39;s latest round of talks between the United States and the European Union ended in deadlock.
Airbus sought to clarify its stance in Microsoft #39;s European antitrust case yesterday, saying it #39;s not taking the software company #39;s side.
Delta Air Lines managers and pilots will meet again today and likely negotiate through the weekend to find a way to keep the airline staffed with pilots as many opt for early retirement.
Japanese consumer electronic giant Sony is hoping to close a deal that will give it control of the famed MGM studio in the United States.
NHL players began scattering across the globe Thursday in search of work on Day 1 of the lockout, with no negotiations scheduled between union and management.
Mark Hughes will pick Graeme Souness brains about his new job as boss of Blackburn - but the Welshman insists he will bring his own brand of management to Ewood Park.
If Monday #39;s game comes down to Lito Sheppard vs. Randy Moss, the Eagles are in trouble. If Monday #39;s game comes down to Sheldon Brown .
French Open champion Anastasia Myskina of Russia must face an early exit in the Wismilak International Tennis Tournament in Bali after losing to Maria Elena Camerin of 
During the past 18 months, Secretary-General Kofi Annan of the United Nations has expressed many reservations about the war in Iraq.
rocket exploded near a helicopter carrying President Hamid Karzai yesterday, forcing him to abandon his trip and raising questions about how difficult it will be for him 
Radical Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev has apparently taken responsibility for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Russia.
Indonesia #39;s news magazine Tempo is one of Indonesia #39;s most respected publications, but, over its 30 year history, it has never been a stranger to controversy.
As Prime Minister Tony Blair and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern go into the second day of peace talks with the political parties, paramilitary weapons were central to chances of success.
AFP - Singapore may post double-digit economic growth this year, above the official forecast of 8.0-9.0 percent, Manpower Minister Ng Eng Hen said.
AP - Linebacker Mike Goolsby knows better than anyone that Notre Dame's defensive line makes it difficult to run.
PC World - Businesses don't have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
AFP - Indonesians cast their ballots Monday in the country's first democratic presidential election in a vote which will cap months of polls and finally consign decades of dictatorship to history.
His face was as hard as flint, which is not easy for someone who looks like Oscar De La Hoya.
Aramis Ramirez tied the club record with 14 total bases. His three homers gave the Cubs a franchise-record 213 this season, topping the 1998 club.
So, Bronson Arroyo , will you pitch Alex Rodriguez any differently tonight in Yankee Stadium than you did the last time you faced him at Fenway Park July 24?
Online gaming and sports content firm UK Betting reduces its first-half losses, helped by cost cuts and big events like Euro 2004. 
Harry Sinden didn't want to say,  quot;I told you so, quot; because he didn't see there was anything to be gained from it.
When the University of New Hampshire published its 2004 media guide, redshirt freshman Ricky Santos wasn't even one of its featured quarterbacks.
When Stonehill hired Chris Woods as its football coach after last season, the hope was he could once again revive a disappointing program.
Consumer prices rose slightly in August, easing fears that inflation, which surged earlier this year, would rapidly pick up steam.
When the Old Colony League was trimmed to just four teams during the offseason, the spotlight was quickly cast on Bridgewater-Raynham's game at Marshfield Oct. 29.
Billerica's furious comeback attempt fell short as Jerry Freed intercepted three passes to lead Marshfield to a 27-15 win last night.
The Easyjet founder teams up with UK download service Wippit to enter the online music market.
Sony warns that it does not expect profits at its home electronics business to recover  in the normally busy Christmas season.
The third outing for the Burnout franchise offers jaw-dropping action that is difficult to fault and perilously addictive.
Last race: Jeremy Mayfield won his first race in more than four years and advanced to the championship chase by taking the Chevrolet 400 at Richmond International Raceway.
Businesses don't have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
Bernard Hopkins is experiencing flashbacks before his undisputed middleweight title showdown with Oscar De La Hoya at the MGM Grand tomorrow night.
Defense ministers from five European states signed here Friday morning a Declaration of intent on set up a European gendarmerie force.
easyJet founder turns to 'easyJet for iPod generation' service
South African unions and government officials meet to try and thrash out a pay deal, as more strikes loom next week.
Johnny Cash's instruments and possessions raise almost \$4m (2.2) after a three-day auction in New York.
Philippine shares finished lower Friday for the fourth straight session, led by losses in blue chip Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
As a boy, Will Wright liked to fiddle with models. The man behind The Sims phenomenon liked to make ships, planes, and most things mechanical.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator on Friday  ordered the Japanese commercial banking unit of Citigroup Inc.  to close four offices for violating banking laws.
Radical Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev purportedly took responsibility Friday for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Russia.
TALKS between the United States and the European Union over subsidies for rival aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing ended last night without agreement.
The death and destruction inflicted by Hurricane Ivan confirms that Southwest Floridians #39; fears of the powerful hurricane were well justified.
These are some of the questions waiting to be answered heading into this weekend #39;s first race of NASCAR #39;s inaugural Chase for the Championship.
Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility on Friday for the Russian school siege in which more than 320 hostages were killed, half of them children, and 
Unions and government officials are meeting in South Africa on Friday in an attempt to thrash out a pay deal to avert a new wave of strikes next week.
US forces launched fresh attacks in and near the restive Iraqi city of Falluja overnight, killing about 60 foreign fighters, the US military said on Friday.
AP - Barry Bonds left Milwaukee without No. 700. Aramis Ramirez left the Cincinnati Reds in awe.
LONDON (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor Co. on Friday is expected to announce its plans for its main Jaguar factory in the UK, which could include closing the factory.
Greg Rusedski brushed aside American Matias Boeker in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the ATP Millennium International tournament in Florida.
Talk about a roller-coaster ride for the 35-year-old racer from Owensboro, Ky., who made the drive of his life last Saturday night at Richmond International Raceway.
A car bomb has exploded near a police station in central Baghdad and a thick column of smoke was seen rising from the east side of the Tigris river, Iraqi police and witnesses say.
A deal to dismantle the IRA and revive Northern Irelands power-sharing administration is taking shape, SDLP leader Mark Durkan claimed today.
As his position with Renault for the final three races of 2004 was announced today, Jacques Villeneuve spoke positively about the future.
Union leaders today arrived at luxury car-maker Jaguar for crucial talks over the future of the Coventry Browns Lane plant. The factory, which opened in 1951 and currently employs 
Reuters - U.S. stocks were set for a steady start\on Friday with a billion dollar share buyback plan at Texas\Instruments  lending some backbone to the technology\sector.
AFP - Australia was investigating whether a foreigner found dead in central Iraq could be one of two Australians allegedly kidnapped in the country earlier this week.
Jaguar's historic Brown's Lane factory in Coventry is to close, Ford has confirmed, with 400 jobs expected to be lost.
BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Always rivals, barely friends, finally partners...
Fans of wireless internet access can now find their nearest wi-fi hotspot using their mobile phone.
Business leaders in the West Midlands are bracing themselves for the potentially disastrous impact of any decision to close the local Jaguar factory.
NeoPharm Inc., a biotechnology company developing cancer treatments, said it regained ownership of two cancer compounds after Pfizer Inc.
An Israeli football team which includes both Arab and Jewish players is to kick off its first big international match on Thursday evening in the UEFA cup.
Microsoft's new internet streaming service attempts to replicate terrestrial stations, without all the annoying chatter -- and without permission. By Randy Dotinga.
AP - President Bush sought support from congressional leaders of both parties Monday for his proposal to overhaul Social Security, which promises to be a hotly contested political issue during his second term.
A watchdog group asks a consumer-protection agency to look into the higher price of songs on Apple's British version of its iTunes service. Wendy M. Grossman reports from London.
SiliconValley.com - A tiny yet important crack has opened, with little notice, in the great Windows monopoly that surrounds personal computing.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race  the last three grands prix of the season for Renault, the  Formula One team said on Friday.
At least 12 people die in an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of Nigeria's biggest city, Lagos.
The Indian cabinet agrees to repeal a controversial anti-terrorism law which it says has been misused.
The solution to one of the thorniest problems in the Middle East may be taking shape on an anonymous-looking building site in south-west Israel.
EDS (Electronic Data Systems) warned yesterday that its third quarter earnings would take a significant hit from US Airways #39; Chapter 11 filing on Sunday.
Eastman Kodak Company and IBM will work together to develop and manufacture image sensors used in such consumer products as digital still cameras and camera phones.
Washington -- The AFL-CIO cranked up its campaign to stop the export of US jobs on Thursday by starting a database designed to track companies that outsource jobs overseas.
Newcastle midfielder Kieron Dyer will be out for several weeks following a hamstring injury sustained in Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup match.
The Cubs third baseman homered, doubled and homered in his first three at-bats against Reds starting pitcher Josh Hancock at Great American Ball Park.
Afghan officials say they have arrested three suspects in connection with a rocket attack on a helicopter carrying President Hamid Karzai.
A government source told Reuters he expected  quot;huge quot; casualties from Friday #39;s explosion, adding police officers were among the dead.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Ford said on Friday its Jaguar Formula  One team would pull out of the sport at the end of the 2004  season.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Sexual harassment complaints by men are becoming more common, according to a published report. Follow the news that matters to you.
SEATTLE - The Alaska Air Group has a marketing agreement with Delta Air Lines that will give passengers a wider choice of destinations.
THE US Federal Trade Commission said that it had released a report which assessed whether offering bounties to turn in spammers would help stem the flood.
Boarding a flight would no longer mean doing away with your communication on your cell phone, with Airbus having developed technology that enables passengers to use their mobiles without interrupting navigational systems.
IBM has extended its range of radio frequency identification (RFID) offerings with a suite of services targeting industrial companies and mid-market businesses.
Tonight #39;s game: In their only outing against Lowry this season, coming after the rookie relieved Schmidt, the Padres amassed nine hits and four runs in three innings.
Williams Cos. Inc. has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on Thursday.
Michael Jackson's maid acted suspiciously during a raid at his ranch, a sheriff's deputy tells a court.
Luxury carmaker Jaguar said Friday it was stopping production at a factory in central England, resulting in a loss of 1,100 jobs, following poor sales in the key US market.
IBM has offered a security chip on some of its ThinkPad laptops, and the company will now be offering a similar technology on select desktop models.
The writer of an online journal describing her life as a London call girl has signed off.
Reuters - Ford Motor Co.  on Friday raised\its third-quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength\in its financial services business and cost improvements in its\car operations.
Reuters - French director Claude Lelouch has decided to show his new film "Les Parisiens" free across France to try to prove\wrong the critics who have panned it.
A judge is ordering Microsoft Corp. to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market.
Nortel Networks Corp. warned Thursday that its full-year growth is expected to trail the industry, rather than lead it as the company had predicted as recently as a month ago.
Organized labor is starting to track companies that ship U.S. jobs overseas and will make the information available to the public in a database.
The fiesty software giant calls its recent slowdown in application sales a one-time fluke. Some say it's symptomatic of bigger problems
CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says getting funding for the nanotechnology Manhattan Project is the right idea. But is anybody listening?
End-to-end systems seen as next evolution in network defense, but incompatible products could hurt customers.
Eleven charged in 'Digital Marauder' case that could hit \$87 million.
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 31&lt;/strong&gt; Breaking news from the proxy server
Ford has raised its third-quarter and 2004 profit forecasts because of strength in its financial services business and cost improvements in its car operations.
EasyJet owners the EasyGroup has entered the digital music business in tandem with UK operator, Wippit. The partners aim to launch the easyMusic.
An optical illusion has caused astronomers to overestimate the size of a class of giant stars by a factor of two, according to new observations.
A Norwegian peace envoy is wrapping up a visit to Sri Lanka, with no sign of any breakthrough in re-starting the country #39;s stalled peace process.
Reuters - Britain is prepared to\send more troops to Iraq if necessary to safeguard elections\planned for next year, Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon said on\Friday.
PC World - Consumer group complains of higher prices in U.K. than elsewhere in Europe.
The Maldives expresses regret over a  European parliament resolution to block a \$2m aid package.
The 35th Ryder Cup starts at 1310 BST on Friday, when the opening fourball match between the USA and Europe is set to tee off at Oakland Hills, Detroit.
Production is to cease at a Midlands factory where some of the world #39;s most iconic cars were made. Mark Tran looks at its history.
Retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday warned that third-quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and 2004 revenue growth at 
Japan has ordered the commercial banking unit of Citigroup to close its Japanese private banking offices, shutting it out of the lucrative business and 
Eleven people from across the US were indicted on Wednesday over alleged software piracy offences following the largest seizure of counterfeit Microsoft software to date.
The AFL-CIO cranked up its campaign to stop the export of US jobs yesterday by launching a new database designed to track companies that outsource jobs overseas.
MARK HUGHES last night revealed he turned down a cushy number with Manchester United because he wanted to be his own man - and his own manager.
A huge car bomb explosion in Rashid Street in central Baghdad resonated throughout the capital on Friday, causing several casualties, Qatar-based al-Jazeera satellite TV reported.
AFP - Italy will stop applying EU sanctions against Libya next week even if the measures are not lifted by the European Union, Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu revealed.
Reuters - India's aviation ministry is fighting a push to allow foreign airlines to buy into domestic carriers, pressing instead for local companies to expand overseas.
PC World - Eleven charged in 'Digital Marauder' case that could hit  #36;87 million.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Jaguar will pull out of Formula One at  the end of 2004, with parent company Ford's engine maker  Cosworth also up for sale.
AP - Federal and state officials plan to announce Friday an agreement to spend  #36;1.3 million over the next five years to save California's state fish.
PENSACOLA, Fla. - Hurricane Ivan was the deadliest hurricane to hit the United States since Floyd in 1999, but it could have been worse...
The European plane maker Airbus says it foresees the use of mobile phones on aircraft by 2006.
A two-year investigation by US law enforcement authorities has resulted in one of the largest seizures of fake software ever in the US and charges against 11 individuals, government officials say.
BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - It appears as though Ron Zook did not have to wait too long to find another job. According to an ESPN.
All the action from Friday's fourballs as the USA and Europe lock horns at Oakland Hills.
A woman is allowed to bring Kenya's first lawsuit for alleged discrimination for being HIV positive.
Canadian bonds rose and the dollar dropped after the government said so-called core inflation unexpectedly fell in August. The figures suggested policy makers may lift their key interest rate less than predicted this year.
CHICAGO United Airlines officials say they need to cut an additional 500 (m) million dollars in costs to help the carrier fly out of bankruptcy.
The federal government closed its window on the oil industry Thursday, saying that it is selling its last 19 per cent stake in Calgary-based Petro-Canada.
AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the email.
Greek entrepreneur Stelios Haji-Iouannou said today he was expanding his Easy business empire with a new online music download service.
Colin Montgomerie drew first blood for holders Europe with a birdie-three at the first hole as the 35th Ryder Cup began at Oakland Hills under cloudy skies on Friday.
President Vladimir Putin says Russia is  quot;seriously preparing to act preventively against terrorists, quot; the Interfax news agency reported.
A series of explosions rocked central Baghdad on Friday afternoon during a day of violence in the capital. The cause or exact location of the blasts was not immediately clear.
News that the assembly of Jaguar cars in Coventry will stop was greeted with dismay locally today. Residents in the village of Allesley, where the Browns Lane factory is based, expressed 
Neither pundits nor the general population in 2003 would ever have predicted just how strong of a year 2004 would be for Apple Computer.
More than 100,000 German filmgoers see a controversial movie about Adolf Hitler on its opening night.
By the families' own count, there are 122 victims of the school siege in Beslan, Russia, not yet identified or found.
Circuit City Stores Inc. reported a smaller quarterly loss Friday as it kept a tight rein on expenses and demand increased for digital televisions, notebook computers and other popular products.
The UK opens a national centre for women scientists, engineers and technologists to combat under-representation in the field.
San Diego State is going to the Big House to convene with a Forbes 500 athletic corporation, the dynamic octopus known as the University of Michigan.
AFP - South African students at a high school in a township outside Durban were treated to a special science lesson delivered by Indian President Abdul Kalam.
Tokyo, Japan (Sports Network) - Japan #39;s baseball players have decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70-year history of the sport in that nation.
Dozens of people were killed in a petroleum pipeline explosion in the commercial capital Lagos early on Thursday morning, Nigerian police said on Friday .
Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in\early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as\doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
Ford raised its earnings guidance for 2004 today in part on the back of continued strong performance by its financial services business.
Will the next person to fill Michael Eisner's shoes ask for glass slipper shoehorns or odor eaters?
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Japanese baseball players decided to go on strike for the first time in the 70 year history of the local game after last minute talks with the representatives 
US consumer sentiment stagnated in early September, according to a survey released Friday, as doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
The Canadian dollar dropped two-thirds of a US cent in early trading Friday after a tame inflation report eased pressure on the Bank of Canada to raise interest rates in coming months.
Jaded souls might say that Sun Microsystems sold the open source community down the river in its landmark settlement with Microsoft in April.
As Indonesia #39;s police investigate the embassy bombing the fear is the attackers will strike again. Mark Coultan and Catharine Munro report from Jakarta.
For some sections of the British press, nothing succeeds like excess - but London #39;s editors are steering well clear of one story, writes Peter Fray in London.
AP - Qualcomm Inc. Friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell-phone chips.
U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in\early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as\doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.
Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson get off to an inglorious start in their better-ball match against Colin Montgomerie and Padraig Harrington.
The Motley Fool's Rick Munarriz takes a look at the business week that approaches.
Iraq #39;s influential Association of Muslim Scholars (AMS) has accused the US army of hampering efforts to secure the release of two abducted French journalists.
The mantra in the days leading up to this morning #39;s start of the 35th Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills has been pride, heart, patriotism.
PC World - Wega TVs, Vaio systems, DVD recorders and camcorder highlight HD product lineup.
John Kerry today accused the Bush administration of turning a blind eye to waste by Halliburton, and proposed reforming the contracting system.
AP - Mutual funds are moving to comply with a new rule that requires them to have independent chairmen starting in 2006, despite a growing challenge to the rule.
Are you convinced that Windows environments are less expensive to own and operate than Linux computers? Martin Taylor, the manager behind Microsofts anti-Linux strategy, believes the companys Get The 
THE biannual Ryder Cup golf competition in Bulgaria finished with a narrow victory for the US team, which took a lead of three points to beat the European Union team.
The group, which is pushing for adoption of a universal e-business language, wants to make its standards easier and cheaper to use.
New version of hit game gives characters a purpose in life and a chance to pass on their DNA.
Co-location and dedicated server provider OSI Hosting.net has acquired 1,000 Xserves from Apple Computer Inc. as part of an expansion into seven new facilities.
 America Online Inc. has decided not to fully support Microsoft's Sender ID spam-fighting plan citing intellectual property concerns from the Internet Engineering Task Force and the open-source community.
Symantec plans to integrate Stake's services and applications into its global professional services offerings, but offered no details on the acquisition.
The latest Linux Standard Base specifications are now out, allowing open-source vendors and developers to maintain easy portability and compatibility among applications for Linux.
Wega TVs, Vaio systems, DVD recorders and camcorder highlight HD product lineup.
Airbus questions EU's ruling against Microsoft, which could affect other industries.
Lax enforcement of intellectual property laws hurts business and investment, group charges.
Qualcomm Inc. Friday raised its earnings and revenue forecasts for the current quarter, based on higher shipments of its cell-phone chips.
Circuit City Stores Inc. (CC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss as it kept a tight rein on expenses and sales of digital 
A Paris appeals court on Friday rejected a request by former Vivendi Universal chief Jean-Marie Messier to lower his bail in a case of suspected financial wrongdoing.
After a year in development Mozilla Firefox has finally reached version 1.0, and this Preview Release has recently been made available.
THE battle against spam took a turn for the worse yesterday when America Online pulled back support for an industry-wide email authentication system aimed at reducing junk email.
The award for fees and costs comes in a case in which Microsoft agreed to allocate \$1.1 billion for California consumers. By Associated Press.
The Federal Trade Commission and other law enforcers face three hurdles in having a reward system for anti-spam investigations, according to a new FTC report.
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - Ajax defender Hatem Trabelsi finally ended his holdout by signing a new two-year contract on Friday.
The conspiracy theorists are already concocting potential plots. They speculate whether an out-of-contention driver would sabotage someone in the top 10, how teamwork might make an 
Make sure that you think things through before you decide to borrow against your plan.
LONDON : Formula One was thrown into turmoil after US auto giant Ford announced that it was pulling out of the sport from the end of this season.
Stephan Eberharter announced his retirement on Friday after a decade and a half as a leading light of the Austrian Alpine skiing team.
Dozens of oil scoopers had died in an oil pipeline explosion on the outskirts of Lagos, Nigeria #39;s largest city, police and witnesses said on Friday.
Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday. 
Shares in discount retailer Big Food Group rise more than 11 as the owner of the Iceland frozen food chain reveals it is in bid talks.
A bullish profit outlook from Ford Motor Co. sent stocks higher Friday as investors looked past a disappointing report on consumer sentiment and new accounting problems at Qualcomm Inc.
Petter Solberg turned up the heat on world championship rival Sebastien Loeb with a blistering display on stage six to close in on the Wales Rally GB leader.
Improved profit guidance from Ford energized stock markets this morning despite a consumer confidence reading that unexpectedly slipped.
Sept. 17, 2004 - Some parts of language arise from the innate way humans process language, according to a new study of deaf children in Nicaragua.
Its amazing to see what an entrenched monopolist will do when it finally meets real competition. For years, Microsoft saw no threat to its Windows Media Player from such 
A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school and fellow students, police said Friday.
England and Sri Lanka were evenly poised when rain brought a premature end to their crucial Champions Trophy encounter at the Rose Bowl.
_ The LSU-Auburn football game will be played as scheduled tomorrow afternoon in Alabama. Auburn officials made the announcement this morning.
Michael Jackson is in court in California to hear testimony from the mother of the boy accusing him of sexual abuse.
Broadband has out-stripped unmetered connections in the UK for the first time, official figures show.
U.S. and European negotiators agreed on a draft resolution meant to deprive Iran of technology used to make nuclear weapons.
Heavy rain and wind from what was once Hurricane Ivan assaulted the southern Appalachian region Friday, washing away homes and killing at least three people.
AP - The Utah Jazz's exhibition game in Russia next month was canceled by the NBA on Friday because of security concerns.
More people are being caught up in a growing number of natural disasters, the UN's International Strategy for Disaster Reduction says.
US consumers are still worried about their jobs and income, the University of Michigan's index of consumer confidence indicates.
Carnival Corp., the world #39;s biggest cruise group, said Friday its quarterly earnings rose sharply, citing the merger with P amp;O Princess Cruises last year.
Emerson Electric Co., a maker of electrical energy regulation products, said Friday that chief executive David N. Farr will succeed chairman Charles F. Knight, who is retiring.
We first reported on the speculation about this a couple of weeks ago, now everyone is aflutter of the news that Sony is supposedly (big emphasis on the supposedly, ok?
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Prime Minister Paul Martin said Friday he believes the National Hockey League and its players will eventually overcome their acrimonious labour impasse.
The NBA #39;s Utah Jazz have canceled their trip to Moscow to play Russian champions CSKA, citing security concerns, the army club said Friday.
The terrorists, whose unspeakably malevolent takeover of a Russian schoolhouse resulted in the deaths of 330 children, teachers and parents, have succeeded in at least one respect.
The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British engineer who was kidnapped by gunmen from his house in Baghdad this week, has issued a desperate plea for his safe return.
AP - Jets defensive tackle Josh Evans is out for Sunday's game against the San Diego Chargers with a back injury.
AP - Florian Mayer beat defending champion David Ferrer 6-4, 6-2 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Romania Open.
Check on the valuation of a badly wounded stock, based on latest earnings.
A bankruptcy court judge on Friday granted United Airlines (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) another 30-day extension to file its reorganization plan.
a little -- while would-be rival Mozilla gains. A new report says the number of Web visitors using IE dropped from 
Deaf children thrown together in a school in Nicaragua without any type of formal instruction invented their own sign language -- a sophisticated 
A 17-year-old was arrested after authorities received a tip that he was making threats in an online chat room about his high school, fellow students and an 
London, England (Sports Network) - Jaguar Racing made the announcement on Friday that it would no longer be competing in the series at the end of the 2004 season.
Just as Ali overshadowed two greats in Joe Frazier and George Foreman, Mike Tyson did the same to Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis.
Police in Nigeria say dozens of people were killed in an explosion at an oil pipeline on the outskirts of the commercial capital, Lagos.
AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him.
Japanese regulators shut four branches of Citigroup's private banking operations for breaking the law. 
Iraqi Airways is reportedly planning to restart international flights after a 14-year break on Saturday.
The arts and crafts retailer doesn't need to bend over backward to impress investors.
Workers, local people, councillors and MPs today expressed their disappointment that hundreds of jobs are to go at Jaguars Browns Lane in Coventry.
Alpharma Inc. said Friday that a federal court dropped an order preventing the generic drug maker from launching its version of Pfizer Inc.
It wasn #39;t long ago that competitive entities seemed to be joining together to combat Internet users #39; common foe, spam. However, despite the fact that big Internet players 
French networking gear maker offers \$250 million for Spatial Wireless and \$27 million for eDial.\
US consumer confidence unexpectedly fell for a second month in September, tempered by slack job growth and near-record gasoline prices.
Japan on Friday ordered Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) to close its Japanese private banking offices after uncovering a series of 
Indonesian police hunting those responsible for last week #39;s deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta said yesterday they had detained six people who might be linked to militants behind the attack.
Five European Union countries have signed an agreement creating an EU paramilitary force to assist in international peacekeeping missions.
AP - Alabama State postponed Saturday's game with Arkansas-Pine Bluff because of power outages at the stadium due to Hurricane Ivan.
The Serbian PM insists his country's courts should try war crimes suspects wanted by the tribunal in The Hague.
wait for it -- is a landlubber. Thursday, services firm EDS (NYSE: EDS) said the bankruptcy filing by US Airways could cut 
Charter Communications (CHTR:Nasdaq - news - research) lost its second top executive in a month Friday with the resignation of operating chief Maggie Bellville.
Two Canadian companies will help build a key component of the nest telescope of US National Aeronautic and Space Administration (NASA), Canadian Space Agency said in a press release Friday.
AP - Panthers running back Stephen Davis will miss Sunday's game at Kansas City because of swelling in his knee that could sideline him two to five weeks.
AFP - Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
Reuters - The United States accused the U.N.\agriculture body Friday of mismanaging the locust crisis\afflicting vast swathes of West Africa.
 LAGOS (Reuters) - Dozens of people were killed in a  petroleum pipeline explosion in Nigeria's commercial capital  Lagos, police said Friday.
The company raised its third-quarter earnings guidance today and unveiled a restructuring plan for its Jaguar division.
Episode two of The Apprentice heats up with a cool treat and a surprise ego boot.
The ability to predict the future is getting tougher, even for a market leader like Qualcomm.
Progress Software produces results in a tough market, but investors really don't care.
Networking gear maker Alcatel on Friday announced acquisition plans for a pair of US companies to help it gain access to wireless and collaboration technologies.
A federal grand jury has indicted 11 people for conspiring to distribute nearly \$31 million worth of bootlegged software programs.
His superstar pairing of Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods 2-down through six holes Friday morning, US captain Hal Sutton hardly seemed like the picture of concern.
Motorsport.com. Ford has announced that Jaguar will be withdrawn from Formula One at the end of the 2004 season and the F1 business will be put up for sale.
With the top seeds tumbling, Marat Safin and Paradorn Srichaphan both advanced into the semi-finals of the inaugural China Open on Friday with solid wins.
British Prime Tony Blair arrived today for critical Northern Ireland peace talks and declared:  quot;This really is the moment of decision for us.
The newly inaugurated Somali parliament is due to elect the speaker of the transitional assembly later on Wednesday. Twelve members of parliament have expressed interest in the position.
Aircraft giant may argue against European antitrust regulators' order to make Microsoft give secrets to rivals.
Database giant expected to launch content management competitor to products from IBM and Microsoft this year.
People can get a 100 percent cash rebate on certain Linksys gear when they trade up to higher-end Cisco products.
DALLAS TXU Energy has agreed to pay a 530-thousand dollar fine over misleading advertisements about its electric rates. The proposed settlement is with the Public Utility Commission in Austin.
AOL will continue to include Sender ID data in outgoing mail to enable ISPs and others that use it to identify where messages originate.
ATI today said that it will develop a new approach to use system memory rather than more dedicated memory on its graphics card. HyperMemory will use PCI Express 
Officials at both schools decided Friday morning to go ahead with their home football games. They had considered postponing the games because of the damage left behind by Hurricane Ivan.
Italian Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisanu says Italy is ready to lift EU sanctions on Libya unilaterally if the whole EU fails to do so next week.
AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
For Europe, it was a glorious start to the 35th Ryder Cup. For the United States, it was a nightmare.
Retailer expects September same-store sales to be on track despite devastation of the hurricane. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
NewsFactor - Canada's ATI Technologies (Nasdaq: ATYT) has announced a memory technology that cuts PC system costs by using system memory for graphics processing.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - The NBA has decided to postpone the pre-season game the Utah Jazz were scheduled to play in Russia because of security concerns.
Following consultation with state government, emergency management officials, and Southeastern Conference representatives, Auburn University announced at 9:30 am Friday that the Sept.
AP - Athletes were tested for human growth hormone for the first time during the Athens Olympics, World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound said Friday.
AFP - Writer Kitty Kelley has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and the US media over the new biography on the family of President George W. Bush
Sometimes you should say "no" when your lender gives you more room to spend.
President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of indulging terrorists, just hours after a Chechen warlord claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly attacks in Russia and threatened more.
The United States accused the UN agriculture body on Friday of mismanaging the locust crisis afflicting vast swathes of West Africa.
Mozilla is starting to pose a threat to Microsofts Internet Explorer after years of being the darling of a strange mix of AOL enthusiasts and techies.
UNI Southampton Sept 17: Rain interrupted a gripping contest between England and Sri Lanka in the Group D league match at the ICC Champions Trophy at the Rose Bowl here today.
Just days after yet another terrorist blast shook their confidence, Indonesians are looking forward to some good news Monday: Citizens in the world #39;s largest Muslim 
Talks between the Sudan government and Darfur rebels are ending with no deal on halting the fighting.
Plus, Qualcomm's hazy visibility, EDS is grounded, and no telling with Nortel.
A man charged in one of the largest identity theft scams in US history pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, wire fraud, and fraud in connection with identity documents this week.
Despite a strong profit outlook from Ford Motor Co., shares of automotive stocks moved mostly lower Friday on concerns sales for the industry might not be as strong as previously expected.
More than 3,800 disabled athletes gathered Friday for the opening ceremony of the largest Paralympics in the games #39; 44-year history.
Auburn athletic director David Housel stuck to his plan of waiting until Friday morning to assess the viability of holding the game between the 15th-ranked Tigers and No.
Europe and the US agreed to moves to curb Irans nuclear ambitions tonight, but divisions emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text.
Know whether your copy of Windows is licensed? The software maker might ask you this next time you visit its download site.
A man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems has been arrested in the U.K.
Software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.\
As part of its efforts to combat software piracy, Microsoft Corp. is testing a new feature on its Download Center Web site that can lock out pirated copies of Windows.
French telecommunications equipment vendor Alcatel on Friday snapped up two US technology firms in acquisitions that will add wireless switching and IP conferencing technology to its portfolio.
BMC Software is expected to announce upgrades to two of its systems management products on Monday.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Officials at Computer Associates International Inc. are trying to upgrade their image in the storage market with a bundled solution that contains many applications that were previously available individually 
on Friday sought a recall of many U-shaped locks after word spread that an ordinary pen could pick what had been thought to be some of the toughest locks.
As cell phones continue to expand their horizons, a new generation, due in 2005, is slated to compete with digital music players such as the Apple iPod.
England will return to the Rose Bowl this morning hoping to find Hampshire #39;s delightful new ground bathed in sunshine, or in the middle of a deluge.
Where freedom was promised, chaos and carnage now reign. A suicide bomber in a car blows himself up in the heart of Baghdad killing 13 people.
AFP - A German teenager accused of creating the Sasser worm that infected millions of computers around the world is being taught to become a security software programmer, the company that hired him said.
AP - Philadelphia Phillies closer Billy Wagner was suspended for two games Friday by major league baseball and fined an undisclosed amount after he was ejected against the New York Mets last weekend.
US authorities begin relief operations as south-eastern states continue to assess Hurricane Ivan's impact.
Within a decade computer models may be able to forecast some types of earthquakes with accuracy similar to that of current forecasts for hurricanes, scientists say.
For the past 30 years scientists have scoured the most inhospitable environments or life. Just about everywhere they look, they find it thriving in microscopic form.
In this week's TravelWatch column: A small experiment in Armenia shows how easy it is to turn an urban dead zone into an appealing, living place.
The Web conferencing leader will release a product for sales calls that watches clients to see whether they pay attention.
AN FRANCISCO - WebEx Communications Inc. is expanding its Web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on Monday.
On Wednesday afternoon, Sept. 15, state District Judge John Dietz concluded a five-and-half-week trial by ruling unconstitutional the Texas system of public school finance.
National Semiconductor (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off a pair of I/O devices it said could help protect a computer from hackers and viruses.
PC WELT in Germany said it has discovered a major bug in Windows XP Service Pack 2 which will crack open your PC like a song thrush breaks a snail shell.
E-business standards consortium RosettaNet spread its wings over Singapore with the opening of its Architecture Center of Excellence, the group said Friday.
The head of Germany #39;s opposition conservatives has urged politically like-minded European Union leaders to deny Turkey full membership of the bloc.
US mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Friday it began payments to former Chief Executive Leland Brendsel after a court ruled regulators could not freeze his compensation pending investigation into an accounting 
IBM has signed on five corporate customers and the Environmental Protection Agency to its ongoing grid-computing initiative, Big Blue said Friday.
Q: I am not computer intelligent, so I use a tech support company for help. I have read in the paper about Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Windows XP.
A 15 man-squad from Zimbabwe led by cricket #39;s youngest ever captain Tatenda Taibu arrived in Pakistan yesterday for a tri-series starting later this month.
Cisco Systems #39; \$2 billion push into the SMB space is forcing it to re-evaluate the role it has assigned its upstart Linksys division.
A better-than-expected profit outlook from Ford juiced up trading on Wall Street, with gains capped by a lackluster reading on consumer sentiment and a fresh rise in oil prices.
Cypress Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners have agreed to pay \$1.17 billion to acquire Cooper-Standard Automotive by the end of the year.
England #39;s weather-delayed game against Sri Lanka, the winners of which face tournament favourites Australia in the first semi-final on Tuesday, has created a conflict of interests.
After 12 years as the golden boy of American boxing, Oscar De La Hoya suddenly looks like a man who is haunted by the possibility of a career-ending defeat against Bernard Hopkins tonight.
BEIJING - Foreign diplomats who visited the site of a mysterious explosion in North Korea said yesterday it was a hydroelectric project under heavy construction.
AP - A prisoner accused of transporting supplies for Taliban fighters went before a U.S. military review panel Friday, while another boycotted the proceedings.
A 17-year-old boy was arrested and police found weapons, ammunition and bomb-making paraphernalia in his home after a tip that he was making threats online against his high 
The opening match of the 35th Ryder Cup featured four of the best golfers in the world, one of whom may yet be remembered as the greatest player of all.
The team, owned and run by Ford, have struggled since emerging from the Stewart outfit in 1999 with a high-budget, high-profile entry into F1.
Mark Hughes takes charge of Blackburn for the first time and will hope that mediocre travellers Portsmouth will provide an instant success for his nineteenth placed side.
Auburn #39;s offensive line coach Hugh Nall jokes that the Tigers have a new name for their new offense: the West Coast redneck offense.
BAGHDAD, 18 September 2004 - US warplanes bombed the central Iraqi city of Fallujah yesterday, killing 44 people, many of them women and children.
AP - Midway through Friday's Ryder Cup matches at Oakland Hills, English golf fan Sean Warden began to wonder: Was it tee time, or tea time?
The authorities in Singapore voice concern about a tropical disease that has killed 23 people this year.
\Japan's professional baseball players are set to strike for the first time since the game was introduced 70 years ago.
A RAMPAGING Europe led by Colin Montgomerie put the United States on the rack when they rushed into a opening day lead of five points at the Ryder Cup today.
Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco, who was arrested Monday on a battery charge for throwing a chair at Oakland Athletics fans, was suspended for the rest of the season by Major League Baseball.
MOSCOW : Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
Taiwanese chipmaker dangles open-source software lure to attract programmer interest.
Oracle later this year plans a major entrance to the content management space with a new product tied to its Collaboration Suite  offering.
The International Monetary Fund #39;s shareholder governments told Argentina in a meeting on Friday to live up to its promises in a \$13 billion loan program to tackle 
British authorities have arrested a man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems in May, a spokeswoman for Scotland Yard confirmed Friday.
The announcement of the National Hockey League player lockout was treated as headline news in Canada, running as the top story throughout the Canadian media.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber bearing down on police in a Baghdad neighborhood killed eight people Friday, capping a bloody day across Iraq that left at least 52 dead.
AP - Ralph Nader is back on Florida's ballot  #151; probably for good this time.
A top Iranian official tells the BBC Tehran is prepared to give more assurances over its nuclear enrichment plans.
CARNIVAL, the worlds largest cruise line, yesterday posted record quarterly profits and said the performance underlined the success of its merger with P amp;O Princess last year.
Most of the open-source community is finding that it can #39;t deal with Microsoft #39;s stance on spam-protection intellectual property.
US troops took dead aim at an al Qaeda members in Iraq, launching attacks on the city of Fallujah -- while the capital coped with two more car bomb attacks.
AP - The government on Friday identified the British engineer who was kidnapped in Baghdad with two American colleagues, and the victim's family urged his captors to free him.
AP - Dean Wilson shot a 5-under 65 on Friday and led first-round leader Ted Purdy by a stroke halfway through the Texas Open.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Ralph Nader is back on Florida's ballot - probably for good this time...
com. What more could the young left-hander do? He had just found out that his 2004 season might be over because of a left hamstring strain.
Israeli troops patrolling the West Bank city of Nablus shot and killed a 19-year-old Palestinian woman Friday, witnesses and hospital officials said.
Two of Colombia #39;s most powerful drug lords were trapped in prison cells yesterday as the state seized their fortune estimated at more than 120 million.
Microsoft and a group of recording labels are in discussion about how the next generation of the Windows Operating System, codenamed Longhorn, will support Copy Protected CDs.
With a long Olympic campaign behind them, 21 Olympic champions and another 52 silver and bronze medallists have converged on the Riviera to wind down their 
Rain wiped out qualifying Friday for NASCAR #39;s Sylvania 300, leaving points leader Jeff Gordon on the pole for Sunday #39;s race.
Description: We consider a new language invented by deaf children in Nicaragua, and how scientists are able to see the language evolving.
Four western countries set the scene yesterday for a showdown with Iran by demanding that it freeze its uranium enrichment activities immediately.
AUSTIN Farmers Insurance today announced plans to cut its Texas homeowners insurance rates by five percent in a settlement with the state.
AP - Prosecutors have charged 11 people in California, Texas and Washington state with conspiring to distribute more than  #36;30 million of counterfeit computer software and products.
AP - A university study has found Taiwan and Singapore now lead the United States and Canada in providing government services online.
AP - An Indian rhino was born at the Buffalo Zoo this week, one of less than a dozen births in North America in the last decade, zoo officials said.
In raising its reserve estimates, Yukos reiterated that it was operating on a "day to day basis and was still close to filing for bankruptcy."
The 10-race playoff for NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship starts with rain washing out qualifying Friday at New Hampshire International Speedway.
D.C. United's Dema Kovalenko and Dallas's Ronnie O'Brien are still at odds over a scuffle near the start of their game last week.
Maryland's seniors need to provide steadfast leadership to the underclassmen as the Terrapins enter a hostile environment at Mountaineer Field.
Less than a month after the death of Northeast football player Jamahl Jones, prosecutors dropped charges against the four suspects, citing insufficient evidence after a preliminary autopsy.
The U.S. failed to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency that it should refer Iran's suspect nuclear program to the Security Council.
San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - Dean Wilson shot a five-under 65 on Friday to move into the lead at the halfway point of the Texas Open.
he National Basketball Association announced yesterday that it had canceled an Oct. 8 exhibition game in Russia featuring the Utah Jazz against the Moscow club CSKA because the recent terrorist 
Sergio Garcia and Luke Donald were having way too much fun during their 2-and-1 foursome victory over Americans Kenny Perry and Stewart Cink on Friday.
Europe and the US have agreed to moves to curb Iran #39;s nuclear ambitions, but divisions emerged with so-called non-aligned nations objecting to parts of the text.
Visitors with a pirated copy of Windows may lose easy access to company's Download Center.
The Russian oil giant Yukos substantially increased the reserve estimates Friday for its biggest subsidiary, one currently being appraised for sale by the government.
Andrew Osantowski is a quiet, introverted high school senior who prefers nights at home with his family to hanging with friends.
Some tough playing conditions cooled off Ted Purdy on Friday. A day after matching the course record with a 61, Purdy struggled through the stifling heat 
Trend Micro Mobile Security is designed to protect data-centric mobile devices such as smartphones against viruses and short message service (SMS) spam.
AP - President Bush sought backing from female voters Friday, asking them to look beyond rising violence in Iraq to a day when a democratically elected leader will lead the nation.
Perhaps there will be a moment during Sunday's game between the Giants and the Redskins when a coach and his former franchise quarterback will do a double take.
Phil Mickelson didn't look comfortable with his partner, his golf clubs or his opponents on the opening day of the Ryder Cup.
Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems, Inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers 
What started with the debut of a  quot;dream team quot; turned into a nightmare of a Friday for the United States at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches.
AP - In every other city, Barry Bonds is greeted with boos and cheers, a mixture of respect, fear and derision for the best slugger of his generation.
The Ford Motor Company raised its third-quarter earnings forecast and announced a restructuring plan for its struggling Jaguar division.
The killings of Iraqis who work on U.S. military bases send a chilling message not to cooperate with the Americans.
AP - LPGA Tour rookie Brandi Jackson shot a 6-under 66 on Friday and held a one-stroke lead in the rain-delayed opening round of the Safeway Classic.
A growing number of economists argue that the U.S. is caught in a gradual deterioration brought on by the yawning deficit in trade and other international transactions.
Senator John Kerry faces substantial obstacles in his bid to unseat President Bush, with voters saying he has not laid out a case for why he wants to be president.
Although downgraded to a tropical storm, Ivan is still churning a deadly path north leaving a death toll of 75, including 38 in the United States.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday in\subdued trading, extending Friday's rally as dealers\anticipated slower official rate hikes in 2005 following slack
The Bush administration failed on Friday to persuade them to increase diplomatic pressure on Iran, settling instead for another request that Tehran voluntarily drop its nuclear program.
Bob Ellis was picking up plywood and two-by-fours on his second trip of the day for supplies to deal with the wreckage from Hurricane Frances, the second of three 
Mortgage fraud has the potential to become a "national epidemic" that could expose lenders to hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, an FBI official said.
A capsule look at the first day of Ryder Cup matches Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club: Padraig Harrington and Colin Montgomerie, Europe, def.
LONDON: Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will race the last three Grands Prix of the season for Renault, the Formula One team said yesterday.
Australia #39;s John Senden was tied for third as American Dean Wilson seized the halfway lead in the Texas Open in San Antonio this morning.
The Bush administration failed on Friday to persuade its closest allies and other members of the International Atomic Energy Agency to increase diplomatic pressure on Iran 
NOORDWIJK, Netherlands -- Five European Union defense ministers signed an agreement Friday to set up a law enforcement group to provide support for international peacekeeping missions.
Financing for nearly 100 regional planes was key component to restructuring plans.
The Redskins, facing their first critical test against a division rival, know they must do well in the NFC East to make the playoffs.
US Airways plans to ask a federal bankruptcy judge to impose temporary pay cuts on its workers unless it can reach agreement with its unions before then.
Browns RB Lee Suggs practiced Friday but is still questionable for Sunday's game at Dallas.
Scottish Premier League leaders Rangers have nine players out of action for Sunday #39;s clash against Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Pittodrie.
Wall Street stocks managed to gain Friday as investors looked past a sharp rise in oil prices and cheered the strength of Ford Motor Co.
former executive at Qwest Communications International, who was scheduled to go on trial next month on charges related to accounting irregularities, will plead guilty, his lawyer said yesterday.
Diplomats who visited what North Korea claimed was the site of a huge explosion found no sign it was nuclear, a Swedish ambassador said, while South Korea said a mushroom-shaped cloud in the 
AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
Northern Ireland's politicians attend a third day of talks aimed at restoring devolved government.
The Moab Music Festival takes the outdoor concert to the extreme by ferrying musicians, guests and instruments into a red-rock grotto.
E. Neville Isdell, Coca-Cola Co. #39;s new chairman and chief executive officer, could receive an annual compensation package worth \$15 million.
A 17-year-old was arraigned Friday after authorities received a tip from a Washington State University police officer that he was making threats in an online 
Qualcomm plans to study whether to change its accounting practices to reflect the growing size and volatility of the mobile communications market.
I.B.M. said that it was in talks to settle a lawsuit contending that a pension plan adopted by the company discriminated against 140,000 older workers.
AP - Oregon lost its season opener and dropped out of the Top 25 thanks mostly to its own mistakes.
Barry Bonds hit his 700th home run Friday night, toppling another milestone and edging closer to Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron.
Fifth-seeded Marat Safin of Russia easily beat American Kevin Kim 6-2, 6-4 on Friday to move into the semi-finals of the China Open.
Olympic hero Kelly Holmes is contemplating tackling another historic double in the two-day IAAF World Athletics final which begins in Monaco today.
Mexico and Japan signed an Economic Association Agreement (EAA) here on Friday aimed at promoting the gradual liberalization of trade between two countries.
South Korean and Japanese makers of liquid-crystal displays have slowed the opening of new factories because of overcapacity, according Corning Inc.
AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the e-mail.
Police arrested a 17-year-old in Clinton Township Thursday after receiving news that the boy was planning an attack on his own school.
The Chase for the Championship begins Sunday exactly where it left off a week ago at Richmond International Speedway. After rain interrupted and washed out NASCAR Nextel Cup 
Barry Bonds became only the third player in Major League Baseball history to tally 700 career home runs, a milestone no one had reached in more than three decades.
Lithuania on Tuesday refused a Russian request to shut down a pro-Chechen Web site that published a \$20 million reward for assistance in the capture 
HAMISH ROBERTSON: Staying with computers, that world was opened up to many people, especially those with disabilities, by the invention of voice recognition technology.
POLLS out today giving the coalition a lead over the Labor Party proved how close the contest would be, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Loudon, NH -- As the rain began falling late Friday afternoon at New Hampshire International Speedway, the rich in the Nextel Cup garage got richer.
Canada cut the premium it plans to charge workers and companies for unemployment insurance in 2005 by 7 cents, the smallest reduction since the government started lowering the rates a decade ago.
The former president hosts an international conference in Prague on promoting democracy in Cuba.
Quieting skeptics, Richard Parsons, CEO of Time Warner, has taken a company that was in complete disarray and turned it into a functional enterprise.
Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.
NEW YORK - Consumers #39; assessment of the economy held largely steady this month, according to a university research report released Friday.
AOL is the latest and largest company to back away from Microsoft #39;s Sender ID software, designed to cut spam by identifying the source of the e-mail.
The astronauts aboard the international space station repaired their crippled oxygen generator Friday after replacing an internal electronics component.
Greg Dobbs hit a bases-clearing double in the seventh inning last night, leading the Mariners to a 6-3 victory over Oakland at Safeco Field.
The hostage drama in North Ossetia, which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of schoolchildren, parents and teachers, has revealed the enormous gulf between the interests of the Russian 
THE Police confirmed yesterday that between 30 and 50 people were killed in Thursdays pipeline explosion at Imore village in Lagos.
Japanese financial authorities announced yesterday that they are punishing Citibank by suspending private banking operations for a year at four of its branches after finding problems with their operations.
Denver messenger Sam Turner darts in and out of offices around town, never leaving his bicycle unattended for more than a couple of minutes.
A leading Hong Kong anti-establishment activist who won a seat in the Chinese territory #39;s legislature has been invited to a reception celebration China #39;s National Day.
Barry Bonds becomes only the third baseball player to hit 700 home runs.
 NEW YORK (Billboard) - The next wave of iPod competitors is  coming.
the division that caters to the ultra-rich -fter regulators discovered  quot;serious violations of laws and regulations 
US captain Hal Sutton has dumped Masters champ Phil Mickelson for the morning fourball matches on day two of the battle for golf #39;s Ryder Cup against the Europeans.
Reuters - The next wave of iPod competitors is\coming.
Consumers feel passwords no longer enough protection for online transactions.
Away from the ocean, in the Florida Panhandle's interior, the imprint of Hurricane Ivan not only was visible on Friday but also hung pungently in the air.
The US is to send up to 1,100 extra troops to Afghanistan to provide security for next month's elections.
A Covington orthodontist was charged yesterday with communicating with a minor for immoral purposes and possession of child pornography.
Almost two weeks of troubleshooting is paying off for the two Expedition 9 crewmembers. Today they restarted the International Space Station #39;s primary oxygen generating unit.
If men are from Mars and women are from Venus, where does that leave NHL officials and members of the NHL Players #39; Association?
Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
The National Basketball Association announced Friday an exhibition game scheduled to be played in Moscow would not be played due to safety concerns.
Imposing sanctions on the government of Sudan in a bid to resolve the crisis in the Darfur region of the country could prove counter productive, a Foreign Office minister warned today.
Canton lockmaker Kryptonite yesterday disclosed a broad upgrade program for its well-known bike locks after many cyclists complained the products can be picked open with ballpoint pens.
Detroit: The Ford Motor Company has surprised analysts by offering a brighter outlook for the third quarter and 2004 earnings, even as it announced it was swinging the axe at its luxury Jaguar division.
CJ Leak left spring practice as Tennessee #39;s No. 1 quarterback, and a showdown with younger brother Chris appeared to be in the making when the Volunteers played Florida.
In an Internet posting, a Chechen warlord with a \$10 million bounty on his head has apparently claimed responsibility for the Beslan school siege 
SEOUL, South Korea - Was that a mushroom cloud that the satellite saw hovering menacingly over North Korea or merely a patch of bad weather?
Cricket authorities say there must be TV pictures for next month's India-Australia Test series to go ahead.
The personal history of Guo Guoting is of the hard-knock variety commonplace in China, where one old rule endures: you can't fight City Hall.
TechWeb - An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India.
TechWeb - Passwords, the dominant form of securing enterprise assets, are a failure, a research firm says.
TechWeb - Apple Computer Inc. released a security patch for its Mac OS X iChat instant messaging client.
IBMhas successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
No romantic comedies on the big screen in the visitors clubhouse at 161st Street last night as the Red Sox prepared to renew their epic struggle for supremacy against the Yankees.
The Patriots practiced for 90 minutes early yesterday afternoon before temperatures soared past 100 degrees in the greater Phoenix area.
Iraqi police say at least 10 people are killed in a suicide attack on national guard recruits in Kirkuk.
UConn senior quarterback Dan Orlovsky has admitted that he probably would have gone to Boston College if offered a scholarship. But 
The New York Liberty made sure it wrapped up a playoff spot sooner than later. New York beat the Connecticut Sun 69-66 last night behind Crystal Robinson #39;s season 
A deadly suicide bombing in Jakarta has pushed terror onto Indonesia #39;s election agenda, with both candidates in next week #39;s polls explaining how they would prevent further terror attacks.
Business leaders believe the city of Coventry will bounce back despite the disappointment of todays decision by Jaguar to cut hundreds of jobs at its historic Browns Lane plant.
It was an inauspicious start to the 10-race playoff for NASCAR #39;s Nextel Cup championship, with rain washing out qualifying yesterday at New Hampshire International Speedway.
com. Rockies lefty Joe Kennedy will make his second start against the Los Angeles Dodgers this season on Saturday at Coors Field in Game 2 of a three-game set.
Investors looked past a spike in oil prices yesterday, sending stocks higher on the strength of Ford #39;s bullish profit outlook.
Citing safety concerns, NBA commissioner David Stern announced Friday that the Jazz #39;s scheduled preseason game against CSKA Moscow on Oct. 8 in the Russian capital has been cancelled.
Arab TV channel al-Jazeera shows footage of what it says are three Western hostages kidnapped this week.
NEW YORK -- The face of Mariano Rivera, normally as placid as a pond in winter, was contorted in anger.
Montreal's Tony Armas Jr. was a late scratch for his start at Philadelphia because of tendinitis in his right shoulder.
Guy Melamed admits that when he first came to Boston College, he'd get fidgety during class.
Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the season and fined yesterday for throwing a chair that hit a woman and broke her nose during a game in Oakland earlier this week.
Reuters - The British and Irish\prime ministers struggled to break an apparent deadlock in\talks aimed at sealing a final peace settlement for Northern\Ireland as a deadline loomed.
AFP - Indian troops shot dead five Islamic militants in three separate clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir, a police spokesman said.
Qualcomm shares fell yesterday after the wireless technology giant said it may change the way it accounts for royalties on its financial statements.
The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than \$6.5 billion, agreed Friday to a delay while settlement talks continue.
It was 10 years ago that IBM and BellSouth teamed up to create the first device that merged a cell phone with a digital organizer.
Iraq #39;s national carrier Iraqi Airways will resume international flights on Saturday after 14 years of being grounded by war and sanctions.
Peugeot boss Corrado Provera expects Marcus Gronholm to bounce back today after wet weather saw him slip off the pace in the Wales Rally GB.
The Red Sox rode into Yankee Stadium on Friday with the confidence that comes from playing like the best team in baseball and having the wild card in your back pocket.
West Indies captain Brian Lara won the toss and chose to field in the ICC Champions Trophy Group B decider with South Africa at the Oval on Saturday.
The rural affairs minister defends his decision to drop out of a right to roam march amid the threat of protests.
This year #39;s hurricane season has many homeowners looking more closely at the fine print on their insurance policies, and many investors eyeing the impact on insurance stocks.
Scientists get their first look at a virus attaching to DNA. Physical proof of this surprising interaction could lead to drugs that can stop some infections. By Kristen Philipkoski.
A federal grant pays for a program that recruits and trains truckers to be on the lookout for safety hazards and suspicious behavior. By Ryan Singel.
Over 40 technology companies and organizations send a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee asking it to hold public hearings on the controversial Induce Act before moving forward. By Katie Dean.
United Airlines said on Friday that it would need about \$500 million more in annual cost cuts, in addition to the \$655 million now planned.
King County prosecutors charged a Covington orthodontist yesterday with engaging in sexually explicit Internet conversations with several girls, including three current or former patients, and with dealing child pornography.
WEST INDIES captain Brian Lara won the toss and put South Africa into bat in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool B deciding match at The Oval today.
PETTER SOLBERG and Welsh co-driver Phil Mills reeled in Wales Rally GB leader Sebastien Loeb with a stage win hat-trick yesterday.
Skyscrapers that power themselves through wind and solar energy collected on their roofs are named in the winning designs in a competition aimed at creating a greener modern city.
There #39;s plenty to blame for the rise of extremists in Germany: Ex-communists, unemployment and social reforms all had their turn.
AFP - Manchester United skipper Roy Keane has described his performance in the 2-2 Champions League draw with Lyon in midweek as 'abysmal'.
Bike lock maker Kryptonite struggled Friday to reassure customers and protect its reputation after the disclosure that its U-lock can be foiled by a ballpoint pen.
Ford yesterday rejected claims that the end of Jaguar cars production at Browns Lane was the start of wider plans to make further cutbacks.
The FBI has fielded almost twice as many complaints from mortgage lenders so far this year as it did for all of 2003, the bureau reported Friday.
com September 17, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Andrew Flintoff struck 104 to guide England to a defendable 251 for seven in the Champions Trophy Group D decider with Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl, Southampton on Saturday.
The news got worse for the Carolina Panthers Friday. Running back Stephen Davis was sidelined with a knee injury days after star receiver Steve Smith broke his leg.
The important thing is there are a lot of San Francisco Giants fans who are going to have a lot to tell their grandchildren someday.
Prime Minister Tony Blair was warned by top government officials, including his foreign secretary, a year before invading Iraq that chaos could follow the war, the Daily Telegraph says.
Trend Micro Mobile Security Version 1.0 provides antivirus and antispam software for mobile phones running the Microsoft Windows Mobile and Symbian Ltd. operating systems.
The USA drop Phil Mickelson for Saturday's fourballs as they bid to peg back Europe's five-point lead.
Researchers think our body clock could mean humans find it difficult to adapt to life in space.
Up to 15 hazardous chemicals could have their global movement more strictly regulated at a conference in Geneva this week.
That is the bottom line for initiatives undertaken by the United States, United Nations, African Union, the Arab League, and any other international actors trying to resolve the current 
Company says laptop-like technology will be useful in server systems, where it can help companies save on electricity and cooling costs in data centers.
Indonesian police have released a sketch of a man they velieve bought the mini van used in the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
Insurgents kidnapped two American and a British engineer on Thursday in a brazen dawn raid on their home in one of Baghdad #39;s most affluent neighborhoods, underscoring 
AFP - The death toll from an explosion at a fuel pipeline on the outskirts of the Nigerian city of Lagos has risen to around 60 as more bodies were recovered from the scene.
MIAMICarnival Corp. #39;s fiscal third-quarter profit increased 40 per cent as higher ticket prices spurred strong revenue growth.
A new generation of smaller, sleeker and cheaper MP3 players from the likes of Sony, Rio, Creative and Rave MP are hitting the market this fall, and they all have Apple 
Already, Jeff Gordon has been rewarded for being NASCAR #39;s points leader heading into the inaugural 10-race playoff. With qualifying rained out Friday at New Hampshire International 
If you want to know what happens when a country cedes its foreign policy to the United Nations, as Canada has done, all you have to do is look at Sudan.
A Palestinian girl was shot dead late on Friday when Israeli troops shot her dead in Nablus city of the West Bank, witnesses said.
According to a Gartner survey, online shoppers are frustrated with the lack of security provided by online businesses, and they fear that passwords are no longer sufficient to secure their transactions.
Eleven companies in Greater Cincinnati have been singled out for exporting jobs out of the country by Working America, an organization affiliated with the AFL-CIO labor organization.
Everyone has their opinion on the weather and everyone has their opinion on the Hopkins-De La Hoya fight as well. Before I give you mine, a few thoughts.
Ask Kevin Simon which is the worst home loss he has seen since arriving at the University of Tennessee and the answer is very clear.
IBM researchers today said they have successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade.
NEW YORK - The way the Boston Red Sox are playing these days, nothing seems to be able to stop them. Not even Mariano Rivera...
Northern Ireland #39;s dominant Protestant and Roman Catholic political parties are holding talks aimed at restoring the British province #39;s power-sharing government.
Competition at the 12th Paralympic Games for disabled athletes gets under way Saturday in Athens, Greece. Nearly 4,000 athletes from 136 countries are competing in 19 disciplines over 11 days.
Carolina running back Stephen Davis will be out of action for several weeks after undergoing arthroscopic surgery. The Panthers are already without injured receiver Steve Smith for at least two months.
Motorsport.com. Loudon, New Hampshire is a long way from the South Pacific island region of Vanuatu, but the two places may have more in common than ever before.
The last US Peace Corps volunteers leave Nepal after security fears force the suspension of operations.
Most countries in the West and member nations of the Commonwealth believe that President Pervez Musharraf should continue as Pakistan #39;s army chief, claimed Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed.
The UN watchdog passes a resolution calling on Iran to suspend all activities related to uranium enrichment.
A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb today near a crowd of people waiting to apply for jobs with the Iraqi National Guard in the northern city of Kirkuk.
PENSACOLA, Fla. - Their homes are in ruin, many have only the shirts on their backs...
Arsenal stretched its record unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 46 games Sunday, but the 2-2 tie with Bolton ended its perfect league record this season.
Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes has sprinted to an emphatic victory in the women #39;s 1,500 metres on the opening day of the two-day world athletics final.
(Sports Network) - With his 700th career homer now behind him, Barry Bonds can focus on the task of trying to get his Giants into the playoffs.
Insurgents threatened to behead two Americans and a Briton captured in Baghdad on Saturday and launched a suicide car bomb attack on Iraqi security forces in the northern 
Bolton ended Arsenal #39;s hopes of equaling its best-ever start to the English soccer season by rallying to hold the Premiership champion to a 2-2 draw.
Britain #39;s golden girl, Kelly Holmes, faces the prospect of ending her summer track season with another couple of doubles here.
The Federal Reserve may be fairly confident the economy #39;s soft patch is fading away, but the bond market is stubbornly betting the central bank is off the mark.
The United States remains a world leader in science that other countries try to imitate, the science adviser to President Bush told an audience at the University of Toledo yesterday.
England champions Arsenal #39;s winning streak was stopped Saturday as they were held to a 2-2 draw by Bolton Wanderers at Highbury on Saturday.
Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes overpowered Tatyana Tomashova in the final stretch to win the 1,500 metres at the World Athletics Final on Saturday.
In 1973, Catholic guerrilla Gerry Kelly was part of a Northern Irish republican bombing team who attacked London #39;s Old Bailey courthouse.
AFP - High-flying Bolton ended Arsenal's perfect start to their Premiership title defence by twice coming from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Highbury.
England reach the Champions Trophy semi-finals as Andrew Flintoff's 104 earns victory over Sri Lanka.
FLORIDIANS today began to clean up after their third hurricane in five weeks, while Alabamans looked to rebuild their condos and beach homes along the coast.
London, England (Sports Network) - For the first time during this young Premiership campaign, Arsenal took the field and did not emerge victorious.
The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Summer Games think they have a realistic chance to beat the four European capitals with which they are competing.
Ladies Professional Golf Association tour rookie Brandi Jackson of the United States has the lead heading into Saturday #39;s second round of the 54-hole Safeway Classic in Portland, Oregon.
Gunmen killed a Venezuelan oil engineer and six soldiers near the border with Colombia in an attack that officials suspected was carried out by Colombian rebels.
Michael Jackson wishes he had fought previous child molestation claims instead of trying to "buy peace", his lawyer says.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The US real-estate boom, coupled with low interest rates, has given mortgage companies a surge of new business.
Last gasp goals from Brazilian defender Lucio and Dutch striker Roy Makaay earned Bayern Munich a dramatic 2-2 draw at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday.
One young Palestinian woman was killed in Gaza by the bullets of the Israeli occupation forces in the West Bank on Friday evening.
By reneging on his promise to step down as army chief later this year, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf does 
AP - If experience counted for everything, Jeff Gordon would be a lock to win NASCAR's first 10-man, 10-race championship playoff.
Most remaining Pakistani prisoners held at the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp are freed, officials say.
The new prime-time television season officially starts this week, and more than bragging rights to ratings supremacy will be on the line for the broadcast networks.
Italian airline company Alitalia unions and management on Saturday agreed on new contract terms for flight assistants, ending a tense round of negotiations involving the airline #39;s workers.
Voters will be asked to cast their ballots on machines whose accuracy and security against fraud have yet to be tested on such a grand scale.
If Ayad Allawi was popular among moderate Iraqis in the first weeks after his interim government took over, it is clear his grace period has expired.
BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - The Americans finally showed up at the Ryder Cup...
Test your knowledge of current affairs with our daily quiz. Follow the link to reveal the answers. 1. How did pro-hunt protestors gain entry to the House of Commons?
Luqman Arnold, chief executive of Abbey National, is likely to walk away with 5.2m if the bank is sold to Banco Santander Central Hispano.
AP - St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Chris Carpenter left Saturday's start against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the fourth inning with a strained right biceps.
United Airlines said it will need to cut more than \$1 billion from its annual costs, a much higher figure than previous estimates.
An Indian Institute of Technology professor--and open-source evangelist--discusses the role of Linux and open source in India. By Larry Greenemeier.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A car bomb killed two American soldiers  and wounded eight when it exploded in Baghdad on Saturday, the  U.S. military said in a statement.
The government pledges to do all it can to secure the release of a British civil engineer kidnapped in Iraq.
Playing with passion and pride that was missing the first day, the United States collects 2 1/2 out of 4 points in the morning four-ball matches at the Ryder Cup on  Saturday.
Taiwanese chipmaker dangles open-source software to lure in programmer interest.
Pressure is growing on more nations to implement the Council of Europe's anti-cybercrime treaty.
Code that claims to partially exploit a weakness in Microsoft software #39;s handling of image files has been published on the Internet.
England marched into the semi-finals of the ICC Champions Trophy as the Duckworth-Lewis method saw them secure a 49-run victory over Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl.
VIENNA - The UN atomic watchdog agency demanded Iran suspend all uranium enrichment activities and gave it until November comply with the order.
Indonesian police said Saturday that four suspects in last week #39;s bomb attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have been arrested.
The Americans won a couple of better-ball matches and halved another before losing to the most unheralded European team in the final match Saturday morning.
Russia turns to India for help setting up IT industrial parks in Moscow.
Lithuania temporarily disables a website publishing information on the activities of Chechen rebel leaders.
Iran Saturday blasted a resolution by the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency on Iran #39;s nuclear program as a political one.
Bryan Randall runs for one touchdown and passes for another score Saturday and Virginia Tech wins its first game as an Atlantic Coast Conference member, 41-17, over Duke.
The International Monetary Fund on Friday granted an Argentine government request to defer \$1.1 billion in debt repayments that Buenos Aires was scheduled to make between now and January.
Iraqi Airways resumed international flights for the first time in 14 years, with a plane taking off Saturday from neighboring Jordan for Baghdad and another leaving the Iraqi capital for Damascus, Syria.
AP - The fan who retrieved Barry Bonds' 700th home run attended the same private Catholic high school as the slugger  #151; Serra High in nearby San Mateo.
Braylon Edwards caught eight passes for 130 yards and two touchdowns, including the game-winner in the third quarter for No. 17 Michigan.
AFP - The US Defense Department announced the transfer of 35 detainees from Guantanamo Bay Naval Station (GTMO) in Cuba to Pakistan.
Jon Lieber no-hit the Red Sox until David Ortiz's two-out home run in the seventh inning, and the New York Yankees beat up on Derek Lowe.
In four NFL seasons spanning 54 games, Redskins safety Matt Bowen had never sacked a quarterback. In last week's win over the Bucs, he sacked Brad Johnson twice.
NEW YORK - Jon Lieber nearly pitched a game for the ages. As it was, he was plenty good...
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw at home to promoted Palermo on Saturday after Luca Toni cancelled out Adriano #39;s opener for Inter at the San Siro stadium.
Microsoft is offering a patch for a critical security flaw related to the processing of JPEG images by its operating systems and other applications.
The US team has regained some ground against Europe on the second day of the Ryder Cup golf competition outside Detroit, Michigan.
Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Inter Milan has earned just two points after two Serie A matches, thanks to a 1-1 draw with Palermo on Saturday night.
Conservative leader Michael Howard has accused the Government for going to war with Iraq devoid of a comprehensive plan to restore stability to the country.
Miguel Tejada homers twice and drives in five runs, rookie Daniel Cabrera throws six strong innings and the Orioles beat up on the Twins, 12-3, Saturday.
The UN Security Council adopted a resolution on Saturday that threatens oil sanctions against Sudan if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in the Darfur region.
Seven Venezuelans, including six soldiers, were killed near the border with Colombia, and Venezuelan authorities suspect that Colombian rebels could be behind the shootings, an official said late Saturday.
The head of InterActiveCorp talks about the confusion that the company's setup provokes and whether he would consider becoming the chief executive at Disney.
AP - The Green Bay Packers activated cornerback Mike McKenzie and waived tight end Sean McHugh on Saturday.
AP - The essential question facing NHL owners and locked-out players is: Who cares?
Long before Hurricane Ivan began bearing down on the Gulf Coast last week, a special breed of money managers was carefully tracking its development.
In the first half of 2004, commodities investors worried that a hard landing for China's economy could be disastrous for them, but those fears have not borne out.
Anything is possible for England now. The Champions Trophy, South Africa this winter, the World Cup, the Ashes next summer, global domination, all those things that once 
If only Dale Earnhardt Jr. could jump in his car and tear away from the fuss, leaving thunder clouds of defiant black tire smoke in his wake.
Southerners Lecce and Sicilys Palermo are the surprise pacesetters in Serie A after playing their second matches of the season.
MYANMAR #39;S military junta yesterday dismissed the Foreign Minister and his deputy in an unexpected Cabinet reshuffle that saw two other ministers also fired.
The Panamanian government declared a state of emergency Saturday in response to torrential rains which triggered flooding and mudslides, leaving at least 10 people dead and a dozen others missing.
The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Olympics think they have a chance to beat the four competing European capitals.
Nearly two years after Columbia shattered in the sky, NASA still has no way of repairing the kind of holes that could doom another shuttle, space agency officials acknowledged 
NEW YORK -- So maybe everybody got a little too carried away with this Red Sox resurgence. Maybe we forgot who these guys really are.
Shortly before Pakistans Foreign Minister Khursheed Mehmood Kasuri came to New Delhi, Natwar Singh held a background briefing for journalists.
After appealing his 16-game suspension Friday night and pitching one inning in a mopup role against the Angels, Rangers right-hander Frank Francisco began serving his 
Microscopic embryonic stem cells might hold the answer to afflictions from baldness, wrinkles, and age spots to the most intractable diseases.
Britain is to scale back its 8,000-strong military presence in southern Iraq in October, despite fears of worsening security in the run-up to elections, the Observer newspaper reports.
With the offense rumbling and Jon Lieber in command, the Yankees walloped Boston at misty, wind-whipped Yankee Stadium.
 ALMATY (Reuters) - Oil-rich Kazakhstan prepared to vote  Sunday in a parliamentary poll criticized by the West and all  but written off as unfair by opposition parties.
Kazakhstan chooses a new parliament - currently dominated by President Nazarbayev's supporters.
South Africa defied conventional wisdom at The Oval yesterday. Worldly-wise cricket analysts apply a simple formula to one-day cricket in England in September, especially when it starts at 10.
If you were looking for a city that was impeccably correct in its attitude towards people with disabilities, you probably wouldn #39;t put Athens at the top of your list.
One of the marks of a great player is the ability to produce when it matters. This was England #39;s most important one-day game of the season.
The British Army is to start pulling troops out of Iraq next month despite the deteriorating security situation in much of the country, The Observer has learnt.
AP - Lee Westwood strolled to his car with his chest out, head high and a big smile.
Jason Campbell hit Courtney Taylor for a 16-yard touchdown pass with 1 minute 14 seconds to play and No. 14 Auburn got two chances to kick the winning extra point.
Europe will enter the 12 singles matches Sunday holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
Oklahoma appeared to be one of the greatest teams in college football history last season until it lost its final two games. Through their first three games this season 
AP - The judge presiding over a massive pension suit against IBM, which could cost the company more than  #36;6.5 billion, agreed to a short delay while settlement talks continue.
Pakistani troops say they have cleared foreign militants from large parts of the troubled region of South Waziristan.
Pro Bowl left tackle Jonathan Ogden will start Sunday against the Pittsburgh Steelers after sitting out the opener with a sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee.
Jeff Gordon enters Sunday's Sylvania 300, the first event of the "Chase for the Nextel Cup," as the points leader and the odds-on favorite.
The Russian-Chinese trade will have hit a record high of US\$20 US by the end of this year, a senior Russian diplomat said on Saturday.
com. Despite the Rockies and Dodgers meeting 14 times already this year already, Rockies right-hander Jason Jennings will make his first start of the season against Los Angeles on Sunday.
Pakistan #39;s military says it has cleared foreign Islamic militants from large parts of the troubled region of South Waziristan, near the Afghan border.
Candie Kung and Lorie Kane overcame the wind and the rain -- and a rally by Annika Sorenstam -- to top the Safeway Classic leaderboard.
The fate of a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad was looking increasingly perilous today, after his Muslim extremist captors threatened to kill him if their demands are not met.
AP - The St. Louis Cardinals became the first major league team to clinch a playoff spot this season, winning the NL Central for the third time in five seasons.
SRINAGAR: Indian soldiers shot and killed 15 Muslim rebels in separate gunbattles across Kashmir yesterday, police and border security officials said.
AP - Democrat John Kerry reminded his hometown supporters at a  #36;3 million fund-raiser Saturday night that he's come from behind to win elections before.
The Macedonian government wins a vote of no-confidence introduced by the opposition.
The editor of France's most prestigious daily exits, but the paper's troubles aren't going away soon
The UN Security Council approved a resolution Saturday threatening sanctions against Sudan unless it acts to rein in Arab militias accused of violence in Darfur that the United States has called genocide.
A LEAKED Cabinet document showed Prime Minister John Howard was originally against the \$600 child payment, Opposition Leader Mark Latham said today.
AP - Wily Mo Pena hit two home runs to offset a pair by Moises Alou and lead the Cincinnati Reds over the Chicago Cubs 6-5 Saturday night.
The shakeout in the global airline industry has moved forward like a slow-motion train wreck since Sept. 11, 2001, but last week the pace quickened considerably.
Amazon.com is trying to out-Google the king of Internet search with a new site that puts a fancy face on Google #39;s plain-Jane search results.
AP - Alex Smith threw for one touchdown and ran for another, and Utah converted three Utah State turnovers into touchdowns to rout its rival 48-6 Saturday night.
Sept. 27 issue - It #39;s not the kind of thing people typically like to rush, but then again, Martha Stewart has been full of surprises lately.
Brazil #39;s Ricardo Mello booked his first ever ATP final berth of his career Saturday to vie for the Delray Beach title against top-seeded American Vince Spadea.
Australia cricket coach John Buchanan has warned England #39;s master blaster Andrew Flintoff he won #39;t have things so easy when he faces the world champions on Tuesday.
Bobby Bowden couldn #39;t get excited about Florida State #39;s first win of the season. Not after last week #39;s dramatic heartbreaker.
A high-stakes effort to revive a Catholic-Protestant government for Northern Ireland has ended in failure, but hope remains of an eventual breakthrough, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland said yesterday.
Militants threaten to execute three Western hostages unless all female Iraqi prisoners are set free.
Two goals from Nicolas Anelka are enough to give Man City their first away win of the season.
Tony Blair is to hold his first talks with Iraq's interim prime minister Iyad Allawi at Downing Street.
The people behind New York City's bid for the 2012 Summer Games think they have a chance to beat the four competing European capitals.
Whether or not the machines are ready for the election - or the electorate ready for the machines - there is no turning back.
With the offense rumbling and Jon Lieber in command, the Yankees walloped Boston at misty, wind-whipped Yankee Stadium.
Europe will enter the 12 singles matches holding a 11-5 lead and needing to finish with only 14 points to retain the Ryder Cup.
 ALMATY (Reuters) - Oil-rich Kazakhstan voted on Sunday in a  parliamentary poll criticized by the West and all but written  off as unfair by opposition parties.
Their meeting comes after the British PM played down claims that he had been warned a year before the war to oust Saddam Hussein of the chaos that might follow.
 HOUSTON (Reuters) - Former basketball star Calvin Murphy  was acquitted on Monday by a Houston jury on charges he  sexually abused five of his daughters.
Top-seeded Vincent Spadea beat qualifier Hugo Armando 6-3, 1-6, 6-4 Friday night to reach the semifinals of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
The fate of a British hostage kidnapped in Baghdad is looking increasingly perilous after his captors threatened to kill him if their demands are not met.
The bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta has elevated terrorism, as an election issue, from a shade above nowhere to a point just visible on Indonesia #39;s political horizon.
A team from the International Atomic Energy Agency travels to South Korea to investigate secret nuclear experiments.
Amazon.com has officially entered into the search engine market with the launch of A9.com, a search engine that Amazon claims will make organizing and managing search results easier.
Bernard Hopkins crushed Oscar De La Hoya with a paralyzing left hook to his liver, sending him to the mat with 1 minute 38 seconds left in the ninth round.
Going into 2004, experts were pointing to this as a turnaround year for the airline industry after three years of misery. No more.
AN armed group killed six Venezuelan Army troops and an engineer in an ambush along the Colombian border, Defence Minister Jorge Garcia Carneiro said today.
The US Department of Transportation has dismissed a claim filed against Northwest Airlines that accused the carrier of violating its own privacy policy when it gave government officials passenger information related to the Sept.
The UN Security Council passed a resolution Saturday establishing an international inquiry to determine whether systematic attacks on black African villagers in Sudan constitute genocide.
AP - Andrew Walter threw for 428 yards and five touchdowns to lead Arizona State to a surprisingly easy 44-7 victory over No. 16 Iowa on Saturday night.
How does one even begin to analyze the latest unforgettable installment of a rivalry that always seems to produce an indelible and searing memory?
Knoxville, TN (Sports Network) - James Wilhoit atoned for a missed extra point by kicking a 50-yard field goal in the closing seconds to lift No.
Despite a recent court victory for the area #39;s largest telecommunications company, the battle for your home phone service isn #39;t about to end.
Three days of talks aimed at breaking a two-year deadlock in the Northern Ireland peace process ended yesterday without a deal, but with officials 
A report indicates that many giants of the industry have been able to capture lasting feelings of customer loyalty.
Comcast Corp. tried to break into the entertainment business as a star. But it #39;s looking as if its best role for now may be a cameo.
Coming into this middleweight title bout, which turned out to be more mega-event than mega-fight, Oscar De La Hoya called Bernard Hopkins a bully.
On days like yesterday, gloomy, gray late afternoons by the lake, UCLA used to come out and play the part of the powder-blue preppies from Westwood.
The Cougars turned the ball over four times...The Trojans made their first ever visit to Provo...Bush posted his first career 100-yard rushing game.
RALEIGH, NC  Compared to the kick he made last week, these field goals were easy for Mike Nugent. He certainly made them appear that way.
It wasn #39;t long ago that Coach Chucky was the most powerful man in football, able to freeze Al Davis with the flash of a cobalt glare.
TechWeb - Multipurpose cell phones, data-storing pocket knives: Can you fear me now?
The St. Louis Cardinals became the first major league team to clinch a playoff spot this season, winning the Central for the third time in five seasons.
AUBURN, Ala. -- The ball finally got to Courtney Taylor, the flag rescued John Vaughn, and No. 14 Auburn proved itself a Southeastern Conference contender.
CAMBRIDGE -- Last year, it took Harvard nearly the entire game to beat Holy Cross, 43-23, as the Crusaders hung tough until the fourth quarter.
It was never about whether they deserved it. It was about how to get it done.
The Eagles are off to one of their best starts in five years, undefeated after their first three games for the first time since opening the 1999 campaign with a 4-0 record.
LOWELL -- To shop at Birke's Department Store in its heyday was not for the faint of heart.
PRAGUE -- Add one more country to the list of those decrying intelligence failures before the Sept. 11 attacks.
 #39; #39;The Oprah Winfrey Show quot; was the best advertising an estimated \$8 million could buy for the launch of the Pontiac G6 sedan.
Microsoft Corp. has quietly begun giving some of its largest customers early warning of security problems with its products. Under the free program, some customers get three business 
LOUDON, NH - As this newfangled stretch drive for the Nextel Cup championship ensues, Jeff Gordon has to be considered the favorite for a fifth title.
The clash of the remnants of Hurricane Ivan and a cold front coming down from Canada dumped 2 to 5 inches of rain over southern New England yesterday.
President George W. Bush was a governor in 1999 when his reading of a William Travis letter from the besieged Alamo stirred the American Ryder Cup team into a frenzy 
Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Wang Guangya gestures during the UN Security Council vote at the United Nations in New York, Sept.
AFP - The wife of an American civilian kidnapped by militants in Iraq made a somber plea for mercy and the release of her husband and his two colleagues.
NEW YORK -- How ugly was it? Ask one of the closest eyewitnesses to measure it on a scale of 1 to 10.
LAS VEGAS -- There is another reason 1992 Olympic champion Oscar De La Hoya is so appropriately called The Golden Boy.
Olympic champion Kelly Holmes will not contest the 800metres when the final day #39;s action at the World Athletics Final gets underway this afternoon.
As incredible as it sounds, the Giants have hit must-win territory already. They have played one game, lost it badly, and have spent the ensuing week talking as much 
Since debuting so successfully in the opener two weeks ago, true freshman quarterbacks Brent Schaeffer and Erik Ainge have been the talk of Tennessee football.
Two weeks before the season opener against Brigham Young, sophomore Tom Zbikowski left Notre Dame for a couple of days, reportedly unhappy with his status as the No.
The Security Council passed a resolution on Sudan on Saturday holding out the threat of sanctions on the country #39;s leaders and its oil industry if the government fails to curb ethnic violence.
stake focuses on digital-security consulting services and products to assess and manage risks in enterprise environments. The company #39;s SmartRisk services cover software applications, critical 
Former Chinese President Jiang Zemin gives up his last official position as head of the military.
Iraqi Airways has resumed international service, flying from Amman to Baghdad in the national carrier #39;s first international flight in 14 years since being grounded by war and sanctions.
Reuters - Serbs went to the polls in local\elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since\they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
The funeral has taken place of Dr Beyers Naude, one of the leading anti-apartheid campaigners in South Africa, who died earlier this month aged 89.
TORONTO -- The mayors of Canada #39;s biggest cities are telling Ottawa to step on the gas when it comes to delivering the fuel tax back to cities.
A few days ago, under the cover of darkness, the Ottawa Liberals #39; shiny new Environment Minister Stephane Dion slipped into Alberta to make a speech.
Micron Technologies says it still does not expect to pay any fines or face criminal charges after a European competitor agreed this past week to price fixing charges.
There was no dancing around by the challenger this time, no late rallies to steal rounds and -- most significant for the undisputed middleweight champion of the world -- no upset.
The United Nations (UN) Security Council passed a resolution yesterday (September 18) that proposes implementing oil sanctions on Sudan if the government fails to end the crisis in its Darfur region.
Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho tried to shake things up with some major changes to his lineup.
Jason Campbell was trying for one more miracle, one more chance in front of 87,451 fans yelling at the top of their lungs, then holding their breath.
Indonesians are preparing to go to the polls Monday in the final round of the country #39;s first-ever democratic presidential election.
Although polls say otherwise, George W. Bush remains the underdog in this election. Both demographics and history suggest the president #39;s lead is perilous.
Serbs went to the polls in local elections on Sunday in the first test of voter opinion since they chose pro-Western President Boris Tadic in June.
The Los Alamos National Laboratory has forced out five employees involved in safety and security scandals at the nuclear facility that gave birth to the atomic bomb, officials said on Thursday.
Tony Blair says Iraq is the "crucible in which the future of global terrorism will be determined".
Europe go into the singles needing three-and-a-half points to win the Ryder Cup.
The Tennessee Volunteers won 30-28 over the Florida Gators in a Southeastern Conference battle at Neyland Stadium, in Knoxville, Tenn.
19.09.04 - By Frank Gonzalez Jr: Preconceived notions dominated many a mindset leading up to the Hopkins vs. De La Hoya fight for the Middleweight Crown.
The main grandstands at the Salinas Sports Complex were overflowing with football fans, many wearing the red and gold of Palma High School.
In a possible Western Conference finals preview, Nikki Teasley scored 21 points to lead the Sparks past the Seattle Storm 83-80 in the regular-season finale Saturday night.
Thirty-five Pakistanis freed from the US Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further interrogation, the interior minister said.
Thousands of school children are logging on to the Internet to join scientists exploring a series of hydrothermal vents a mile under the sea to the west of Costa Rica.
Micron Technology belongs to one of the most legally contentious industries in the world. The world #39;s third-largest maker of electronic memory faces more than 25 class-action 
Northern Ireland has taken another small step in the slow march towards restoring home rule this weekend with tacit promises from the IRA to end militant activity once and for all.
Indonesians go to the polls to choose their next president on Monday amid tight security following the Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta.
Mobster drama The Sopranos is favourite to take home the most trophies ahead of the Emmy awards.
Jermaine O'Neal practiced with Indiana on Monday for the first time since being suspended for fighting with Detroit fans during the Pacers-Pistons brawl on Nov. 19.
A mid Wales man with a terrifying and risky hobby explains why he is fascinated by extreme weather.
China banned a Nike television commercial showing LeBron James battling a cartoon kung fu master, saying the ad insults national dignity.
Colin Montgomerie saw several Ryder Cup runs come to an end Saturday morning. When he and partner Padraig Harrington fell behind Davis Love and 
Visiting Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday his government was going to stickto the January election timetable despite the unstable situation in the country 
nearly 8 percent of its 2003 operating expenses -- even if it terminates its pension plans, which the government estimates are underfunded by \$8.
Police turned the findings from their investigation of the Pacers-Pistons brawl over to the Oakland County prosecutor on Monday, and charges are expected to be announced Wednesday.
AP - Two explosions echoed across the Iraqi capital Sunday. It was not immediately clear what caused the late afternoon blasts.
Jaguar car factory workers will be urged to fight the closure of the plant with a campaign which includes the threat of strike action.
Palestinian hospital officials say Israeli forces have killed a Palestinian man near the Karni crossing just inside the Gaza Strip.
Pakistan #39;s seamers produced a top class display of pace bowling to dismiss India for just 200 in the Champions Trophy Group C decider at Edgbaston on Sunday.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Sunday the international community should join to together to fight terrorism in Iraq.  quot;Now is not the time for the international community 
KABULA day after Afghan President Hamid Karzai escaped a rocket attack on his helicopter, he slipped away from his US security guards and left the presidential 
Prime Minister Tony Blair admonished the international community today not to waiver in its support for military victory in Iraq and the establishment of democracy there 
Notre Dame certainly had its problems Saturday night against Michigan State at Spartan Stadium. The Spartans, facing an opportunistic Notre Dame defense, had more 
Henry Bibby was suddenly fired as Southern California's basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season.
The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Chinese Grand Prix.
The European Union #39;s transport commissioner has praised the restructuring deal reached between Italy #39;s flagship air carrier, Alitalia, and unions representing cabin crews.
The troubled Russian oil company Yukos has suspended its oil deliveries to China #39;s National Petroleum Company, saying it cannot afford the shipping costs.
BOXING has long been starved of magic and stardust, at least since Lennox Lewis put an end to the myth of Mike Tyson two years ago.
Newcastle United marked their first Premier League match under Graeme Souness with a 2-1 win at Southampton thanks to 20-metre winner from right back Stephen Carr on Sunday.
South Africa openers Herschelle Gibbs (right) and Graeme Smith gave the team a good start in the ICC Champions Trophy match against the West Indies at The Oval in London on Saturday.
BEIJING - China #39;s former president Jiang Zemin has retired as chairman of the powerful Central Military Commission, his last official post in government.
Troops kill a militant in the Gaza Strip as it emerges the army has a new radar system that gives warning of Qassam rockets.
The leaders of India and Pakistan head to the US this week for talks with each other and with President Bush.
Alan Shearer tonight claimed Newcastles first goal in the 2-1 win over Southampton at St Marys even though it had been credited as a David Prutton own goal.
FOR Victorians, AFL grand final week is traditionally party time. But this year it will be like partying with a bunch of strangers instead of with your lifelong friends.
The Israeli army has shot dead a member of militant group Islamic Jihad in the Gaza Strip near a border crossing with Israel, security sources say.
Does Heather Locklear ever age? Or get less-than-stellar ratings? Can the old formula still work in "LAX," her new NBC series?
The Volunteers sophomore kicker nailed a game winning 50-yard field goal with 13 seconds remaining to lift 13th-ranked UT over No.
The new breed of portable media players is finally here, but the devices are too small to comfortably watch movies on and too bulky to compete with my MP3 music player.
Israel intends to step up a quick reaction system to combat Palestinian rocket attacks at Israeli targets, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told the cabinet Sunday.
Pakistan will meet West Indies in the Champions Trophy semi-final after a last-over victory over India at Edgbaston.
Early results suggest the party of Kazakh President Nazarbayev will win victory in parliamentary elections.
Lawmakers called on the government today to ignore demands from the UN nuclear watchdog agency that Iran freeze all uranium enrichment work.
AFP - Chelsea failed to make any ground on Premiership leaders Arsenal after they were held 0-0 by Spurs at Stamford Bridge here.
AP - It was known simply as "The Streak" in northern New Mexico, a 25-game skid that began in November 2001. And now it's finally over.
NBA Hall of Famer Calvin Murphy was acquitted Monday of charges he sexually abused five of his 10 daughters more than a decade ago.
The Giants, capitalizing on a Washington turnover, have rallied to tie the Redskins, 7-7, in the second quarter at the blustery Meadowlands.
Hotel workers in Washington, DC, San Francisco and Los Angeles held out the threat of a strike on Sunday, but have told management they will resume contract talks, a DC union official said.
Yousuf Youhana steered Pakistan to a last-over victory over India to clinch a Champions Trophy semi-final against the West Indies on Wednesday.
Militants beheaded three Iraqi Kurd militiamen, showing their deaths in a video posted on a Web site on Saturday and denouncing Kurdish political 
British government said Sunday Britain would not increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years, but would not rule out future expansion.
German authorities have deported the organizer of a controversial Islamic conference planned for next month in Berlin. The conference planner was deported to his home country of Lebanon Saturday, after his 
Swedish DJ Eric Prydz goes straight to number one in the UK chart with dance track Call on Me.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - New Orleans running back Deuce McAllister left Sunday #39;s game against San Francisco with an ankle injury.
A jury has decided that the destruction of the World Trade Center was two events, meaning leaseholder Larry Silverstein can collect twice from insurance companies.
Spaniard Santiago Perez recorded a second consecutive stage win, which propelled him into third place overall in the Tour of Spain.
The government says it has no need to increase its nuclear power capacity for at least 10 or 15 years but future expansion of nuclear power cannot be ruled out altogether.
The leaders of India and Pakistan are heading to the US this week for their first face-to-face meeting. They will meet on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly.
Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said Pakistan still had room for improvement after knocking India out of the Champions Trophy at Edgbaston.
JAKARTA - Security forces remain on high alert as Indonesians head to the polls in an election that could see the opposition leader become president.
AP - Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Tommy Maddox left Sunday's game against the Baltimore Ravens in the third quarter with an elbow injury.
AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.
 GAZA (Reuters) - A senior leader of Hamas's military wing  was killed in an Israeli missile strike on his car in the Gaza  Strip, Palestinian witnesses said.
President Bush and John Kerry have said little more than that each will end the war the right way and his opponent will not.
If Bernard Hopkins v Oscar de la Hoya did not quite live up to its ludicrously lofty billing, it was through no fault of the fighters.
Wall Street opinion is split on whether the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at its meeting Tuesday, with conventional wisdom siding with a rate hike.
A videotape posted on a Web site shows the beheading of three hostages who are said to be members of a Kurdish party in northern Iraq.
AP - Barry Bonds rested Sunday, staying out of the starting lineup in the San Francisco Giants' series finale against the San Diego Padres.
AMERICAN consumers will be hit by another quarter-point rise in interest rates on Tuesday, threatening to dent their confidence only six weeks before the presidential elections.
Hotel workers at 14 DC hotels are preparing to strike after talks over a new contract broke down last night. Union officials said hotel management walked out of contract 
Cairo - The speaker of the Sudanese parliament on Sunday warned the West against intervening in his country, saying it would open the  quot;gates of hell quot;.
An Iraqi Islamic group says it has killed three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party which cooperates with the Iraqi Government.
AP - Here's a way to spoil the celebration for No. 11 Tennessee after beating Florida: check out the Volunteers' remaining schedule and recent history.
A member of Palestinian militant group Hamas is killed in an Israeli air strike on his car in Gaza, witnesses say.
Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders strained a hamstring muscle in the second quarter of Baltimore's game against Pittsburgh on Sunday.
SureType effectively converges a phone keypad and a QWERTY keyboard to fit elegantly within the size constraints of a traditional mobile phone form factor.
Real Madrid coach Jose Antonio Camacho offered his resignation to club president Florentino Perez on Sunday, Spanish state radio reported.
Here #39;s a way to spoil the celebration for No. 11 Tennessee after beating Florida: check out the Volunteers #39; remaining schedule and recent history.
AP - Vernon Wells homered in Toronto's five-run third inning and the Blue Jays beat the Tampa Devil Rays 9-7 on Sunday.
AP - A truck slammed into three vehicles Sunday in southern Iran, killing at least 18 people and injuring 22, state-run television reported.
Iraq today ruled out concessions to kidnappers threatening to murder British hostage Kenneth Bigley and two American colleagues within 24 hours.
AFP - President George W. Bush has for the first time raised questions about documents used to bolster a report that he received preferential treatment during his Vietnam era military service.
Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada homered off an ineffective Pedro Martinez, and Mike Mussina gave the Yankees another excellent outing on Sunday.
Hurricane Ivan tested oil and gas platforms in the Gulf of Mexico to their limits and beyond this week as damage reports continued to grow Friday.
London, England (Sports Network) - Not much was expected from Everton this season, especially after the departure of star striker Wayne Rooney to Manchester United.
DeShaun Foster did not just sub for the injured Stephen Davis, he came within 4 yards of erasing Davis #39; team record for yards rushing in a game.
VIENNA: The spike in oil prices is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for lack of output capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.
NASHVILLE -- The Indianapolis Colts offense got in tune behind Peyton Manning and Edgerrin James in the second half today to beat the Tennessee Titans 31-17.
America Online has decided not to fully support Microsoft #39;s Sender ID spam-fighting plan after the Internet Engineering Task Force and the open-source community expressed intellectual property concerns.
AP - The New Orleans Saints survived it all: Hurricane Ivan, the loss of Deuce McAllister, and the San Francisco 49ers.
Recent upsurge in attacks has parallels, and differences, with past insurgencies.
PENSACOLA, Fla. - Across Florida, hundreds of relief workers fanned out Sunday to help still-numb families...
Foster was only four yards short of tying Davis #39; team record of 178 rushing yards in one game. Davis accomplished that feat on October 26, 2003.
Sunday #39;s departure of Jiang Zemin as head of China #39;s military was a surprise, though rumors of a power struggle with 
UN Secretary-general Kofi Annan #39;s declaration saying the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot; sparked different reactions from the Iraqis.
AP - LSU fell out of the top 10 Sunday while Auburn moved in, the result of a one-point game decided by a second-chance extra point.
MOSCOW Yukos has substantially increased the reserve estimates for its biggest subsidiary, one currently being appraised for sale by the government.
PC World: Businesses don #39;t have to dump Windows to test drive free or low-price applications whose use may improve the bottom line.
In what was a sloppy game on both sides of the ball, the Chiefs take a 10-7 halftime lead in their season opener against the Panthers in Arrowhead.
A videotape posted on an Iraqi Islamist web site shows what appears to be the beheading of three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, which cooperates with the Baghdad government.
AFP - Europe pulled off a sensational Ryder Cup victory when they crushed the all-star American team by a record-breaking 18 1/2 to 9 1/2 points.
Linebacker Barrett Green scored on a 16-yard fumble return and the Giants forced seven turnovers, handing Tom Coughlin his first win as the team's head coach.
Colin Montgomerie holes the winning putt as Europe thrash the USA by a record margin of 18-9 in Detroit.
Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada each homer off Pedro Martinez, and the Yankees rout the Red Sox 11-1 on Sunday.
After just four months on the job, the Italian airline #39;s latest boss succeeded this weekend where his many predecessors had failed: getting unions to agree to sweeping job and wage cuts.
A seventeen year old student is arrested after authorities were told of his plans to blow up his high school. Clinton Township Police said the boy was making threats on many online chat rooms.
Cisco Systems introduced a rebate program on Friday to encourage owners of its Linksys home networking gear to trade up to higher-end products.
Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Kurt Busch led the most laps (155) and captured the Sylvania 300 Nextel Cup race at the New Hampshire International Speedway.
MOSCOW Russian law enforcement agencies have thwarted an extremist attack on targets in Moscow, according to the FSB, the federal security service.
If interest rates go up, you may think you will suffer if you have a loan and benefit if you have bank deposits. However, the interest rate effect could play out quite differently.
Microsoft Corp. said on Sunday that it would share the underlying software code for its Office program as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in the security and compatibility 
SHREWSBURY, Mass. - A carnival ride broke apart during a church fair Sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people...
Iraqi PM Iyad Allawi says elections will take place in January as scheduled, despite continuing violence.
The productivity package is added to the program that allows governments to see Microsoft source code.
WebEx Communications is expanding its Web conferencing service with an offering designed for sales professionals, the company plans to announce on Monday.
Unseeded Brazilian Ricardo Mello captured his first ATP Tour title when overcoming top seed Vincent Spadea in straight sets to win the Millennium International at Delray Beach in Florida.
AP - Microsoft Corp. is expanding a program to give government organizations access to some of its tightly guarded software blueprints amid growing competition from rivals who make such source code freely available.
SHREWSBURY, Mass. - A carnival ride broke apart during a church fair Sunday, killing a man and injuring two other people...
OTTAWA - The Canadian government will devote some of the proceeds from its sale of its 19 percent stake in oil company Petro-Canada (PCA.
The three major central banks will all be in focus this week, starting with the Federal Reserve tomorrow. The Federal open market committee meets to set the US interest 
Microsoft Corp has released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programmes.
Apple Computer Corp is charging its British iTunes customers 17 percent more per download than its European customers, a consumer watchdog group has said.
IBM plans to start shipping its PCs with a new chip designed to thwart hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
Bart Bryant won his first PGA Tour event Sunday, closing with a 3-under 67 for a three-stroke victory over Patrick Sheehan at the Texas Open.
From the supposedly sublime skills of the galacticos, Real Madrid have plunged into the ridiculous: on Saturday night they crashed to a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol.
AP - As millions buy increasingly powerful cell phones, many companies are racing to develop video games to take advantage of the newfound portability.
AP - Jerry Rice probably didn't figure his team-first attitude would lead to the end of his NFL-record receptions streak.
Moises Alou's tiebreaking two-run double in the ninth gives the Cubs a 5-1 victory over the Reds Sunday for their sixth win in seven games.
Yousuf Youhana has played many outstanding innings but few will have given him more pleasure than that which took Pakistan to a three-wicket victory over their fiercest rivals here yesterday.
Tottenham climbed to fifth place on 10 points, six behind Arsenal and two short of Chelsea, who have been held goalless in their last two league games.
Chancellor Gerhard Schrder #39;s ruling Social Democrats were dealt a heavy blow yesterday by voters in two east German states where anger at high unemployment and economic reforms 
The political future of Northern Ireland remains uncertain after the failure of three days of negotiations between Unionists and republicans which ended in acrimony at the weekend.
Kampala - Ugandan helicopter gunships and ground troops attacked a rebel hideout in southern Sudan, killing at least 25 insurgents and capturing seven others, an army spokesperson said on Sunday.
Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer browser continues to lose users to rivals such as Firefox and Opera, a Web analytics firm said Thursday.
LONDON: Chelsea were held to a 0-0 home draw by Tottenham Hotspur yesterday and remain two points behind champions Arsenal in second place after the weekends Premier League action.
Martin rushed for 119 yards and two touchdowns to become the New York Jets  #39; all-time leading rusher as the Jets posted a 34-28 victory over the San Diego Chargers .
Crude oil prices may fall this week as companies including Royal Dutch/Shell Group restart platforms and tankers resume shipments in the Gulf of Mexico after Hurricane Ivan 
