Reuters - PepsiCo Inc. , the world's No.\2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose\due to tax benefits.
A federal judge in New York ruled that a key component of the USA Patriot Act is unconstitutional because it allows the FBI to demand information from Internet service providers without judicial oversight or public review.
TUI, Europe's largest travel firm, is cutting 800 jobs at its UK businesses - Thomson Holidays, Lunn Poly and Brittania Airways.
 The world's No. 2 soft drink company said on Thursday  quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits.
InBev, the world #39;s largest brewer by volume, said Thursday it had acquired total control of the Chinese beer business of Malaysia Lion Group.
The UK was today on course to become the second largest market for clothing retailer Hennes  amp; Mauritz after turnover climbed 16 over the summer.
The Houston Astros pushed closer to a playoff berth, winning their club-record 15th straight home game by beating the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-4, last night.
China wants Canada to hand over the 44 people, believed to be North Korean asylum seekers, who scaled the spiked fence to break into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.
A spate of car bombings rocked Baghdad on Thursday, killing more than 20 people, including a US soldier and two Iraqi police officers, according to Iraqi and US officials.
A man with an ax injured the two pilots on a Norwegian domestic flight Wednesday before being dragged screaming from the cockpit by fellow passengers.
Before Pakistan #39;s President General Pervez Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met last Friday in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly 
The Arab TV network Al-Jazeera is showing footage of six Iraqis, two Lebanese and two Indonesian women. The Islamic Army in Iraq is claiming responsibility.
The son of a high-ranking trade official in Vietnam is arrested on fraud allegations.
Insurgents escalated the violence in Iraq Thursday morning as separate bombing incidents killed dozens of people, including three American soldiers.
The health and beauty retailer Boots today warned of a difficult outlook for the crucial Christmas period, sending its shares down almost 5 in early trade.
TORONTO - Imperial Oil is moving its corporate headquarters to Calgary from Toronto, a shift that could see up to 500 people relocated.
A man died from asthma after being bitten several times by his pet hamster in a city north of Tokyo, the Mainichi Shimbun reported Tuesday.
While Wayne Rooney #39;s debut hat-trick against Fenerbahce made all the headlines, it was not the only reason for Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson to be cheerful.
Insurgents have detonated two bombs near a convoy of US military vehicles in southern Baghdad, killing at least 16 people, Iraqi police say.
US officials say Syria has agreed to tighten its border with Iraq to prevent insurgents from entering the country. The State Department says Syria agreed to coordinate with Iraqi and multinational forces.
The United Nations Special Rapporteur on violence against women, Yakin Erturk, is visiting Sudan to examine the situation of women in the conflict-ridden African country.
The Arabic television channel al-Jazeera has broadcast footage of what it says is a militant group claiming to have seized 10 new hostages in Iraq.
Microsoft begins a legal bid to have a European Commission anti-monopoly ruling temporarily suspended.
More data now passes through the UK's key net hub in London than any other on the planet.
Tom Jarrett, the new president of the National Association of State Chief Information Officers will discuss challenges facing state government information technology officials. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate the discussion.
Former MP3 impresario Michael Robertson tells CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos why "free" need not be a dirty word.
Despite a literally screwy launch, the spacecraft pulls off a successful flight, leaving one more between it and \$10 million.
India reports success, while Venezuela fears fraud. What can the United States learn?
Regardless, space competitions are poised to become big business.
Microsoft Corp. asked a judge to suspend the European Commission's antitrust ruling against it on Thursday, arguing that secrets revealed now cannot be retracted.
Bad weather hit sales at Boots in the first half, while margins felt the pressure from price cuts made to combat stiffening competition, Britain #39;s biggest health and beauty retailer says.
A group of industry veterans are aiming to become the  quot;Dell of the software industry quot; by creating a company dedicated to supporting Open Source software.
Australia captain Ricky Ponting was ruled out of the first two cricket Tests against India next month because of a fractured left thumb.
The Chicago Cubs were one strike from a key victory, but wound up with another agonizing defeat that damaged their drive to the playoffs.
A car rammed into the entrance gate of Japan #39;s lower house of Parliament on Thursday and burst into flames. There were no immediate reports of injuries.
AP - Israel's defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.
An artificial version of the pigment that gives tomatoes their colouring could help treat prostate cancer, say researchers.
TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices receding, North American stock markets seem poised to advance Thursday, the last day of the financial third quarter for many corporations.
Oil prices held steady Thursday, with worries over the security of Nigerian supplies lending support despite an unexpected expansion in US crude inventories.
A new start-up offering certification, testing and distribution of existing open-source software could become the Dell of the software industry.
_ A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is hospitalized in Kansas City after being shot in the leg on the team bus after last night #39;s game.
The Indian defence minister, Pranab Mukherjee, has revealed that Indian and Pakistani military experts may soon discuss the Siachen issue.
Tucked away in the bottom left corner of the United States, the San Diego Chargers were easy to either forget or dismiss as the blueprint for NFL ineptitude.
The promise of a regional sports network that would televise Expos and Orioles games and funnel revenue to Peter Angelos enabled Washington to get the Expos.
The International Monetary Fund approves a \$436m emergency reconstruction loan for Iraq, the first loan from an international body.
PepsiCo, the world's No. 2 soft drink company, said quarterly profit rose due to tax benefits and a strong performance from its Frito-Lay snack business.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has approved an emergency loan of \$436m (232m) to Iraq, the first from an international organisation.
The Montreal Expos, the first Major League Baseball team based outside of the US, lost to the Florida Marlins 9-1 in the their final home game in Canada.
Video footage of 10 more hostages kidnapped in Iraq was today broadcast on the al-Jazeera television channel as the British government again said it would not negotiate to free Kenneth Bigley.
Gurkhas, who have served with British army for nearly 200 years, won a landmark battle on Thursday to be able to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Rangers midfielder Stephen Hughes insists manager Alex McLeish will lose no time in stamping out his sides unfortunate new habit of conceding early goals.
Retief Goosen showed great class to take the Nedbank Golf Challenge on Sunday, when a closing 69 gave him victory by six clear shots.
Merck (MRK) said Thursday that it is withdrawing its arthritis drug Vioxx globally following indications that the drug raises the risk of heart attack and stroke.
Microsoft announced that Windows XP Starter Edition would be made available here early next year and at the same time Gartner has sent out a warning about XPSE.
With the next-generation DVD race hotting up, Sony says that it will begin sampling optical pick-ups featuring blue laser diodes in December this year.
Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s biggest maker of phone equipment, said it will pare 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than it had predicted last month.
WASHINGTON -- Canada #39;s loss is a capital gain. After three years of uncertainty, the Montreal Expos will have a new home in Washington.
Israel #39;s defense minister decided Thursday to launch a large-scale military operation in the Gaza Strip to stop Palestinian rocket fire on Israeli border towns, an Israeli radio station reported.
PC World - More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
In Major League Baseball action Wednesday, the Anaheim Angels took a one-game lead in the American League West Division by beating the Texas Rangers, 8-7.
A division winner faced a division leader when the Twins played a doubleheader Wednesday in Yankee Stadium. However, it wasn #39;t exactly a playoff preview.
Syria has agreed to tighten security along its borders with Iraq to block rebels from crossing into its neighbor country, a US Embassy official said Thursday.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Only slightly if at all
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents killed at least 44 people,  most of them children, and wounded 200 with a series of car  bombs across Iraq Thursday.
US President George W Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are preparing for a key TV debate.
A British Airways flight has made an unscheduled landing at Amsterdam's Schipol Airport.
A hearing into allegations of racism against the Zimbabwe Cricket Union is scrapped after a row over procedure.
Some 28 people are charged with trying to overthrow Sudan's President Bashir, reports say.
The UK firm behind a space tug designed to extend the lifetimes of satellites, says it is confident of closing a deal on a commercial flight.
Three car bombs were set off near an American military convoy in western Baghdad today, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens.
Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
Company also unveils a device that allows digital photographers to bypass the PC.
Attack largely unsuccessful, but security experts warn of more to come.
Hit with soaring gasoline prices, consumers shut their wallets in August, keeping overall spending flat after a revised 1.1 percent jump in the previous month.
PepsiCo Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 soft- drink maker, said third-quarter earnings increased 35 percent, spurred by surging demand overseas.
California - The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to the sky next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize.
com September 30, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.
Top-seeded Spain plays at Slovakia, while No. 2 United States hosts Croatia in the opening round of next year #39;s Davis Cup World Group.
This morning, Michael Rogers (Australia) received his 2003 World Championship Time Trial gold medal and rainbow jersey from UCI chief Hein Verbruggen.
The arthritis drug Vioxx, used by millions of people around the world, is being pulled off the market after a study confirmed long-standing concerns that it raises 
The US Department of Justice launched an investigation of accounting services the American International Group Inc. provided to PNC that may have violated securities laws, the company said.
A British Airways flight from Berlin to London has made an unscheduled landing at Amsterdam #39;s Schiphol airport as a security precaution, the airline says.
Insurgents have detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in Baghdad, killing 41 people, 34 of them children, and wounding scores.
At least three bombs exploded near a US convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 34 children and three adults, a hospital official said.
IBM yesterday announced that a prototype supercomputer had surpassed the computing power of the NEC Earth Simulator in Japan, currently the world #39;s most powerful machine.
Petco Park turned a few Padres hitters into head cases early this season. On the flip side, the Padres have became one-run monsters in their \$474 million home.
Murphy, who went to the San Francisco Giants game when Barry Bonds hit his 700th homer Sept. 17, is suing Steve Williams. According to a story on ESPN.
On Wednesday, 44 North Korean defectors entered the Canadian Embassy in Beijing. There are points worth noting regarding the timing and size of this incident.
British housing market grew slightly for the second month in succession in September, showing further evidence of checking effects by five interest rates hikes since last November 
Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the 
AP - The Institute of Medicine had recommendations for several groups to help stem childhood obesity:
&lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; Anoop Gupta
Reuters - Elections will go ahead in Iraq next\January as planned, despite the violence ravaging the country,\interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Thursday.
NATIONAL Foods hauled up the auction flag yesterday signalling that the Australian dairy giant could change hands for \$1.81 billion.
AP - Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.
IBM is considering pulling out of the personal computer business it founded - a sign of a big change in the way companies buy computers and a shift of power in the PC industry.
AFP - The right by homosexual couples to adopt children will reportedly be added to draft legislation legalizing gay marriages to be adopted Friday by Spain's Socialist government.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - When it comes to world affairs, nobody speaks for Canada except Canada, says Intergovernmental Affairs Minister Lucienne Robillard.
Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
US diplomats tell Serbia-Montenegrin leaders it is in their best interests to hand over top war crimes suspects.
Tens of thousands of people attend a rally called by the left-wing rebel  People's War Group in southern India.
US scientists fear a surge in activity at the Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state might be a sign it is on the verge of erupting.
Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Bombs exploded near a U.S. convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said...
THE International Monetary Fund forecast yesterday a substantial jump in economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa this year and next, saying the outlook for the region was better than in years.
US consumer spending, a key pillar of the nation #39;s economy, was flat in August as Americans reacted to surging gasoline prices.
Telecommunications equipment maker Nortel Networks will not lay off as many employees as it previously predicted, the company said Thursday.
A judge is set to rule in two weeks on a case involving three UK former bankers fighting extradition to the United States over alleged fraud charges involving Enron executives.
BRUANDWO has bowed to the inevitable and drastically raised its bid for Victorian pubs group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality.
TROY, Mich. -- Auto-parts maker Intermet Corp. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, blaming soaring prices for scrap steel and other raw materials.
AP - Andy Roddick needed seven match points before finally putting away Jeff Morrison 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4 Thursday to reach the Thailand Open quarterfinals.
Currently, the NEC-assembled Earth Simulator in Yokohama, Japan is ranked at number one, with its 5,120 processors recording an operating speed of 35.
Microsoft has named India as the next market for its stripped-down version of XP, with shipping expected to begin early next year.
Every week, it seems, I see another announcement about one of the two competing blue-laser-based optical disc formats. The latest news is from the HD-DVD camp.
Just over a year ago, the recording industry unleashed its first barrage of lawsuits against people who share music online - a move that appeared to curtail illegal file swapping briefly.
Hoping to find the same success in the contact center as it found with the sales force, Salesforce.com today added Supportforce.com to its application arsenal.
Major League Baseball is back in the nation #39;s capital for the first time since the Washington Senators team moved to Texas and became the Rangers in 1971.
France coach Raymond Domenech made a last-ditch plea with Zinedine Zidane and Lilian Thuram, asking them to rejoin the team for two crucial games.
_ Cleveland pitcher Kyle Denney was slightly wounded in the leg late last night, on the team bus as it left Kauffman Stadium for Kansas City International Airport.
BANGKOK The Thai wife of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said Thursday that newly released video footage of her husband had buoyed her hopes for his safe return.
Bombs exploded near a US convoy in western Baghdad on Thursday, killing 35 children and seven adults, a hospital official said. Hours 
Nortel reduced layoffs by 250, as the company details plans to cut expenses
The company on Thursday will take the wraps off three new configurable desktops.
Reuters - Auto retailer Carmax Inc. \reported record third-quarter sales on Monday and said used-car\sales had strengthened considerably since the spring and\summer.
Russia #39;s Natural Resources Ministry has postponed consideration of whether to suspend the licenses of the main subsidiary of the troubled giant oil firm Yukos.
(Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins try to get back on the winning track when they conclude their three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium.
AFP - Swedish fashion retailer Hennes and Mauritz posted a rise in profits for the third quarter, saying its price-cut strategy had paid off.
The company is moving along a dual track -- growth through acquisitions and organic efforts.
In a decision that eventually may affect millions of workers, IBM says it will pay \$320 million to settle part of a pension plan lawsuit.
The Justice Department has opened an investigation into possible accounting fraud by the mortgage giant Fannie Mae. The criminal inquiry, still in a preliminary stage, came 
Business activity in the US Midwest expanded in September at a faster-than-expected rate, hinting that the economy is climbing out of its summer slow patch, a report showed on Thursday.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Semiconductor stocks rose Thursday as a chip trade group announced global August sales that showed an expected slowing of growth.
If you are an equipment manufacturer, parts supplier or content provider, the question has unquestionably been posed to you before.
The packaging and shipping company plans to upgrade readers it #39;s testing to the next-generation, multiprotocol technology. By Elena Malykhina.
France coach Raymond Domenech has kept faith with Arsenal duo Thierry Henry and Robert Pires for the World Cup qualifiers against Ireland and Cyprus.
What seemed like the perfect football marriage is suddenly splitting at the seams. Ajax and Ronald Koeman are no longer a couple, although they still live in the same apartment.
The pan-Arab al-Jazeera TV channel showed a videotape Thursday of 10 hostages held by Islamic militants in Iraq. An extremist Islamic group calling itself the Islamic Army 
AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed separate legislation designed to combat spyware and the illegal online swapping of copyright material.
The US Department of Justice is considering whether to conduct a criminal investigation into accounting fraud at Fannie Mae, the biggest US mortgage finance company, and has yet to 
Sharp will make its first play for the living room PC space later this year with a machine that looks less like a computer and more like a consumer electronics product.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has faxed a letter to UEFA pleading with them not to punish his old club Porto after he was spat at by a visiting fan at Stamford Bridge.
INTER Milan coach Roberto Mancini saw his decision to leave out superstar striker Christian Vieri pay dividends this morning when his side eased past Anderlecht 3-1.
France coach Raymond Domenech called up Juventus defender Jonathan Zebina for the first time to his squad for next month #39;s World Cup Group Four qualifiers against Ireland and Cyprus.
Jim Mora gathered his team for its first meeting in late March and built a fire. A lot of new coaches do that and six months later there are just embers.
PepsiCo Inc. will close four Frito-Lay factories by the end of the year, as it moves to streamline production, the company said Thursday.
The US Commerce Department said Thursday personal income posted its biggest increase in three months in August. The government agency also said personal spending was unchanged after rising strongly in July.
Microsoft has tailored its Windows XP Starter Edition for the Indian market, giving it a Hindi interface, as well as help and training resources in that language.
The British Grand Prix has been dropped from the provisional calendar of Formula One races for next year, media reports said Thursday.
AYEAR ago Porto were champions of Europe and Jose Mourinho was their hero. Their champion. This morning, many of those fans were at Stamford Bridge.
Business activity in the US Midwest expanded in September at a faster rate than expected, with employment growing in step with a jump in new orders, a report showed Thursday.
The Commerce Department says personal spending was flat, while incomes surged four-tenths of one percent, marking the biggest increase in three months.
Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver #39;s assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
Scientists believe they have tracked down the origin of a low-frequency "hum" that emanates from the Earth.
Russian economic growth is unlikely to suffer because of government support for the Kyoto Protocol on climate change, a leading analyst says.
Three UK bankers must wait until the middle of October to see if they will be extradited to the US over an Enron-related case.
The Renault driver won the Race of Champions at the Stade de France last weekend against illustrious opposition!
India's government drops foreign advisors from its top economic policy body after opposition from left-wing parties.
Sun releases Java 2 Standard Edition 5.0, intended to make Java programs run faster and take less time to build.
Tesco will use the technology in more stores, focusing this time on tracking cases and pallets, rather than individual items.
A century-old tariff should not be extended to Internet phone calls, the companies say.
Will invest \$30 million on bringing software developers in five Asian countries into their fold.
New Windows-based computer doubles as a TV and a digital video recorder.
Auto-parts maker Intermet Corp. has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, blaming soaring prices for scrap steel and other raw materials.
Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition, which is aimed at desktop PCs in developing-world markets, is to be made available in India and Russia.
Second-seeded Jiri Novak reached the Shanghai Open quarterfinals with a 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-1 victory Thursday over Melle Van Gemerden.
In the age old battle between open source and closed source operating systems and applications, can either of them really be considered more secure than the other?
AP - John Edwards says voters should know that religion is important to him and to presidential candidate John Kerry but the issue shouldn't be used to divide people in the election.
Drug company Merck has removed its painkiller Vioxx because of data showing an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
Patent office rejects one of four patents on File Allocation Table format for Windows, though Microsoft can appeal.\
Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.
Auto parts maker Intermet Corp. (INMT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, citing a record rise 
Red Hat kicked off its analyst day in New York today by announcing its was going to acquire parts of the Netscape Enterprise solution from AOL.
Tiger Woods has vowed to play on despite being plagued by a sore back in his opening round of the WGC-Amex championship in Ireland.
Too many of us are going whole hog, so General Mills is going whole grain.
Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled new and reworked business-intelligence tools that provide capabilities ranging from self-service report building for non-techs to mining information from data flows outside of a database.
Tiger Woods battled through back pain to stay in touch with the lead as fellow American Todd Hamilton set the pace in the WGC-American Express Championship first round on Thursday.
Texas Tech and Oklahoma meet for the 12th time this Saturday, with the Red Raiders traveling to Norman to take on the No. 2 Sooners.
For parents, the list of those arrested in Australia #39;s biggest child pornography bust makes sobering reading. Teachers, doctors, health workers, police officers and the owner of three Melbourne 
The sports and celebrity management firm which represents clients such as Tiger Woods and Elizabeth Hurley is to be sold to a buyout specialist, it emerged today.
Microsoft unveiled plans Wednesday to integrate business intelligence reporting into the next version of SQL Server, placing new reporting tools in the hands of end users.
Motorsport.com. There was bad news for the British Grand Prix on September 30th, as the 2005 provisional F1 calendar does not feature Silverstone.
A pitcher for the Cleveland Indians is recovering from a shooting after Wednesday nights game. Rookie Kyle Denney was struck in his calf.
A woman allegedly raped during her childhood on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn has said men were given free rein to treat young girls as sexual playthings.
Lot, Poland's national airline, could float on the Polish stock market as early as next spring, the company has said.
IBM (Quote, Chart) has agreed to pay \$300 million to settle most of the claims in a class action lawsuit related to its pension plan, the company announced today.
NEW YORK, September 30 (newratings.com) - Global semiconductor sales increased to \$18.2 billion in August this year, representing 34.
Microsoft has told the European Court of First Instance that it should not have to share information with its competitors, arguing that revealing its secret would harm it irreparably.
The European Union #39;s incoming industry chief warned Thursday against protectionist leanings of some European governments, as well as fears about new EU member states abusing their position.
AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services 
When Scott Richards is at his home in Portland, Ore., he taps into the Internet using a broadband connection from his office about five miles away.
Valencia, Spain (Sports Network) - Valencia winger Vicente Rodriguez will be out for at least two weeks after spraining his ankle Wednesday.
A group of Iraqi children had just run across to US troops for sweets at a neighbourhood celebration in Baghdad when the first of three bombs exploded, killing at least 35 youngsters.
Flash memory company SanDisk is offering a one-two punch with new CF, Memory Stick, and SD cards offering greater speed and capacity.
Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp on Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced a recall Thursday of Amana, Trane and American Standard combination air conditioner/heat pumps that can overheat and catch fire.
Starting tomorrow, AT amp;T Corp. will sell its residential VoIP service for \$5 less than an earlier promotional offer as it prepares for the holiday sales season.
Business activity in the US Midwest grew in September at a faster-than-expected rate, hinting that the economy is climbing out of its summer slow patch, a report showed on Thursday.
com September 30, 2004, 11:11 AM PT. SanDisk announced Thursday increased capacities for several different flash memory cards. The Sunnyvale, Calif.
General Mills Inc. on Thursday said it will begin using whole grains in all of its breakfast cereals, including such well-known brands as Lucky Charms and Trix, becoming 
Buyout firm Forstmann Little  amp; Co. Thursday said it would buy International Management Group, a leading talent agency that represents major sports and entertainment stars.
Red Hat to incorporate Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System into products to help customers integrate desktops with a networkwide set of computing services.
AP - Being the biggest dog may pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large may be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
As he steps into the palace, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono must address the unrealistic expectation that he should show substantial achievements within his first 100 days in office.
At least nine workers were killed and 10 others injured Thursday in an explosion believed to have been triggered by some explosive materials brought as scrap in a steel factory in Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.
AP - The government will begin issuing forecasts Friday of red tides  #151; harmful blooms of algae  #151; in the Gulf of Mexico.
AFP - The Italian government's public offer of shares in electricity company ENEL will run from October 18-22, the economy and finance ministry said.
The EU and environmental groups hail the Russian cabinet's decision to back the Kyoto climate change treaty.
Companies brace for privacy debate as potentially intrusive applications arrive faster than expected.
A jury decides the Office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
U.S. Postal Service refuses to extend Stamps.com's PhotoStamps customized stamp service.
roundupThere's no question retailers love RFID. But will problems of privacy and unreliability prove to be too great?
Company boosts John Chambers' base salary to \$350,000--up from a mere \$1. 
Lucent hopes Riverstone's Ethernet switches and routers will help it round out its product lineup.
Robert Pepper is the FCC's chief of policy development--and that makes him a very influential man in Washington these days.
In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone offer, the company reduces rates and offers new customers a month free.
Company quadruples the amount of storage on its Ultra II line of cards.
Glitches in the new edition of the personal finance software keep some folks from paying their bills.
NTT DoCoMo unveils a prototype micro fuel cell that recharges mobile phones.
Mortgage rates edged up slightly this week, putting an end to a two-week decline, according to surveys conducted by mortgage buyer Freddie Mac and Bankrate.
One of the things that separates college football from the NFL is the diversity of offensive schemes that you see every week. The triple option is unique to college football and it will be showcased 
A car bomb killed one US soldier and two Iraqi police at a checkpoint near Abu Ghraib on Thursday morning. Separately, Iraqi police reported numerous injuries and some deaths in two 
AFP - Sweden returned to Aboriginal elders the remains of 15 of their ancestors taken from Australia for scientific research a century ago.
AP - Lawmakers, fighting among themselves and with the White House, have given up trying to pass highway and welfare bills this year that held the promise of tens of thousands of jobs.
The US Attorney General says a court ruling attacking the Patriot Act as unconstitutional is likely to go to appeal. 
Twenty-three Palestinians and three Israelis were killed as Israel's army struck back after a rocket attack.
US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is in talks to buy leading British hedge fund 
The British Grand Prix has been dropped from the provisional calendar of Formula One races for next year, media reports said Thursday.
Rookie tight end Kellen Winslow Jr., out for the season with a broken right leg, was placed on the Cleveland Browns' crowded injured reserve list Thursday.
AOL Instant Messenger message directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous images.
Federal prosecutors in Washington, DC, have opened an investigation into possible wrongdoing at mortgage giant Fannie Mae, just days after regulators accused the company 
Microsoft Corp. said in court Thursday that it had been prepared during settlement talks to share more software code with its rivals than the European Union ultimately demanded.
High-flying oil climbed back over \$50 a barrel this evening, with worries over the security of Nigerian supply supporting prices despite a surprise build in US crude inventories.
Apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction - as is shown in a new study of a 
Future online entrepreneurs could log on to see business plans, marketing documents, and other documents from dot-coms launched in the  #39;90s.
Champion Tiger Woods battled through back pain to stay in touch with the lead as fellow American Todd Hamilton set the pace in the WGC-American Express Championship first round on Thursday.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Indians front office wants to find out why one of its players got shot on the team bus Wednesday night in Kansas City.
As if playing a divisional opponent was not enough motivation for the New England Patriots this week, they will be shooting to tie the NFL record for most consecutive 
Brazilian legend Pele has suggested that footballers in his native country should go on strike in opposition to late payments and other issues.
Three bombs exploded at a Baghdad ceremony celebrating the opening of a new sewage system, killing 35 children and seven adults, officials said.
One of two Italian women freed from captivity in Iraq said Thursday they feared for their lives throughout their three-week abduction, despite 
After Coca-Cola reduces earnings guidance, Pepsi raises its outlook and beats Q2 estimates.
PC World - Linux maker acquires security, authentication tools from AOL.
Reuters - Illegal poaching and demand from\Western zoos are fueling the extinction of the Asian elephant,\animal welfare groups said Thursday.
AP - Three of every four Palestinians live in poverty and their economy still depends on donors, despite 4.5 percent economic growth last year, the United Nations said on Wednesday.
Bush Administration seeks upbeat reports, will 'curtail' bad news. 
AP - Rick Fox retired Thursday, ending a 13-year pro career during which he was part of three NBA championship teams with the Los Angeles Lakers.
AP - The NFL will hear Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith's appeal of a pending four-game suspension next week.
Charlotte Bobcats: Primoz Brezec has signed a contract extension with the Bobcats, who selected him from the Pacers in the expansion draft.
Are you ready for some football? Allow me to tell you who is most assuredly ready: Tennessee coaches, players and fans are ready, and Auburn coaches, players and fans.
Day one of a two-day hearing focuses on whether the software juggernaut should have to share information with rivals.
Two Italian women taken hostage in Iraq said the fear of being killed haunted their captivity despite kindness from their kidnappers who showed them respect because of their charity work.
While desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is piling up in a warehouse guarded by UN peacekeepers.
Security company Digimarc gets \$1 million to push state drivers' licenses with "covert watermarks."
A note sent through AOL's popular instant-messaging software directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous graphics.
Upcoming Pentium 4 Extreme Edition chips will support a 1066-MHz front-side bus.
US lawmakers asked the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday to investigate recent disclosures of improper mutual fund sales practices on military bases.
An announcement that AT amp;T would drop its prices for its VoIP CallVantage Service, its popular residential broadband phone service, from \$34.
Beaverton-based Digimarc Corp. and the federal government have entered into an ID authentication pilot project the company said is worth about \$1 million.
Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
Juventus striker Alessandro Del Piero has sustained an Achilles tendon injury that will rule him out for two weeks. The Italian international will miss the World Cup qualifiers against Slovenia and Belarus 
A controversial project near a Mexican archeological site yields another snootful of bad P.R. for Wal-Mart.
Nortel Networks Corp. on Thursday said it would cut fewer jobs than announced in August as part of the effort to improve its financial condition.
The software maker has filed a claim over its per-employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, News.com has learned.
US cereal maker General Mills is planning to make all of its cereals with whole grains, in an effort to cater to more health-conscious breakfast eaters.
update A price war is brewing in the world of Internet telephone services, as providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
Tiger Woods pursed his lips and cursed under his breath as he stood over his first tee shot, feeling spasms in his back and knowing the sharp pain that was coming with each shot.
Tony Blair is to be admitted to hospital on Friday  for a procedure to correct a heart problem.
Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry handheld device and other mobile products, on Thursday said its second-quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
German-American auto maker DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it will invest \$210 million to update an assembly plant in the northern Mexican state of Coahuila.
PLAYSTATION 3 will use the Blu-ray Disc format, while a new, slimmer PlayStation 2 will go on sale internationally early in November.
Chelsea #39;s 3-1 win against FC Porto was not owner Roman Abramovich #39;s only reason to smile after Champions League action on Wednesday.
Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the UEFA Cup with a striking master-class in Tel Aviv.
The years of failure for the Cubs always seem to come with an indelible image that serves as a harsh reminder of what might have been.
After a meeting with Secretary of State Colin Powell, China #39;s top diplomat accused the United States on Thursday of endangering peace in the Taiwan Straits by selling weapons to Taiwan.
UNITED NATIONS : A UN envoy told the Security Council that widespread war crimes likely had taken place in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region.
More than a third of those surveyed said they had a greater chance of being struck by lightning than of being hit by malicious code.
The Internet phone service providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
Man pleads guilty to spamming people through unprotected hot spots, again raising concerns about risks of open-access Wi-Fi.
TiVo CEO Mike Ramsay resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently rolled out an Intranet that has helped it handle overflow processing for hurricane disaster relief.
A router and clients for both notebooks and desktops can provide Wi-Fi connectivity over either of two unlicensed radio bands.
FedEx said today that it will use software from Opsware Inc. to help it make the most of its IT resources.
Two carriers plan hosted, IP-based services that provide automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, call control, monitoring and customer-history databases.
Red Hat Inc. is adding Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System to its software arsenal through a \$25 million deal with America Online Inc.
BERKELEY, Calif. -- The University of California at Berkeley and the government of Samoa have agreed to split profits from any AIDS drug researchers develop from a rainforest tree.
. - As soon as Monday, Burt Rutan could send his split-tailed space guppy past the envelope of blue sky for the second 
Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said on Wednesday that it will offer its CallVantage Internet-based phone service at consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc.
Apple says it will deliver its iTunes music service to more European countries next month. Corroborating several reports in recent months, Reuters is reporting today that Apple Computer is planning the next 
Despite speakers at the EPCglobal US conference talking up the benefits of radio frequency identification, many US companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt RFID technology.
Bernie Ecclestone has launched a stinging attack on Silverstone #39;s owners after dumping the British Grand Prix from the Formula One calendar.
AFP - Rangers clinched a place in the lucrative group stages of the UEFA Cup with penalties deciding their first round match against CS Maritimo.
Socialists want to bolster Spain's church-state barrier.
Over 100,000 refugees in Zambia will have their food rations cut by half due to lack of money, the UN says.
Gregory Vignal's penalty sends Rangers into the Uefa Cup group stage after a nail-biting 120 minutes at Ibrox.
In the hours before tonight's debate, President Bush comforted Floridians, while John Kerry got some last-minute advice.
Shares of financial services stocks on Thursday generally shrugged off a Securities and Exchange Commission action against Raymond James Financial Services Inc.
Is open source becoming the dumping ground for no-longer-wanted software, sort of like a Salvation Army dropoff point for programs instead of old clothes?
The impact radio-frequency identification has throughout an entire supply chain is top of mind for a number of companies experimenting with the technology.
Tiger Woods produced one of the most remarkable rounds of his glittering career yesterday. A four-under-par 68 on the first day of the AmEx World Championship at Mount Juliet 
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Blackhawks forward Tuomo Ruutu will undergo surgery Friday to repair a subluxation of his left shoulder.
AP - The point guard thought he was great. The general manager had no comment. Dennis Rodman himself? He thinks the Denver Nuggets could really use a guy like him.
The leader of a militia group from the southern oil-rich region of Nigeria says talks between government officials and rebels continued in Abuja late into the evening on Thursday.
AP - Some players at the 84 Lumber Classic thought they were getting a perk unlike any other on the PGA Tour. They wound up with a flight they won't soon forget.
Cincinnati Reds slugger Adam Dunn set the major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first two at-bats Thursday against the Chicago Cubs.
The taste for oil is growing faster in China than anywhere else in the world, making it the second biggest importer after the US.
Eurostar describes talks with the RMT union aimed at averting strike action as "very constructive".
Mexico expects to double automobile capacity in 10 years, attracting investment of as much as \$10 billion from foreign automakers, Economy Minister Fernando Canales said in an interview.
AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
AFP - France has sent a senior foreign ministry official to the Jordanian capital Amman as part of efforts to secure the release of two French hostages in Iraq, the ministry announced.
AP - Frantic doctors tended to patients on a blood-smeared hospital floor and operated on cafeteria tables, as medics rushed in with more wounded and mangled bodies.
Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The B.C. government will hold its first byelection since being elected in 2001 on Oct. 28.
Shots are fired at a protest in Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince as looting impedes the relief effort flood hit Gonaives.
Russia's first race hate murder trial ends in long jail terms for three men who killed an African medical student.
David Eldon will retire next year as chairman of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp. Ltd. and the Hang Seng Bank, HSBC Group said Monday.
Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry handheld device and other mobile products, on Thursday said its second-quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
A European Union judge will weigh on Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its Windows operating software 
Red Hat Inc. announced Thursday that it has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online Inc. to acquire its Netscape Security Solutions software assets.
An Apple executive has told Reuters that the company will expand its European iTunes Music Store next month. Apple Vice President Eddie Cue told the news service that Apple plans to cover 
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Thursday night he will go into hospital Friday and stay overnight for a procedure to correct irregular heartbeats.
Dozens of children were killed yesterday when three car bombs exploded in a coordinated attack in Baghdad that left 44 people dead and more than 200 injured.
Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet has undergone psychiatric tests to determine if he is fit to stand trial for alleged human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
Australian police have charged almost 200 people -- including child care workers, doctors and teachers - - in the nation #39;s largest crackdown on child pornography.
AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a "Pops" fan as most everyone else.
Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff -- and a much bigger hit by Bobby Crosby.
Javier Valentin doubled in the go-ahead run with two outs in the 12th inning and the Cincinnati Reds played spoiler again.
A 4-under 68 left Tiger Woods two shots behind British Open champion Todd Hamilton after one painful round in the American Express Championship.
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft Corp.'s popular instant messaging client.
Forget the mayhem in Iraq, the presidential elections, even last night #39;s candidates #39; debate. A banner headline yesterday in The Washington Post proclaimed the only news in 
The United States is calling on international lending institutions to reform their ways of operating so that they can give more aid to poor nations.
IMG Group, the agency behind Tiger Woods, Liz Hurley, James Brown and Michael Schumacher, is being sold to a New York investment house for an estimated 400m.
For the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. On Thursday, officials of Louisville, Colo.
The US Patent Trademark Office has rejected all claims to patents for a Windows file format held by Microsoft. Under a reexamination process initiated earlier this year by the recently formed Public Patent 
Japanese mobile network operator NTT DoCoMo announced on Thursday that it has developed a prototype micro fuel cell that will recharge a third-generation mobile phone.
A good Lazio side had no difficulty in administrating the second leg of the Uefa Cup first round in order to qualify to the next stage.
The most important thing to remember when looking at the strengths and weaknesses of South Carolina as opposed to the strengths and weaknesses of Alabama is that nothing South Carolina Coach Lou Holtz can be believed.
AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
But shares fall in after-hours trading even though the company reports a sharply higher 2Q profit. TORONTO (Reuters) - Research In Motion Ltd.
IMG, the sports and celebrity management group that represents such star names as Tiger Woods, Michael Schumacher and Elizabeth Hurley has been sold, it announced.
Faced with mountains of inventory, quick thinking by some semiconductor manufacturers helped the market avoid its first decrease in chip sales since the war in Iraq began.
AP - Scientists hoping to study the ancient skeleton known as Kennewick Man are protesting a bill by Colorado Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell that they say could block their efforts.
US and Iraqi forces begin a major operation against rebels in Iraq's northern city of Samarra, reports say.
Labour wins the Hartlepool by-election with a reduced majority, as the Conservatives are beaten into fourth place.
Kansas City Royals: Left-hander Jimmy Gobble was scratched from his start against the White Sox after an MRI revealed a problem in his lower back.
Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.
ROME About 400 illegal immigrants landed on the Italian island of Lampedusa overnight, officials said Thursday, the latest in a wave of landings that has angered the government.
Rookie Kyle Denney was hit in the calf by a shot that came through the side of the Indians' bus Wednesday as the team traveled to the airport after a victory over the Royals.
At least four explosive devices detonated Monday around Spain after telephone warnings from callers claiming to speak on behalf of the armed Basque separatist group ETA, news report said.
PC World - Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
If you've got a blog and a job, beware. The two sometimes don't go together, as many ex-workers are finding out. By Rachel Metz.
AP - Experts dragged sensors from boats and divers scooped soil from the ocean bottom Thursday, looking for radioactive clues to the location of a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose on Friday after a closely  watched Bank of Japan (BOJ) survey showed further improvement  in Japanese business sentiment.
Sun backs an EU standards push for interoperability between office software. Microsoft says it's already there.
Privatisation and trade liberalisation policies foisted on developing countries in return for financial help are often bad for the poor, according to a confidential government paper.
Microsoft was close to a deal with the European Commission earlier this year which would have revealed more of its secrets than it has now been ordered to hand over, a court was told yesterday.
The Blues defeated FC Porto 3-1 at Stamford Bridge, while CSKA Moscow, the club sponsored by the Russian billionaire, won 2-0 at home to Paris Saint Germain.
BUDAPEST -- One man was stabbed in violence before the UEFA Cup tie between Hungarian champions Ferencvaros and English side Millwall on Thursday.
And Mike Ramsay, TiVo's CEO, resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
PC maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. Digital cameras also a possibility.
Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
New ServGate hardware, starting at less than \$1000, has integrated antivirus, spam filtering, and other security features.
Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - China signed contracts Monday worth nearly  #36;2.1 billion US to buy 23 Airbus jetliners and other German industrial goods.
AP - Dante Hall, Kansas City's All-Pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on Thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
Fred Wilpon, the Mets' owner, on Thursday insisted that Omar Minaya would have 'full autonomy' as the team's new general manager and president of baseball operations.
With a hard single to right field Thursday against the Athletics, the Mariners' Ichiro Suzuki posted his 256th hit of this season.
Quarterback Kerry Collins, who helped lead the Giants to the Super Bowl four years ago, came off the bench to lead the Oakland Raiders to a victory Sunday.
It happens frequently in the NFL The starting quarterback gets hurt, and the backup has to take that nervous jog to the huddle and bark instructions, trying to 
_ Dante Hall, Kansas City #39;s All-Pro kick returner, could only stand on the sideline at practice on Thursday, icing his painfully infected lower lip.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose on Friday after the Bank of  Japan's closely watched "tankan" survey showed further  improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
Merck said that it would stop selling Vioxx, because a study found that it doubled patients' risk of heart attack and strokes.
The United States will spend more than \$500 billion on security this year, a high-water mark that is creating boom times in the armaments industry.
Ziff Davis - Opinion: The ongoing intellectual property fight between Furthermore and Miro shows the need to address possible IP conflicts before they become public or courtroom battles.
CHINA today called for a swift resolution to the Iraqi oil-for-food scandal, saying it wanted to see an independent and objective investigation.
AP - Police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child pornography in Australia's biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said Thursday.
AP - Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John Edwards, the vice presidential candidate, will meet Tuesday at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland for their only debate before the Nov. 2 election.
The bombs called forth a scene of dying children and grieving parents, some of them holding up blood-soaked clothes.
Tape storage king StorageTek puts new pressure on the storage-management market with an acquisition. By Martin J. Garvey. Storage Technology Corp.
Bernie Williams hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning, helping the Yankees clinch their seventh straight A.L. East title with their 100th victory of the season.
Knick Coach Lenny Wilkens steered away from predictions Thursday, but he found more to like than not to like as he surveyed the coming season.
Considered an early Super Bowl contender, the Chiefs come to Baltimore on Monday still looking for their first win.
Miguel Tejada homers and drives in three runs to boost his major league-leading RBI total to 146, and the Orioles cruise past Toronto, 9-3, Thursday night.
The U.S. and top financial institutions indicated that they were closing in on an agreement to forgive the debts of many of the world's poorest countries.
Trade officials failed to resolve their dispute over government subsidies to aircraft manufacturers, especially Airbus and Boeing.
Malaysian carmaker Proton is in talks with Volkswagen about a potential partnership, which could boost the German auto giant #39;s presence in the Southeast Asian market.
A highly touted technique that uses radioactive seeds to clear clogged arteries offers no long-term benefit, according to a new study.
Lusty Koalas in southern Australia are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest home.
There will be police escorts and protection for the Chicago White Sox team buses during their series against the Royals. Kevin Hallinan, Major League Baseball #39;s vice 
Police arrested more than 150 people and seized computers holding more than 2 million images of child pornography in Australia #39;s biggest crackdown yet on child porn, police said Thursday.
The yen rose on Friday after the Bank of Japan #39;s closely watched  quot;tankan quot; survey showed further improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
Mark Buehrle pitched a four-hitter for his fourth complete game of the season, leading the Chicago White Sox over the Kansas City Royals 9-2 Thursday night.
Shares of Merck and Co. plunged nearly 27 percent Thursday on news that the pharmaceutical giant was pulling the popular arthritis pain medication Vioxx off the market.
Consumer spending was flat in August even though incomes rose, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, providing more mixed signals about the economy's recent strength.
A drug company executive who spoke out in support of Montgomery County's proposal to import drugs from Canada and similar legislation before Congress said that his company has launched an investigation into his political activities.
Oil prices may have just hit record levels, but the International Monetary Fund is even more bullish about global economic growth in 2004 than it was six months ago.
HIGH street giant Boots reported a cooling in sales growth today after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
com September 30, 2004, 9:28 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
NTT DoCoMo has developed a prototype methanol fuel cell recharger for demanding mobile phones. The charger relies on a replaceable methanol cartridge and hydrogen 
Jose Mourinho brushed aside sentiment as Chelsea beat his former club, defending champion FC Porto, 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday.
POLICE officers are among more than 150 people charged with about 2000 child sex offences resulting from Australia #39;s biggest crackdown on internet child pornography.
AP - In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Reuters - U.S. forces in Iraq on Friday launched a\big offensive in the rebel stronghold of Samarra and said they\had secured key government and police buildings.
AFP - Once again, Australia's Aboriginal community has been forgotten as the country prepares for a general election, according to its only indigenous senator, Aden Ridgeway.
Philip F. Anschutz, Denver billionaire and DC United investor, yesterday announced the purchase of the Journal Newspapers Inc., the Alexandria publisher of three Washington area suburban daily 
Consumer spending was flat in August even though incomes rose, the Commerce Department reported yesterday, providing more mixed signals about the economy #39;s recent strength.
com. Those numbers each represent something important for the Yankees, who wrapped up the American League East title on Thursday night with a 6-4 win over the Minnesota Twins.
Boots has seen good sales growth across the past six months, but has taken a hit on margins as customers respond enthusiastically to its Lower Prices Youll Love marketing campaign.
Leading open source vendor Red Hat said it will acquire certain security-related assets of Netscape Security Solutions from America Online for US\$25 million.
#NAME?
President Bush said he had acted aggressively to protect the U.S., and John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.
HIGH-STREET retailer Boots reported a cooling in sales growth yesterday after disappointing summer weather stalled demand for suncare products.
SYDNEY : Prime Minister John Howard promised new legislation if it was needed to fight child pornography following more than 200 arrests in a major Australia-wide crackdown on Internet pornography.
MINNEAPOLIS Cleveland Indians pitcher Kyle Denney says the go-go boots he was wearing may have prevented a bullet from seriously injuring his leg.
It used to be safe to assume that dialing 212 made a phone ring in Manhattan, but in this era of mobile telecommunications, calls connect people, not places.
Microsoft warned a European appeals court that software developers and consumers would face dire consequences should it be penalized.
A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
I.B.M. said that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan.
AP - The House emphatically rejected a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage Thursday, the latest in a string of conservative pet causes advanced by Republican leaders in the run-up to Election Day.
President Bush said he acted to protect the U.S., while John Kerry said Mr. Bush had made a "colossal error" of judgment in Iraq.
A panel admonished Representative Tom DeLay for improperly trying to win the vote of a lawmaker during a floor fight over a bill.
More open-source software for businesses: The Apache Software Foundation is launching a project for a Java process automation server.
After years of debate among political and economic leaders here, the Russian cabinet on Thursday endorsed the 1997 Kyoto accord on global climate change.
It took 61 come-from-behind victories, a major league record, to achieve what the Yankees did Thursday, win a seventh consecutive A.L. East title.
WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--Prime Infrastructure Group (PIF.AU) could still change the terms of its controversial takeover bid for Powerco Ltd.
Europe and the United States could be headed for a trans-Atlantic trade war over the issue of government aid to Airbus and The Boeing Co.
To hear him, you #39;d think the guy was some wide-eyed, talk-radio type prattling on about the latest kid to slip a couple of tackles.
Just in time for No. 3 Georgia #39;s biggest game of the season thus far comes the return of one of the Bulldogs #39; biggest offensive weapons.
The question seemed fair enough:  quot;Can you discuss the differences between coaching in a major-league city like Pittsburgh and a college town like Storrs, Conn.
Former Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk died yesterday morning in a fiery collision with a tractor-trailer near Herkimer, NY, after leading police on 
NEW YORK - Toyota Motor Corp said Thursday it will double the supply of its Prius hybrid cars to the US market to 100,000 vehicles a year in 2005.
Dan Orlovsky threw for 237 yards and Cornell Brockington ran for 187 yards and a score Thursday night to give Connecticut a 29-17 win over Pittsburgh.
Politicians, industry leaders and environment groups across the world welcomed the news last night that Russia had rejuvenated international efforts to combat climate change by ratifying the Kyoto protocol.
JAKARTA : Two Indonesian women working for a British company in Iraq were among 10 people kidnapped by an Islamic militant group, officials in Jakarta confirmed on Friday.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell and his Chinese counterpart Li Zhaoxing said they still supported a multinational effort to convince North Korea leader Kim Jong Il to end his nuclear 
With a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the New York Yankees moved to the verge of clinching their seventh straight AL East title.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said he would undergo a routine operation Friday to correct an irregular heartbeat. Blair announced the plans for the medical procedure Thursday night, just hours after 
TOKYO - At least two people are dead, eight are missing after Typhoon Meari pounded southern Japan with heavy rain and strong winds.
The Bayer Corporation, a subsidiary of the Bayer Group of Germany, has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$33 million criminal fine for taking part in a conspiracy 
Pitt coach Walt Harris preferred to  quot;play the percentages quot; late in the first half last night and, as a result, the Panthers came away with a field 
MOSCOW - The Russian government has approved the bill On the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Arsene Wenger will summon the spirit of Christmas past as he prepares Arsenal for the most critical week of their season. The specific Christmas he has in mind was just seven 
Microsoft's attempt to get EU antitrust penalties against it suspended turns to the question of its media player.
California #39;s top transportation official said today that the state will reject a current bid for rebuilding the eastern span of the Bay Bridge expire and take new bids.
 Orbimage of Dulles, a satellite imaging company, was awarded a four-year contract for about \$500 million by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
PCs running Linux are growing in popularity in part because they can be loaded with a pirated copy of Windows, according to a study from analyst Gartner.
If the Major League single-season hit record falls, it will happen at Safeco Field. That became a reality Thursday afternoon at Network Associates Coliseum, where Mariners 
JERUSALEM/GAZA - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his security cabinet agreed late Thursday to a major offensive military offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.
AP - Sounds like David Letterman is as big a "Pops" fan as most everyone else.
We had some good times this season. Remember that time I sat in the press box in Norman and watched your freshman running back dazzle?
Jerome Williams pitches seven strong innings in his first start in two months and San Francisco jumps back into a tie for the wild-card lead by beating San Diego, 4-1.
The recording industry launched a new round of lawsuits against illegal downloading Thursday (Sept. 30), the same day negotiations intensified between copyright 
The Russian cabinet on Thursday approved the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol, a step that may bring the global warming treaty into force after parliament endorsement.
An Indian security team heads for Bangladesh on Monday to assess the situation after a threat to the national cricket squad by an Islamic militant group.
The Colorado Rockies found a way to protect a lead over the Los Angeles Dodgers. But there was still music playing in the losers #39; clubhouse afterward.
WASHINGTONThe US Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday charged brokerage firm Raymond James Financial Inc. with fraud over the misconduct of a former broker in 1999 and 2000.
The major parties #39; different approaches to the Kyoto Protocol on greenhouse gas emissions became starker today after Russia made steps to ratify the agreement.
Global finance ministers gather in Washington for simultaneous meetings of the G7, World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
 quot;If they repeated history, then Java 1.3 should have been Java3 and Java 1.4 would have been Java 4 making Java 1.5 as Java5.
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Baseball fans who were looking to Busch Stadium for reassurance Thursday night came away more apprehensive than ever. A few days removed from playing host to a National League Division Series 
A British Airways passenger plane was forced yesterday to make an emergency landing, escorted by two fighter jets, after a security scare.
Merck  amp; Co. yesterday pulled the blockbuster pain medicine Vioxx off the market, announcing that a new company-sponsored study showed the drug doubled the risk 
Northern Rock says its full-year profit will at least meet analysts #39; consensus forecast due to continued strong lending. The bank NRK.
General Mills announced Thursday it will become the first leading food manufacturer to make all of its Big G breakfast cereals, shown in this undated photo, with whole grain.
In a third-floor classroom at Charlestown High School, where models of human and animal skulls perch on a shelf near creature-filled specimen jars, teacher Allyson 
An estimated 2 million Americans are taking the blockbuster pain reliever Vioxx, which is being withdrawn from the market because of concerns about heart attacks and strokes.
Lycos Europe appeared to have pulled a controversial antispam screensaver program from its site, after coming under fire from both security experts and the spammers themselves.
The history-making spacecraft designed by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan will blast off Monday morning from a small airport in Mojave, California, in a bid for \$10 million.
GAZA - At least 25 people died in the northern Gaza Strip as violence erupted yesterday between Israeli soldiers and Palestinians.
World News  gt; London, Sept 30 : The Tony Blair government has allowed the Gurkhas in the British Army to settle in the UK and gain British citizenship.
Companies to jointly sell routers, operating software in Japan in attempt to increase market share. TOKYO (Reuters) - Fujitsu Ltd.
Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
Legal actions against major polluters have stalled because of the agency's decision to revise rules governing emissions at older coal-fired power plants.
A high-stakes dispute over government loans to airplane maker Airbus reached a tipping point yesterday when top trade officials from the United States and Europe failed to find common ground.
A record \$12.5 million grant to be announced today will revolutionize science teaching throughout Boston Public Schools, officials said.
Lucent Technologies said Thursday that it will partner with Ethernet equipment maker Riverstone Networks to round out its product lineup.
The road to 100 wins is one the Yankees have traveled before. Yet this years trip to triple-digits -- their third in as many years -- was down 
Two of the biggest games of the season are on this weekend #39;s SEC slate. Unbeaten Auburn visits unbeaten Tennessee and defending national champ LSU visits unbeaten Georgia.
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Sports Minister Richard Caborn today categorically ruled out the Government stepping in to provide the cash to save the British Grand Prix at Silverstone.
With no electricity or running water and short of basics like antibiotics, doctors in makeshift clinics are fighting to save survivors of Tropical Storm Jeanne -ven 
Jarvis Plc, the UK engineering company whose debt is more than 15 times its market value, said it may be wound up in the New Year unless it secures new financing arrangements.
European regulators testified in Luxembourg yesterday that before settlement talks with Microsoft broke down last spring, the company had agreed to antitrust sanctions it now 
Takeover target Ronin Property Group said it would respond to an offer by Multiplex Group for all the securities in the company in about three weeks.
Hi-tech criminals are stealing key business data and ransoming it back to the firms they stole it from, say police.
Microsoft's legal fight against EU antitrust penalties enters its second day as focus turns to its media player.
Reuters - Oil prices held steady above  #36;49 on\Friday as market unease persisted over supply security in
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Trix Rabbit and the Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet.
TORONTO -- Nortel Networks yesterday gave details of a previously announced job cut program, saying it is cutting 1,400 positions in the United States by next June.
Red Hat said Thursday that it will pay \$20.5 million for Netscape security software that will expand the Raleigh company #39;s product offerings and boost revenue.
Mount Hood, the sleeping volcano that rises just east of the city, last erupted just before Lewis and Clark arrived in the area in 1805.
IN A preliminary ruling, the US government has rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
GAME NOTES: Big 12 rivals clash in Columbia this weekend as Brad Smith and the Missouri Tigers play host to the surprisingly undefeated Buffaloes of Colorado.
BEIRUT, Lebanon: A car bomb exploded in Beirut early Friday, wounding former Lebanese Cabinet minister Marwan Hamadeh and killing his driver, security officials said.
Indonesian police have identified the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy, and said the 30-year-old had written a letter to his wife asking permission to die a martyr.
The Yankees had a chance to throw a party in their own home Thursday night, the kind where the champagne flows into everything but a glass.
It is a tribute to his fighting spirit that Evening Attire, at the relatively advanced age of 6, is still a serious factor in a \$1 million race.
Some 100,000 Liberians, who fled 14 years of war, are being sent home a year after the fighting ended.
Australian police make more arrests in a child pornography crackdown, as the first people charged appear in court.
A bomb has gone off in the Lebanese capital Beirut, injuring a former minister and killing his driver.
Afghan refugees living in Pakistan are registering to take part in next week's landmark presidential elections.
MOSCOW -- Russia's Cabinet approved the worldwide Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday, clearing the way for implementation of the long-delayed United Nations pact.
The veterinary drug blamed for killing South Asia's vultures should be banned now, conservationists say.
The following are excerpts from the first presidential debate between President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry:
LONDON (CBS.MW) - London markets edged higher Friday as oil prices eased and Northern Rock confirmed it would meet analysts #39; full-year profit expectations.
TORONTO  Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
KOALA bears are to be implanted with contraceptives to keep their numbers down and stop them munching the landscape bare at an Australian national park.
UK Prime Minister Tony Blair was admitted to a London hospital today for an operation to correct a heart flutter. Announcing the treatment late yesterday, Blair committed to serving a 
Being a foreign correspondent in Baghdad these days is like being under virtual house arrest. Forget about the reasons that lured me to this job: a chance to see the world, explore the exotic 
It's a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.
Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff -- and a much bigger hit by shortstop Bobby Crosby.
Bernie Williams sent a drive soaring to left-center field, raised his right arm in triumph, and circled the bases.
Three weeks does not a season make, but it's enough of an indicator to form opinions strong enough to put into motion.
Tickets for individual Celtics home games for the 2004-05 season will go on sale today at 11 a.m.
For the third year in succession, the Renault F1 Team is joining forces with Oxfam, the international development charity, to raise money for its work around the world.
Northern Rock #39;s full-year profit will at least meet analysts #39; expectations as the mortgage bank continues to pile on business despite the slowing housing market.
OLYMPIA - A coalition of 11 school districts filed a lawsuit against the state yesterday, arguing the Legislature has not lived up to its constitutional obligation to fully fund special education.
As recovery teams examined the mangled NASA Genesis probe lodged in the floor of Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, a crew member spotted a horseshoe in the sand.
Bernie Williams looked out from the on-deck circle at the place he has called home longer than any other of the Yankees. It was the last of the ninth, tie score and the division 
Heading into Monday night #39;s game against the Baltimore Ravens, the Kansas City Chiefs are looking to avoid going 0-4 for the first time since 1980.
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo castigated elected officials in the oil-producing Niger Delta on Friday for failing to care more for their impoverished people as talks 
SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane that blasted into space on Wednesday in the first of its \$10m Ansari X-Prize flights, will launch again on Monday.
Microsoft Corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a European Union court on Friday.
A CLAIM by IT experts the Gartner Group that Linux downloads are a cover for piracy has been dismissed by the Open Source Industry Association (OSIA).
Budding entrepreneurs and historians of the future will be able to look back on the madness of the dot com boom. The University of Maryland has received government and private grants to archive the business 
The United States has reiterated its rejection of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming despite renewed pressure to yield after Russia ended years of hesitation by moving to ratify the treaty.
U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a major assault Friday to regain control of the insurgent stronghold of Samarra, and hospital officials said at least 80 people were killed.
An explosion ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in Sialkot during Friday prayers, killing at least 10 people and wounding dozens, police said.
What happens in the online world can be a freeing experience. Sometimes too freeing, so be careful out there. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
Unraveling the genetic map of diatoms -- microscopic sea creatures -- could pay big dividends in defending the world's ecological systems. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Tim Berners-Lee, the man who invented the web, says the medium will never realize its potential unless everyone involved can agree on standards that let computers more easily communicate with each other.
The share price of US drugs giant Merck falls to an eight-year low after it announces that it has been forced to withdraw a key drug on side effect fears.
The New York Liberty has overcome injuries to key players, a coaching change and a switch in home arenas to reach the Eastern Conference finals with only nine active players.
While horses continue to fall off an extremely bumpy road to the Breeders #39; Cup World Thoroughbred Championships, Evening Attire keeps on trucking.
: Indonesian police announced Friday the identity of the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy last month killing nine people, including himself.
Footie wonderboy Wayne Rooney might have scored a hat-trick on his Manchester United debut, but it didn #39;t stop him getting a telling off afterwards.
Jason Giambi and Kevin Brown were linked earlier this season because they both contracted an intestinal parasite, and now they #39;re linked for a different reason.
Russia #39;s announcement that it will ratify the Kyoto Protocol -- a decision crucial to the treaty coming into force -- has catapulted the issue onto 
Science minister Lord Sainsbury says the UK will remain key to the Aurora programme and will head back to Mars.
The genetic map of a type of teeny-weeny ocean algae could have a big impact on how scientists try to protect the Earth #39;s oceans from greenhouse gases.
This fact has never been better evidenced than by watching the astonishing way in which the family of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley have waged their own campaign for his release.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan At least ten people have been killed in an explosion that ripped through a Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during prayers today.
Magnification software to help visually impaired people use mobiles has been developed by a Spanish firm.
Samsung Electronics plans to invest 25 trillion won (\$24 billion) in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said Monday.
Before Eileen Burden began taking the popular arthritis drug Vioxx, her joints ached so much she could barely get dressed in the morning.
Patrick Ryan, a titan of the insurance industry and fixture of Chicago-area business and civic institutions, revealed plans to step down as chief executive of Aon Corp.
California health maintenance organizations continue to show improvements in quality but fall short in areas such as vaccinating adults with flu shots and persuading smokers to kick their cigarette habit.
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae, under investigation by regulators and ordered to revamp its accounting, may have to restate its past earnings, a federal agency said Thursday.
Under the terms of the agreement Red Hat will obtain products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
Plans by Microsoft Corp to charge royalties on a library of patents are looking uncertain after the US Patent and Trademark Office rejected a key software patent claimed by the company.
Sun Microsystems Inc is courting community views for the next version of Java 2 Standard Edition, the foundation stone of Java scheduled for spring 2006.
Lawmakers at the Senate have delayed a controversial bill that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks because there is too much opposition to it.
The Russian government approved the Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come into force worldwide.
BEIRUT, Lebanon A former Lebanese Cabinet minister has been wounded and his driver killed in an early morning car bombing in Beirut.
A suicide bomber killed at least 18 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police said.
The UK's manufacturing sector shows an unexpected slowdown in September, easing pressure on the Bank of England to raise interest rates again.
Nortel Networks will lay off about 1,400 employees in the US and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005.
With a little help from NASA, students from McNair High School - which is named for an astronaut -ight play a role in future space exploration.
Microsoft has extended the reach of its business data platform, demonstrating new business intelligence capabilities for SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005.
Peacekeepers from the African Union will be increased to help protect civilians in the afflicted Sudanese region of Darfur, the country #39;s foreign minister said Thursday.
Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said elections would go ahead as planned in January, despite continuing violence which Thursday killed 41 people including 34 children.
The latest title from the Warhammer 40,000 stable does its thing with considerable style.
Indonesian police name the man believed to have bombed Australia's embassy in Jakarta last month.
Channel ferry services are hit by a blockade as French fishermen show their anger at fuel price rises.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen somewhat higher at the open Friday with a pullback in oil prices...
 BANGKOK (Reuters) - Top seeds Roger Federer and Andy  Roddick reached the Thailand Open semi-finals with  straight-sets wins on Friday.
Retailer Kmart Holdings Corp. is considering moving its headquarters from Michigan, the state #39;s economic development agency said.
In its global economy outlook the International Monetary Fund predicted worldwide output to lift 5 despite of worries about high oil prices.
The purchasing manager index of activity in the UK manufacturing sector fell sharply to 52.2 in September from a downwardly revised 52.
South Africa, New Zealand and Japan have expressed interest in hosting the 2011 Rugby World Cup, the International Rugby Board said on Friday.
At least six Palestinians were killed Friday during the continuing Israeli attack on nortern Gaza Strip as occupation troops took control of a nine-kilometer stretch in the area.
'Freedom to destroy freedom and competition'
Some clubbers in Barcelona have opted to have a microchip implanted which lets them pay for drinks.
A dispute over how much farmers must pay to industry trade bodies is disrupting the cocoa harvest  in Ivory Coast, the world's largest producer. 
Sydney - Australia #39;s koalas, once a threatened species, are now growing so fast in some areas that wildlife authorities are putting them on the pill.
Microsoft Corp has issued further details of new reporting and business intelligence features that it plans to introduce into its present and future SQL Server relational database platform.
For the first time ever, Silverstone is not on the provisional 2005 calendar, which must be ratified by the FIA world council on 13 October.
including South Africa - had submitted proposals to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup. South Africa, will face stiff opposition 
Davis Cup finalists and top seed Spain were handed a first-round outing in Slovakia for the 2005 competition when the draw was announced on Thursday.
The 2004 Memorial Bone  amp; Joint Fall Festival tennis tournament kicks off today at noon and runs through Sunday at courts around Houston.
A judge is set to deliver a ruling in a boardroom row which could lead to Bernie Ecclestone losing control of Formula One racing.
Some 1440 BBC Technology staff have been transferred to Siemens Business Services today following the completion of a major ten-year 2bn Technology Framework Contract (TFC).
There #39;s a new version of Java and Sun describes it as the most significant update ever to the platform-neutral programming language.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova surged into the Korea Open semifinals Friday with a comfortable 6-2, 6-1 win over Australian Samantha Stosur.
Travel is back to normal on the Thruway Friday morning after an accident that stopped or slowed traffic from Herkimer all the way to Schenectady.
TheDeal.com - A commissioner said the agency would rule on the wireless merger within weeks, allowing an October closing.
AP - The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks look to open flat on Monday,  with oil prices moving higher and the dollar holding near  record lows.
&lt;strong&gt;Group Review&lt;/strong&gt; Not yet ready for DDR 2? Then make the most of the original
UCB SA announced Friday it made the final move in its transition to a pharmaceuticals-only business, unloading Surface Specialties to Cytec Industries Inc.
Carlos Checa took pole position for Saturday #39;s inaugural Qatar Grand Prix with the quickest lap in the final qualifying session on Friday.
At least 19 people were killed and about 50 were injured in the bombing of a Shiite mosque in Pakistan #39;s northeastern city of Sialkot, police said.
Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
Updated chat client allows users to send more personalized messages.
AFP - Business software maker PeopleSoft said it was dumping president and chief executive Craig Conway, who has led the fight against a hostile takeover effort from rival Oracle.
An audio tape said to have been recorded by Osama Bin Laden's deputy is broadcast by Arabic TV channel al-Jazeera.
India's Supreme Court orders controversial politician Rajesh Ranjan, who is facing murder charges, back to jail.
A father of a seriously ill premature baby has pleaded with the High Court not to allow doctors to let her die.
More than 4,000 American and Iraqi soldiers mounted a military assault on the insurgent-held city of Samarra.
CORAL GABLES, Fla. - Arguing over who can best lead the nation in war, Sen...
A suicide attacker detonated a huge bomb inside a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in an eastern Pakistani city during Friday prayers, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens, officials said.
update Craig Conway has been fired as president and chief executive officer of PeopleSoft and will be replaced by founder Dave Duffield, the company said Friday.
BERLIN -- Industrial group Siemens AG said Friday it has signed a \$3.35 billion contract to deliver technology services around the world to the British Broadcasting Corp.
AP - The biggest home run in rookie Bobby Crosby's career gave the Oakland Athletics a dramatic victory and set up a winner-take-all AL West showdown with the Anaheim Angels.
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
Once the ball jumped off Bernie Williams #39; bat in the bottom of the ninth inning, everyone in Yankee Stadium knew where it was going.
AP - The Arizona Cardinals are winless in three games, but they are among the league leaders in one category  #151; taking the ball away from the opponent.
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova reached the semifinals of the Korea Open on Friday with a comfortable 6-2, 6-1 win over Australian Samantha Stosur.
AP - Tom Watson has mapped out a comfortable future after he finally walks away from the game of golf.
Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
New products include 802.11g/a cards for both notebooks and desktops.
In a statement, PeopleSoft's board of directors cited "a loss of confidence in Mr. Conway's ability to continue to lead the Company."
In the wake of a 15-month-long battle for its life, PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s board of directors fired CEO Craig Conway Friday morning.
Lack of bidders forces largest US local telephone companies to terminate efforts in small markets. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc.
UK manufacturing growth unexpectedly weakened to the slowest pace in 14 months in September as surging oil prices boosted costs, a survey of purchasing managers showed.
The string of hurricanes that struck Florida and other states has begun to wash away profit projections made by some Cincinnati-based insurance companies.
A Californian-based team is halfway to claiming a \$10 million prize by putting a privately financed manned craft into sub-orbital space.
The emergence of a new Internet virus targeting a Microsoft Windows security flaw could cause more damage than usual because the company #39;s system for fixing the problem is so complex that many 
EEye Digital Security has uncovered new security holes affecting a wide range of RealNetworks #39; media players, the latest desktop-based bugs set to worry IT managers.
Arsene Wenger has described a fracas on the Arsenal team bus between Patrick Vieira and Cameroon international Lauren as  quot;a minor disagreement quot;.
The Government was dragging its heels yesterday when the Ministry of Sport failed to come out with a clear message of support for South Africa #39;s bid to host the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Patrick Kluivert has sent out a chill warning to both the Barclays Premiership and Europe after launching his Newcastle career in style.
Italian club Lazio, England #39;s Newcastle United and Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart are among the top group of seeds for Tuesday #39;s UEFA Cup group draw.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair entered a hospital Friday for a procedure to remedy an irregular heartbeat. He says the treatment is routine and expects to return to work on Monday.
A suicide bomber killed at least 21 people in a mosque packed with worshippers and wounded more than 40 during Friday prayers in the eastern Pakistani city of Sialkot, police said.
Ceremonies are held in Japan to mark the 40th anniversary of the start of the world's first high-speed railway service.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Friday,  as oil prices retreated and tech stocks showed strength on the  opening day of the fourth quarter.
The deal is said to include annual pay cuts of about 19.5 percent and reductions in contributions to retirement benefits.
Internet bank Egg says it is in talks to sell the majority of its failed French venture to another firm.
The banking industry warns customers with online accounts to guard against a new wave of sophisticated cyber-fraud.
Construction spending in August hit the highest level on record, fresh evidence that the housing market is helping move the economy ahead.
In a surprise move, PeopleSoft issued a press release this morning at 8:15 ET announcing that it had fired Craig Conway as president and CEO.
NEW YORK - US consumer sentiment took a surprise spill in September, according to a survey released Friday, suggesting Americans continue to be uncertain about the economic outlook and the job market.
Cytec Industries said Friday it will pay \$1.87 billion to Belgian chemical company UCB for its Surface Specialties unit, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Behind every good business plan, there's a dynamite shack waiting for a box of matches.
Cosmetically altered mutual funds don't make sense -- and they're ugly, too.
It's strange but true -- the more you spend, the more you'll save for school.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Northwest Airlines Chief Executive Richard Anderson is stepping aside and will take a top job at health care insurer UnitedHealth Group.
It was all very well for Senator John F. Kerry to say he would open bilateral talks with North Korea should he win November #39;s election, but the Democratic 
Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday.
US software giant Microsoft insisted Friday that nobody would want to buy its Windows operating system without Media Player, in an appeal against an EU ruling that it had abused its market dominance.
Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday.
The banking industry warns online customers to guard against a new wave of sophisticated cyber-fraud.
Students at 27 US colleges are being sued by the American record industry for alleged illegal downloading.
Johnny Herbert feels the next generation of British Formula One stars will miss out after their home grand prix was axed from the calendar.
European footballs governing body today brought disciplinary charges against Hungarian champions Ferencvaros after crowd trouble and racist abuse during their UEFA Cup tie against Millwall.
Top seed Elena Dementieva of Russia edged Czech Denisa Chladkova 7-5, 6-4 Friday to reach the semifinals of the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament.
French President Jacques Chirac says France will hold a referendum on Turkey #39;s entry to the European Union. Speaking to reporters Friday in Strasbourg, France, Mr.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has described the fracas on the team bus between Patrick Vieira and Lauren as  quot;a minor disagreement.
The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview for the Japanese Grand Prix.
Its been a busy week for the team with its members stretched across the globe. Heres an update of whats going on
Finalists display innovations and compete for \$100,000 scholarships at the nation's top high school science event.
A report from technology research and analysis firm Gartner, Inc. reveals that while the installed base of personal computers running the Linux operating systems 
PeopleSoft today said its board had ousted President and CEO Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in his ability to lead the software company.
BROOMFIELD, Colo., Oct. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Level 3 Communications, Inc...
Russian space officials say the departure of the replacement crew for the International Space Station has been set for October 14.
RealNetworks Inc. recommends users download updates it released to patch multiple security holes in RealOne Player, RealPlayer and Helix Player.
India News, Bangalore, Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was Friday included in the 15-member Indian squad for the first two Tests against Australia.
Denver  Dennis Rodman, the 43-year-old former NBA rebounding champion, participated in an informal workout with the Denver Nuggets on Thursday.
Smart cards are on the rise in Japan, using computer chips with an antenna embedded in them to allow people to pay for purchases or unlock doors with a simple flick of their cards.
Hotmail users will have to start paying in order to access their hotmail e-mail messages via the Outlook and Outlook Express desktop e-mail programmes.
Despite denying any problems in the past, England striker Michael Owen has finally admitted he may have to begin worrying if his first team exile at Real Madrid continues.
AP - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
SPACE.com - Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage \  spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
New Enterprise Associates is the biggest stand-alone venture capital operation in the world, but industry insiders say the company's girth is a handicap.
T.C. Williams High School English teacher Patrick Welsh discusses the influence of video games on male students.
The jet plane in which US adventurer Steve Fossett plans to fly non-stop around the world without refuelling is set for launch in January from Kansas.
Two Silicon Valley companies that have already become household names in tech savvy homes are working together to bring movies to the home digitally.
AP - Andy Roddick served 20 aces Friday in a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Sweden's Thomas Johansson to reach the Thailand Open semifinals.
The latest round of economic data was again mixed, reports showed Friday: Manufacturing activity increased in September for the 16th consecutive month and construction spending surged in August to a record high.
Research In Motion Ltd., maker of the popular BlackBerry e-mail device, enjoyed a strong second quarter and upped its expectations Thursday for the remainder of its fiscal year.
Maverick, the new supercomputer from Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas at Austin, promises speedier data analysis for global weather prediction, emergency response management 
Syria condemned on Friday an attempt of assassination against a former Lebanese minister in Beirut, the state-run SANA news agency reported.
MORE than 500 Australians could be implicated in the international crackdown on Internet child pornography, police said yesterday as the first of those arrested appeared in court.
The World Bank and International Monetary Fund get-together taking place this weekend in Washington is one of the great annual gatherings of practitioners of a dismal science.
StorageTek said Thursday it has acquired Storability to further strengthen its information lifecycle management software portfolio.
Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.
Merck  amp; Co. on Friday raised its estimate of the number of prescriptions written in the United States for its recently recalled heart disease treatment Vioxx.
The Bush administration lobbied Chinese economic officials on Thursday to overhaul a currency regime that American manufacturers contend gives China a huge competitive advantage.
Netflix and TiVo have signed an agreement to let TiVo subscribers access Netflix #39;s library of movies over broadband Internet connections, the two companies announced Thursday.
Research In Motion Limited (RIM) has reported the results of its most recent financial quarter. Both revenue and profits were higher than the previous quarter.
A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
com Staff. Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has scooped up storage resource management (SRM) company Storability Software Inc.
Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
Industrial output in the US rose for a 16th straight month in September,  ahead of analysts' forecasts.
Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia/Pacific -- will ship with Linux operating systems, but 75 percent 
StorageTek (Quote, Chart) took another step in filling out its information lifecycle management portfolio this week, acquiring software maker Storability.
AP - A moderate earthquake shook the Pacific coast of Nicaragua early Friday, cracking a few walls and sending frightened residents running into the streets, but there were no reports of injuries.
AFP - Republican and Democratic leaders each declared victory after the first head-to-head sparring match between President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry.
India asks the US to withdraw sanctions on two scientists accused of selling nuclear technology to Iran.
A musical about the life and music of the late Johnny Cash called Ring of Fire is being created in the US.
ALAN Shearer and Patrick Kluivert teamed up to fire Newcastle into the group stage of the Uefa Cup. It was a striking master-class in Tel Aviv.
A former Lebanese minister escaped an attempt on his life Friday in an explosion that hit his official car at Beirut #39;s waterfront, security sources said.
The ouster of Craig Conway and the return of Dave Duffield could be a prelude to PeopleSoft accepting Oracle's offer.
S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India's space agency said Thursday its removal from a U.S...
The German engineering giant Siemens acquires the  BBC's IT unit and lands a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the corporation.
The Bush administration won a commitment today from China to move "firmly and steadily" to a flexible currency, though the Chinese did not offer a firm timetable.
Richard Anderson has quit as chief executive officer of Northwest Airlines. He said Friday he has been hired as executive vice president of a health care company which like Northwest is based in Minnesota.
Struggling Vitoria have sacked their third coach since the Brazilian championship started in late April and brought in 71-year-old Evaristo Macedo in an attempt to avoid relegation.
Minnesota coach Glen Mason came to a stop sign on 15th Ave. SE outside the Bierman Athletic Building on Tuesday night and saw his season flash before his eyes.
AP - The Justice Department said Friday it will stop trying to block Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
'So what do we do if Galileo's threatening American lives?'
AP - Carl Pavano met with Yankees officials and Reggie Jackson this weekend, then was scheduled to travel to Baltimore to meet with the Orioles.
AP - Construction spending surged in August to the highest level on record, while manufacturing grew at a slower pace in September, offering mixed signals about the economy's strength.
A new IRA conversion rule will let you ignore minimum distributions in computing threshold incomes.
Investing without a plan is like becoming a vegetarian because you have a garden. So, why do you invest?
Ex-Air Force official Darleen Druyun pleaded guilty earlier this year to a criminal conspiracy charge for her role in a deal that gave her a lucrative job with Boeing.
Ameren Corp. said Friday it has completed its purchase of Illinois Power Co. from Dynegy Inc. of Houston for about \$500 million in cash and \$1.
A subsidiary of the German engineering giant Siemens has landed a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC).
But the company, which appeared on an Oracle takeover list, acknowledges that it can't stop someone from trying.
Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has managed some top strikers, but he reckons there are few better than Alan Shearer and Patrick Kluivert.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger makes recycling of discarded mobile phones mandatory for handset makers.
Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
Ford's car and truck business sales fell nearly 7 percent in September from a year ago.
Questions about the auction company lead to a drop in the stock price. Does fear create an opportunity?
Is the newspaper publisher's interest in the online magazine a stab at building a pay product?
The head of Lazard LLC is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as the investment bank readies for an initial public offering, according to a report published Friday.
Sebastien Loeb hit back on stage three of the Italian Rally in Sardinia today but could not prevent world championship rival Petter Solberg stretching his lead to half a minute.
Former Boeing Co. official Darleen A. Druyun was sentenced to nine months in prison for secretly negotiating a job for herself while representing the Pentagon in talks with the company 
Boeing (NYSE: BA) needs to watch its back because Airbus is determined to keep its lead in commercial aircraft. The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that Airbus is getting 
LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene.
At least 22 people have been killed and dozens more injured in what police say was a suicide attack at a crowded Shiite Muslim mosque in eastern Pakistan.
Of all the exchanges in the first presidential debate, at the University of Miami Thursday night, the one I found most perplexing was over the North Korean nuclear issue.
Research In Motion (RIMM ) posted second-quarter earnings per share of 36 cents, vs. 1 cent one year earlier, on a sharp revenue rise.
Seoul, Korea (Sports Network) - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova was an easy quarterfinal winner Friday at the \$140,000 Korea Open Tennis Championships.
After a ruling that crushed its arguments against Oracle's plan to acquire PeopleSoft, antitrust regulators call it a day.
Hewlett-Packard completes its \$293 million bid for the company, in a move to better compete against IBM.
High prices for commodities and agricultural goods on international markets helped Brazil post a \$3.17 billion trade surplus in September, the trade and development ministry said Friday.
Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
PeopleSoft Inc. fired Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway, raising the likelihood the business- software maker will give up its 16-month fight against Oracle Corp.
How significant is the US Patent and Trademark Office #39;s initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s FAT (file allocation table) file system patent claims?
Hoping to drive users to its new MSN Search service, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced it will release a new beta of its messenger client with an embedded search bar.
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
From JR Rider to Nikoloz Tskitishvili to Dennis Rodman, Nuggets general manager Kiki Vandeweghe has raised many eyebrows with his moves.
Lucious Harris signed Friday with the Cleveland Cavaliers, who hope the New Jersey Nets veteran can strengthen a backcourt weakened by injuries during the playoffs last season.
Arsenal #39;s brawling stars will face punishment after it emerged Patrick Vieira and Lauren had a bust-up on the team bus this week.
Cyclist Tyler Hamilton, a hill climber extraordinaire, may have conquered his toughest summit Friday when the International Olympic Committee ruled the Marblehead native 
Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has established a comfortable lead following leg one of the Rally Italia Sardinia today Friday, the Norwegian 30.
THE US stood firm in rejecting the Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday despite renewed pressure to yield after Russia ended years of hesitation by moving to ratify the treaty.
US diplomacy in dealing with North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program drew the attention of two Asia specialists who watched US President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
Being the biggest dog might pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large are likely to be be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
Sun and Texas Instruments were among the companies saying they could do more with allies during the EPC Global conference. By Elena Malykhina.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) reinforced its security forces in Afghanistan Friday as part of international efforts to safeguard the presidential election on October 9.
Pharmaceutical giant Merck  amp; Co. chose to go on the offensive and voluntarily withdraw its arthritis drug Vioxx from the market Thursday.
: Microsoft Corp. today said that small companies and their customers would suffer most if it is forced to remove its digital media software from Windows, while the European Union accused 
NEW YORK - Manufacturing activity rose in September for the 16th consecutive month, but at a more gradual pace than in August, an industry research group reported Friday.
AP - It's a hugely lopsided fight, pitting Israeli troops with high-tech arms and precise intelligence against untrained Palestinian gunmen relying on homemade weapons.
Chile's Inland Revenue files tax evasion charges  against the former military ruler Augusto Pinochet. 
The abrupt ouster of CEO Craig Conway comes after 15 months of battle against a hostile takeover bid by Oracle.
NEW YORK - Enron Corp. Friday said Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned to pursue other job opportunities and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.
com October 1, 2004, 10:51 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. on Friday said it shipped 67 commercial airplanes during the third quarter, including 49 of its next-generation 737 mid-range planes.
AP - Pau Gasol, the 2002 NBA rookie of the year, has signed a multi-year contract extension with the Memphis Grizzlies.
Winners of "Ig Nobel" Prize say herring "talk" via flatulence. But wouldn't saying "excuse me" lock them into a never-ending cycle?
The network service provider is spending \$34 million on the dial-up Internet access business.
Ernie Els shoots an 8-under 64 that gives him a two-shot lead over Todd Hamilton in the American Express Championship.
The yen rose on Friday after a closely watched Bank of Japan (BOJ) survey showed further improvement in Japanese business sentiment.
WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration on Friday won a commitment from China that it will move to a flexible, market-based currency.
The department must do more to lower the risk of cyberattacks against its IT systems and networks, an internal report says. By George V. Hulme.
Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas have teamed to create an UltraSparc-powered giant that will crunch 3D tasks for the school.
LONDON : European football governing body UEFA will take action against Hungarian champions Ferencvaros after the violence which scarred their UEFA Cup win over Millwall.
The top four seeds stormed into the ATP Bangkok semifinals Friday without dropping a set, three of who are current or former No. 1 players.
Cleveland Cavaliers: Lucious Harris signed Friday with the Cavs, who hope the New Jersey Nets veteran can strengthen a backcourt weakened by injuries last season.
There were several moments during the Felix Trinidad/Ricardo Mayorga press conference at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday that it seemed possible there would be a deterioration 
(Madrid) The cabinet of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero Friday approved a bill legalizing same-sex marriage and allowing gay couples to adopt.
Charles River dishes out advice to clients. It looks like the company is also taking its own advice.
Management might favor lower-budget films. Shareholders should hope so.
The board expresses a loss of confidence, but denies the firing is linked with Oracle's takeover bid.
AP - Western Mexico's "Volcano of Fire" unleashed a towering column of smoke and ash Friday, after ropes of burning, orange lava poured from its peak overnight.
US factory growth stayed strong in September according to reports on Friday, while construction spending in the prior month hit a record high for a seventh month 
The fastest type of computer. Supercomputers are very expensive and are employed for specialized applications that require immense amounts of mathematical calculations.
com October 1, 2004, 11:46 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Second seed Jiri Novak and number three Guillermo Canas will meet in the Heineken Open semi-finals in Shanghai after both posted straight-sets victories on Friday.
More Malaysian companies are tapping third parties to take care of IT. It could be a \$350 million market in five years.
Paul Allen and Burt Rutan's aircraft will try to repeat its 100km altitude feat to seal its victory for the \$10 million prize.
An Israeli helicopter fires missiles into Gaza City as the army steps up operations against Palestinian militants.
US photographer Richard  Avedon, renowned for his  portraits of the rich and famous, dies aged 81.
Richard Avedon's fashion and portrait photographs helped define America's image of style, beauty and culture for the last half-century.
Reuters - The Memphis Grizzlies\signed All-Star forward Pau Gasol to a multi-year contract on\Friday. Terms of the deal were not announced.
Mercedes-Benz USA, a unit of DaimlerChrysler AG, posted a slight increase in September sales Friday, in a month with one more selling day that the year before.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Consumer sentiment eroded in late September, according to media reports Friday of proprietary research from the University of Michigan.
A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Winnipeg Blue Bombers running back Charles Roberts was named the Canadian Football League #39;s Offensive Player of the Month for September.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair underwent a successful operation today to correct an irregular heartbeat and was recovering at home, a hospital official said.
The wails echoed off the tile surfaces of the emergency room at Yarmouk Hospital. Amid the blood and stretchers, Majeed Aboud turned his tear 
Toyota Motor Sales USA Inc. on Friday said strong demand for Toyota cars and record sales of Lexus sport-utility vehicles drove a 10.
The RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) knows how to kick of the back-to-school season with a splash, sending out another load of lawsuits to collegians everywhere.
By eWEEK Staff. Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. said Thursday that the two companies have established a joint venture specializing in the production of routers and switches.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier - or risk losing his place.
(Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds will start a season-ending three-game series versus the Pittsburgh Pirates tonight at Great American Ball Park.
Kilkenny, Ireland (Sports Network) - Ernie Els fired an eight-under 64 on Friday to take the lead midway through the World Golf Championships - American Express Championship.
Vikram Solanki beat the rain clouds to register his second one-day international century as England won the third one-day international to wrap up a series victory.
The top cybersecurity official in the United States has resigned, a little over a year after joining the Department of Homeland Security, the agency said Friday.
IBM on Friday introduced an upgrade of its performance-monitoring software for web-based transactions, expanding its view of transaction flows by adding support for more infrastructure components.
Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
IBM will launch Friday a new version of its Tivoli transaction-performance monitoring product that greatly expands the range of application transactions it can track.
The UN chief says Syria has not complied with a Security Council resolution by withdrawing troops from its neighbour, Lebanon.
Sprint Corp., which is based in Kansas and also conducts business in the Wichita area, has sold its wholesale dial-up Internet access business to Level 3 Communications Inc.
Oil prices pierced the \$50-a-barrel mark again today amid concern over possible conflict in Nigeria's oil-producing delta region.
PalmOne's product revamp includes a Tungsten handheld that won't let data die and a Treo packed with higher-end features.
Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) expects to fill its chief executive officer (CEO) vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said Friday.
Microsoft has improved its support for Windows NT 4.0 Server and has outlined how it will end support for e-mail system Exchange Server 5.5.
Saks Inc. announced plans to shut seven Saks Fifth Avenue stores, including one in Garden City, LI, and three Off 5th discount stores.
Pitcher Chris Carpenter, a 15-game winner for St Louis this season, will miss the opening round when they their play-offs campaign next week.
A Muslim schoolgirl has bowed to France #39;s ban on Islamic headscarves in state schools by returning to class and removing her veil to reveal a head shaved bald in protest.
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Opteron is go go go
Five Indian police and one fighter were killed in the region #39;s biggest separatist raid since Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz visited India last month, police said.
The price of oil settled above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday amid concerns over tight supplies globally and hurricane-related production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
The National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded \$7.5 million over five years to establish the Center for Probing the Nanoscale (CPN) at Stanford University.
Computer Associates has been without a permanent CEO since Sanjay Kumar stepped down in April. Kumar was indicted last month on charges related to accounting scandal at CA and has pleaded innocent to the charges.
The Justice Department has decided to drop its legal efforts to block Oracle from moving ahead with its 15-month-old hostile takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft.
Increasing front-side bus speed from 800 to 1,066 MHz addresses crucial bottleneck in system performance.
First products from Alaxala Networks include a high-end gigabit router, a high-end multilevel switch and a mid-range multilevel switch.
Sun this week unleashed its Java 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0, code-named Tiger, an upgrade that includes more than 100 new features.
Online futures traders raised their bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the overall odds still favored the incumbent.
LONDON -- Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone rejected an offer to save the British Grand Prix, leaving the country without F1 racing for the first time in 54 years.
The head of the world body regulating trade in endangered animals has warned the system was too complicated and was making it difficult to police the multi-billion dollar wildlife industry.
In an apparent damage control exercise, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday said he favored veto rights for India as new permanent member of the UN Security Council.
HOUSTON -- Enron Corp. #39;s chief financial officer since a month after the energy company went bankrupt in December 2001 resigned effective Friday.
A revitalised Ernie Els went on a birdie blitz overnight to snatch the second round lead of the World Golf Championships (WGC) in Ireland.
Facing demands for quick action from the United States and UN human rights experts, Sudan #39;s foreign minister pledged to allow 
World News  gt; London, Oct 1 : British Prime Minister Tony Blair was today admitted to the Hammersmith Hospital in west London for corrective treatment of an irregular heartbeat.
The price of crude oil ends above \$50 a barrel for the first time in 21 years of trade on New York's Nymex exchange.
In a surprise move, PeopleSoft today fired its president and chief executive officer, Craig Conway, citing a "loss of confidence."
What has IT got to do with the price of lettuce in China? I'll give you a hint.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
The annual cap of 65,000 new H-1B visas for the fiscal year just started has been met, CNET News.com has learned.
Hewlett-Packard Co. on Friday announced that it has completed its\$293 million acquisition of UK-based IT services company Synstar PLC.
Reuters - The U.N. war crimes prosecutor sent\the first case to the Serbian judiciary Friday in a move that\could warm ties between the Hague-based court and Belgrade.
AP - Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in Chile and Argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
More than 100 people die as US and Iraqi forces launch a major attack to regain control of the town of Samarra.
After a week of gentle rumblings, Mount St. Helens broke open today with a small eruption shortly after noon Pacific time, tossing up a plume of ash and smoke.
A European judge must sort through competing ideas on the balance between intellectual property and fairness to decide whether antitrust penalties against Microsoft (Quote, Chart) should be suspended.
AP - They offered ticket packages that were more family friendly. They cut prices at the concession stands for some games. Heck, they even had a "Disco Night."
The United States #39; top computer-security official has resigned after a little more than a year on the job, the US Department of Homeland Security said on Friday.
A suicide bomber detonated a huge device yesterday that ripped through a Shia mosque in Pakistan at prayer time, killing at least 16 and injuring dozens.
AP - When quizzed this week about the prospect of facing Miami every season, Georgia Tech coach Chan Gailey asked: "As opposed to what, the Steelers?"
A Pittsburgh research center will buy a Red Storm system and an Indian physics institute is getting an XD1.
The NFL fines three New York Giants defenders a total of \$20,000 for illegal hits during last weekend's game with the Cleveland Browns.
A former top Air Force official was sentenced to nine months in prison for favoring Boeing on military contracts worth billions of dollars.
AP - Declaring that high oil prices are a threat to the global economy, the world's industrialized countries urged producers Friday to provide price relief by boosting supplies.
(National-NBC) Oct. 1, 2004 - Scientists in Utah are finishing the job of salvaging material from the remains of the Genesis Space Capsule.
Perhaps it was the name at the top of the leaderboard which inspired Ernie Els. Todd Hamilton was the first round leader but Els cruised past the Open champion with an eight 
Italy #39;s Jarno Trulli will race for Toyota in Japan and Brazil, the last two races of the Formula One season, after leaving Renault.
Most Arab governments have decided to put their stock in George W. Bush for another term, concluding prematurely that the American presidential elections have been decided in favor of the Republican candidate.
The maker of the popular arthritis drug Vioxx is removing it from markets worldwide after a new study found that long-term users face increased risks for heart attack and stroke.
A former top Air Force acquisition executive today was sentenced to nine months in prison for conspiring to help Boeing Co. win a multibillion-dollar Pentagon contract.
The Russian president, Vladimir Putin, refused on Monday to order a public inquiry into last week #39;s siege and massacre at a middle school in the southern town of Beslan 
Sun Microsystems #39; latest edition of its Java platform offers improved performance and scalability, better system monitoring and management, and an updated look and feel for the desktop client 
Last night at the MEN Arena, Manchester it took Ricky Hatton less than two minutes to finally recover from a dull and frustrating year.
As desperately hungry flood victims wander the streets of Gonaives searching for help, tons of food aid is piling up in a warehouse guarded by UN peacekeepers.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) today filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) file sharing services.
First-come, first-served system 'not unethical'
AP - Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia's recent speeches have ventured into some surprising territory, with the staunchly conservative father of nine joking about sexual orgies.
CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says the board is only telling half the story behind the surprise firing of PeopleSoft's CEO.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on Friday amid concern over possible fighting between rebels and the military in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region.
Description: The world #39;s economic leaders indicate support for the idea of forgiving the debt of the world #39;s poorest countries.
AP - A woman sued Green Bay Packers fullback Najeh Davenport, saying he invaded her privacy by breaking into her dorm room and defecating in her closet.
Total number of suits filed by the music industry since 2003 exceeds 5500.
is closing eight Saks Fifth Avenue stores, including a store at North East Mall in Hurst, and three Off 5th stores, the company said today.
Jeff Gordon has a chance to tie the late Dale Earnhardt #39;s record of three victories at restrictor-plate racetracks in one season.
The world #39;s top finance officials on Friday asked oil-producing nations to step up production and agreed it was crucial to work out exactly why prices 
Tony Kanaan can clinch the IRL IndyCar championship this weekend with a fourth-place finish or better in the Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway.
Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears standout linebacker Brian Urlacher has been downgraded to doubtful for Sunday #39;s game against Philadelphia.
Yoran was a software executive with Symantec Corporation when he was tapped a year ago to become director of the National Cyber Security Division in the Department of Homeland Security.
It #39;s a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.  quot;Are you kidding?
Mike Hampton worked six innings and hit a two-run homer Friday as Atlanta handed the Chicago Cubs a devastating loss, 5-4. The Cubs came into the game trailing San Francisco and 
It would be a  quot;longshot quot; that Giambi would be left off, manager Joe Torre said before Friday night #39;s game against Toronto.
Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. are teaming up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.
Police had a mugshot of a robbery suspect before he was arrested. Thanks to a camera phone, they even had a picture of his getaway vehicle.
Talk about temptation: \$20,000 worth of box seat tickets for Yankees playoff games, just lying there on the street. Nine youngsters who came across the tickets turned them in.
Pitcher Mike Hampton homered off Kerry Wood and the Atlanta Braves sent the collapsing Chicago Cubs to the verge of wild-card elimination.
The woman who accused Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators the N.B.A. star ignored her entreaties to stop, according to documents released Friday.
Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel amid concern over possible fighting between rebles and the military in Nigeria #39;s oil-rich delta region.
In the spirit of being at the university, the Microsoft chairman also talked about when open-source licenses make sense. By Aaron Ricadela.
 Bud Selig announces that the troubled Montreal Expos will move to Washington, returning baseball to the nation #39;s capital for the 2005 season.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is recovering at Downing Street, after undergoing hospital treatment for a recurring heart complaint.
PeopleSoft fired its chief executive, Craig Conway, yesterday in an unexpected twist to the firm #39;s attempt to fend off its larger rival Oracle.
US captain Claudio Reyna will miss the Americans #39; World Cup qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama because of injuries. Reyna hurt his left quadriceps Sept.
It took most of Thursday to identify the first-round leaders in the Southern Farm Bureau Classic, but Harrison Frazar, Glen Day and John Senden finally separated themselves 
A SUICIDE bomber blew himself up in a mosque packed with worshippers in Pakistan, killing at least 25 people and wounding more than 50.
AP - Pam Morret and her husband, Lynn, missed the big eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980. They sure were not going to miss this one.
Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.
GPS, radar systems and digital cameras help scientists, but Mount St. Helens isn't a hotbed of the latest technology.
They let developers create software that supports 64-bit x86 chips--important in making the new generation of chips useful.
Sandia's motion detector could help predict if earthquakes are coming or if airplane parts are about to rip loose.
A software slipup in RealNetworks' music player means that Windows, Mac and Linux computers could be compromised by a movie.
Microsoft founder also tells college students outsourcing jobs is not a 'zero-sum game.'
AP - The Bush administration is backing off plans to require hospitals to ask emergency room patients their immigration status, after hospitals and advocates for immigrants protested.
Two EU reports on Turkey's membership bid suggest negotiations could take at least 10 years.
AP - Green Bay Packers Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan will undergo surgery on his left knee and miss the rest of the season.
AP - Peja Stojakovic still wants the Sacramento Kings to trade him. Until then, he seems perfectly happy to be back.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has declared his intention of recalling Rio Ferdinand to his squad for the two imminent World Cup qualifiers - but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
Jets linebacker Eric Barton was sweating profusely as he trudged off the practice field Friday. Do not confuse a bye week with an off week for the Jets, who get back 
Tony Blair was back in Downing Street last night after successful treatment for a heart condition, showing that he did not want to be regarded as a lame duck Prime Minister.
The sharemarket kicked off the December quarter at a new high yesterday, but experts are warning that it will have trouble maintaining the momentum of the past three months.
GREEN BAY, Wis. - Green Bay Packers Pro Bowl center Mike Flanagan will undergo surgery on his left knee and miss the rest of the season.
A controversial law that would give gay and lesbian couples the same right to marry, divorce and adopt children as heterosexuals was approved by Spain #39;s Socialist government Friday.
Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf says about 100 al-Qaida members have been killed in military operations near the Afghan border.
PeopleSoft's firing of its president and chief executive increased the likelihood that the company would be taken over by the Oracle Corporation.
Uefa charges Hungarian side Ferencvaros for missile throwing and racism during the Uefa Cup tie with Millwall.
U.S. and Iraqi forces claimed to have killed more than 100 guerrillas in one of the largest military operations since the war began.
President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq on Friday, taking a more aggressive approach than he had in the previous night's debate.
AP - For the first time in their history, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays won't finish last.
The woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape told investigators he ignored her entreaties to stop and said there was no doubt he heard her.
Soon you'll have the ability to pinpoint a car's or a person's location to within less than three inches using handheld devices.
Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time Friday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
NEW YORK Stocks moved sharply higher Friday after US economic data showed strength in manufacturing and construction and shrugged off a softening in consumer sentiment.
AP - President Bush will be committed during his second term to the "liberation of Cuba" by extending moral and political support to the Cuban people, a top State Department official said Friday.
Oil prices closed above \$50 a barrel for the first time yesterday as concerns linger about damage to oil production in the Gulf of Mexico from Hurricane Ivan.
The former Fannie Mae employee who assisted federal regulators in an investigation of the company #39;s accounting will not testify at a congressional hearing next week.
The Internet has emerged as a prime tool for Islamic radicals, who use its anonymity to coordinate secret operations and get their message to the public without fear of detection.
A European judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether Microsoft Corp. should be forced to create two versions of its Windows operating system, one with its program for 
elix Trinidad Jr. #39;s scintillating career seemed to end two years ago with a fourth-round technical knockout of Hacine Cherifi.
By staff and wire reports. The Boeing Co. remains slightly behind its projections for 2004 airplane deliveries, according to third-quarter figures released on Friday, setting Boeing up to possibly trail bitter 
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger on Friday dismissed the reported bust-up between his two major players as just  quot;a storm in a tea cup quot;.
Amit Yoran has abruptly resigned his position with the Homeland Security Department. Olga Grkavac, senior vice president of the Information Technology Association of America, confirmed that 
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson will recall Rio Ferdinand to his squad for two upcoming World Cup qualifiers but issued a warning to Michael Owen.
ith five minutes left in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals last night at Madison Square Garden, the Connecticut Sun had the Liberty down, if not out.
The government of Brazil denied Friday that its centrifugal plans for uranium enrichment come from the clandestine nuclear network headed by Pakistani physicist Abdul Q. Khan.
The judge in Microsoft's appeal of the antitrust measures imposed by the European Commission questioned the wisdom of those moves as the hearing wound up.
Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners broke Major League Baseball #39;s single-season hit record with two singles against the Texas Rangers.
First Command's success in its face-off with Air Force lawyers illustrates how a company with military ties can influence the people who are supposed to monitor it.
Bosnians are voting in local elections - the first held by the Bosnian authorities since the end of the war in 1995.
A 78-year-old man is accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago in the third of seven sex trials on Pitcairn.
President Bush attacked John Kerry on Iraq, taking a more aggressive approach than he had during the debate.
The U.S.-Iraqi offensive in the city about 65 miles north of Baghdad largely overwhelms rebel forces during a night and day of occasionally intense fighting.
Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger suggested punishing subordinates who criticized military dictatorships in Chile and Argentina in the 1970s, declassified documents show.
Despite the price of oil settling above \$50 a barrel for the first time, Wall Street yesterday celebrated new data showing the nation #39;s manufacturing sector expand again last month.
AP - Corey Koskie homered and hit a go-ahead two-run single in the eighth inning, lifting the Minnesota Twins over the Cleveland Indians 4-3 Friday night.
Violence erupted again yesterday in Port-au-Prince, one day after three policemen were killed in a clash with protesters demanding the return of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
AP - Quarterback Alex Smith ran for two touchdowns and Steve Savoy caught 11 passes for 150 yards in Utah's 28-7 victory over New Mexico on Friday night.
This weekend in baseball, two teams from Northern California face two teams from Southern California and all four are in contention for a playoff spot.
Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig said Friday he would prefer for the new owners of Washington's baseball franchise to select the team's name.
The Redskins have allowed nine sacks in the past two games -- a particularly large number for a Joe Gibbs-coached team.
Ichiro Suzuki set the record for hits in a season with 258, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of singles Friday.
Felix Trinidad's return to boxing may be timed well but it won't be easy facing the aggressive and dangerous Ricardo Mayorga.
Boston quickly dismisses the Orioles' goal of attaining a four-game sweep and a .500 record with an 8-3 victory on Friday night.
Randy Hymes has been the Ravens' most productive wide receiver and will start in place of the injured Travis Taylor for the third consecutive game on Monday.
Ernie Els breezes through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by finishing with an 8-under-par 64, and taking a two-shot lead in Ireland.
Georgetown is off to an 0-2 start in the Patriot League and plays Bucknell, which is playing its first conference game of the season.
A former Air Force official was sentenced to nine months in prison yesterday after admitting that she helped Boeing Co. obtain a lucrative contract in hopes of landing an executive job at the company.
The EU and US moved closer to an aviation trade war after failing to reach agreement during talks Thursday on subsidies to Airbus Industrie.
Led by General Motors Corp., the US automotive industry rebounded in September with one of its most robust months of the year. Sales were pushed up by 2005 models 
Amit Yoran has now become the fourth US cybersecurity chief in a year to quit in frustration today, giving the government only a day #39;s notice.
The loudest voice of reason came from the slightest Baltimore starter, second baseman Brian Roberts, who with a quiet but authoritative voice stated that a season #39;s 
Deposed press baron Conrad Black is doing what he does best - filing another lawsuit. This time, the former head of Hollinger International is filing another libel suit, with 
The US space agency NASA says it has pushed the resumption of space shuttle flights back one or two months until at least May next year.
The Nigerian government has confirmed reports that rebel groups in the country #39;s main oil producing region have agreed to a ceasefire.
Judge George Daniels of Federal District Court in Manhattan has 289 motions in civil cases pending - more than any federal judge in the nation.
The Bush administration, seeking to achieve an economic breakthrough in the closing weeks of an election campaign, says China has made a serious commitment to overhauling a currency system 
Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has admitted that he had a disagreement with teammate Lauren after the Champions League tie against Rosenberg on Wednesday.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier -- or risk losing his place.
HAMISH ROBERTSON: British Prime Minister Tony Blair has returned to Downing Street after undergoing hospital treatment for a heart ailment.
Crude oil closed above 50 dollars per barrel Friday for the first time as traders worry below-normal US crude inventories could not meet the soaring demand in the upcoming months.
LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair arrived home yesterday after undergoing a successful operation to correct an irregular heartbeat.
The Israeli army killed nine Palestinians in Gaza yesterday as it poured its forces into the coastal strip, expanding a ground offensive intended to root out militants firing rockets into Israeli towns.
UN peacekeepers in Haiti have struggled for a second day to control protests by supporters of deposed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
AP - Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole  #151; and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it.
The Silent Hill series of games have always been ripe with weirdness and hellish alternate realities.
AP - Families of the 35 children who died in a string of bombings in Baghdad blamed American troops for the tragedy, accusing them of attracting insurgents to a ceremony where the attacks occurred.
A US firm gets the go-ahead to sue the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund for 16m in a row over souvenirs.
The brother of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley says UK and Dutch intelligence officers have searched his home.
UN peacekeepers try for a second day to control protests by supporters of deposed President Aristide.
Two men commit suicide and two others are found dead after Australia's biggest-ever operation against child porn.
Tony Blair says he feels "fine" after hospital treatment for an irregular heartbeat, and plans to return to work on Monday.
A labor dispute between San Francisco hotel workers and management is spreading to more hotels in the city. Employees at ten major hotels are being been locked out from their jobs today.
AP - The San Francisco Giants kept pace with Houston in the wild-card race, and gave themselves an outside chance of overtaking Los Angeles in the NL West.
It is often said, mostly by broadcasters who have more time to fill than salient details, that the most important moment in a baseball game can come at any time.
Arsenal skipper Patrick Vieira has played down his spat with teammate Lauren following their team #39;s disappointing UEFA Champions League draw with Rosenborg.
There were some skeptics wondering if Giants manager Felipe Alou was making the right decision by putting veteran Kirk Rueter on the hill in literally the biggest game 
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the final of the Korea Open on Saturday, beating Anne Kremer 6-0, 6-2.
Thirteen years after leading the charge to diversify Boston's corporations, Benaree Wiley, president and chief executive of The Partnership, is stepping down to devote more time to personal interests.
Biotechnology interests have scored big wins on Beacon Hill, but in Washington it's a different story.
Mount St. Helens's small explosion, predicted for several days and posing no imminent danger to people in the region, was greeted with jaw-dropping delight by many.
NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules.
\Surgeons perfect a way to build up the size of very small penises, enabling proper urination, and a full sex life.
PeopleSoft Inc. shares surged 15 percent as investors interpreted the ouster of the company #39;s chief executive as a sign the company might now be willing to accept Oracle Corp.
NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules, officials said Friday.
Bartolo Colon cruised along, refusing to show any emotion until the final out. Then, he quickly found catcher Jose Molina and gave him a huge hug.
Home-court advantage was not kind to the New York Liberty Friday night. And the Connecticut Sun, which has built somewhat of a reputation for putting 
Stocks kicked off the fourth quarter with a solid rally on Friday as investors bet the market would shake off continued uncertainty about the election, the 
Governments from nearly 30 countries demanded Friday that the World Trade Organization undertake an urgent review of what might happen when textile quotas end Jan. 1. The 
Texas children remain in life-threatening situations and are continually abused because child protective workers are inundated with excessive caseloads, an investigative report released Friday concludes.
a limousine driver -sed his cell phone #39;s camera to snap photos of the robber and the robber #39;s truck, police said.
TechWeb - Netflix, TiVo team up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.
MOTOR racing boss Bernie Ecclestone, the man trying to axe the British Grand Prix, is backing the Mirror #39;s campaign to save the Silverstone showpiece.
Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, told a gathering of students of the University of California at Berkeley yesterday that computers would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
DEADLY SCORER: Manchester United #39;s Wayne Rooney celebrating his three goals against Fenerbahce this week at Old Trafford. (AP).
Difficult questions. Questions about the futures of Felix Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga. Very likely they will be questions only one of them will be able to answer.
Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday as the army massed an armored force in apparent preparation for a major military operation 
FOUR men committed suicide after being investigated for possessing child pornography, the government confirmed today, as it warned more arrests would be made this week.
Detroit starter Mike Maroth (11-13) failed in his bid to finish at .500 after a 21-loss season last year.
The Angels considered themselves a playoff team all along, even while they spent the summer playing catch up. Now they're one win away.
The University of New Hampshire football team will have its hands full when it travels to Villanova today for a pivotal Atlantic 10 matchup.
Marc Eddy threw for 351 yards and three touchdowns as Bentley routed Pace, 47-6, last night in Waltham.
The Boxers were supposed to be vulnerable, coming off their first loss of the season at the hands of Xaverian.
The Oliver Ames girls' soccer team assumed first place in the Hockomock League, edging King Philip, 5-4, yesterday in Easton.
An Indian security team travels to Bangladesh to decide on the tour's future.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- A former Air Force official was sentenced Friday to nine months in prison after admitting she helped Boeing Co.
SASKATOON -- Transport Canada approved yesterday an application for a suborbital space launch by a Canadian team competing in an international race to put civilians into space.
Wild weather seems to bring out the best in Ernie Els, who was both steady and spectacular yesterday in a cool rain, warm sunshine, and blustery conditions for an 8-under 
Instead of resembling the Yankees #39; best pitcher of the second half, Orlando Hernandez on Friday looked more like someone desperately fighting a weak shoulder.
Nuclear-armed rivals India and Pakistan will hold talks on the withdrawal of troops from a glacier in disputed Kashmir known as the world #39;s highest battlefield, a defence official said Wednesday.
Playing with an intensity born of embarrassment last season, the No. 14 Utes turned New Mexico into a threadbare red carpet at University Stadium on Friday night, running over the Lobos 
A European judge will hear arguments on Friday on whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music and video player from its Windows system.
The Nigerian government has signed a cease-fire with three rebel groups that had been targeting foreign oil companies and their workers in the Niger Delta region, government officials said Friday.
A group claiming to have captured two Indonesian women in Iraq has said it will release them if Jakarta frees Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir being held for alleged terrorist links.
French President Jacques Chirac wants to change his country #39;s constitution to allow for a referendum on Turkey #39;s bid to join the European Union.
The dollar creeps to a new low against the euro in early European trade, after hitting a 12-year low against sterling.
Minneapolis- The rest of baseball is hitting .330 against Terry Mulholland this season. The Indians do not know how that is possible.
AP - The government will press on with a child pornography crackdown despite the suicides of four people being investigated in the operation, an official said Saturday.
Outfielder Jose Guillen and the Anaheim Angels reached a financial settlement yesterday to resolve the grievance filed after the team recently suspended him without pay for the rest of the season.
AP - Guillermo Canas booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory Saturday over Jiri Novak at the Shanghai Open.
Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates barnstormed the Bay Area on Friday, making three public appearances to discuss the future of technology and his own philanthropic efforts.
A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
PATRICK VIEIRA insists his bust-up with Lauren will not damage Arsenal #39;s Premiership title challenge and maintains there is no dressing-room split at Highbury.
Pakistans decision to refuse the International Atomic Energy Agency to have direct access to Dr AQ Khan is correct on both legal and political counts.
Petter Solberg strengthened his grip on the Italian Rally this morning with three consecutive stage wins. The world champion held a half-minute overnight advantage from Marcus Gronholm but fastest times on 
The man who became Enron Corp. #39;s chief financial officer only a month after the energy giant declared bankruptcy has resigned.
Even the chilly weather couldnt cool down Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova as she reached the semifinals of the Hansol Korea Open yesterday in Seoul in convincing fashion.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair was recovering Saturday after successfully undergoing treatment to correct an irregular heartbeat -- but speculation about who will succeed him raged in his party.
Ever since computer giant IBM announced earlier this week that they had developed the world #39;s fastest computer, the whole nation seems to be abuzz about supercomputers.
World champion Petter Solberg extended his Rally of Italy lead to almost a minute after winning the first three stages on Saturday.
South Korea has tightened security at home and overseas after a new threat by the al-Qaida terrorist network against countries supporting the US-led coalition in Iraq.
Kidnappers holding two Indonesian women hostages in Iraq are demanding the release of a militant cleric accused of leading a terrorist group in Southeast Asia.
For three weeks, Italians across the country marched, held vigils and lit candles, and politicians united to promote freedom for a pair of humanitarian aid workers held captive in Iraq.
AFP - Glenn McGrath scalped four wickets and Justin Langer hit a century here to lead Australia's preparations for next week's Test series against India.
The man who became Enron Corporations chief financial officer only a month after the energy giant declared bankruptcy has resigned.
com October 1, 2004, 11:39 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Sven-Goran Eriksson is relishing the selection dilemma posed by the long-awaited return of Rio Ferdinand to the England squad ahead of next weekends World Cup qualifier against Wales.
Hamas militants say there will be no let-up in efforts to fire missiles at Israel, despite a major Israeli military operation.
Michael Owen, whose summer move to Real Madrid is rapidly turning into a nightmare, has been warned by national coach Sven Goran Eriksson his England place could be under threat.
Nashville - Thanks to a quick-thinking robbery victim and his camera-equipped cellphone, police had a photo of the suspect and tracked him down in 10 minutes, police said.
London - Manchester City wasted numerous chances to score on Saturday as Southampton held them to a 0-0 draw in the Premier League.
London - Michael Owen, whose summer move to Real Madrid is rapidly turning into a nightmare, has been warned by national coach Sven Goran Eriksson that his England place could be under threat.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova flattened Anne Kremer of Luxembourg 6-0, 6-2 on Saturday and cruised into the Korea Open final.
In the Lyric Opera of Chicago's reprise of Wagner's "Ring" Cycle, gymnasts dangle, flutter and lip-sync.
Gov. Rick Perry told the Texas Conservative Coalition Research Institute Friday that it is the responsibility of a conservative and compassionate government to protect the most vulnerable in society.
US and Iraqi forces tightened their grip on the rebel stronghold of Samarra on Saturday with one of the largest offensives since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
A smashing blow is being dealt to thousands of future pensioners by a law that has just been brought into force by the Federal Government.
The launch of the first Space Shuttle since the Columbia disaster has been delayed because of the impact of hurricane damage and the implementation of new safety measures.
(Sports Network) - The Cleveland Indians will continue with the second test of a regular season-ending three-game set against the Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome.
AFP - Three men charged under Britain's anti-terrorism laws on suspicion of seeking to obtain radioactive material to make a nuclear device made a brief first appearance Saturday before a London court.
A funeral for 30 victims of a mosque bombing in Sialkot, Pakistan, became violent Saturday, with protesters setting fire to several government buildings.
At least 20 people were killed in three bomb blasts Saturday in northeastern India, CNN reported. Besides the 20 dead, about 65 people were injured in the explosions, one of 
AFP - Some 200,000 people rallied in Amsterdam against the govenrment's controversial austerity and reform measures in the city's biggest demonstration in two decades.
Three men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences after a newspaper tip-off alleging the suspects tried to buy explosives for a  quot;dirty bomb quot;.
Description: NPR #39;s Robert Siegel talks with our regular sports commentator Stefan Fatsis of The Wall Street Journal about Major League baseball.
Bayern Munich and Werder Bremen both recorded European Champions League wins in mid-week to add spice to an already mouthwatering Bundesliga match this Saturday.
IBM has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that shocked the US government when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Ziff Davis - The competition between open-source and proprietary software promises to be the most significant force in IT over the next decade.
Ziff Davis - NEC Solutions America is shipping a version of its blade server bundled with a fault-tolerant version of Linux.
The body of a teenage Kenyan girl, whose parents say she was raped by British soldiers, is exhumed.
Thierry Henry scores twice as Arsenal thrash Charlton and go five points clear in the Premiership.
Partners of Computer Associates International had their concerns rekindled last week after CA announced layoffs and product changes with little detail.
NORMAN, Oklahoma (Ticker) -- Adrian Peterson hopes to carry over his stellar start to Big 12 Conference action when second-ranked Oklahoma hosts Texas Tech on Saturday.
AP - Steelers linebacker Kendrell Bell will miss a fourth consecutive game Sunday because of a sore groin.
Mutual funds dipped last quarter, but didn't dive. The losses were felt almost across the board, spanning many sectors and virtually every type of diversified fund.
LOSAIL, Qatar : World champion Valentino Rossi angrily hit out at race organisers here after he was demoted to the back of the grid for the Qatar Grand Prix.
Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say.
The world's major economic powers were far apart Saturday on agreeing how to provide debt relief for Iraq and the poorest nations, as finance officials began broader discussions about the global economy.
The annual meetings of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Washington later this week should be anything but routine.
The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley said today he was looking into reports that a new Iraqi militant group had intervened to help negotiate the engineers release.
AP - A peace activist who once fasted for 63 days to protest movie violence and war toys is launching another hunger strike to persuade Ralph Nader to abandon his presidential bid.
AP - Randy Moss was fined  #36;5,000 by the NFL for his role in a scuffle during last Sunday's game between the Vikings and Chicago Bears.
Baseball fans across Japan Saturday honored Ichiro Suzuki, the Seattle Mariners #39; Japanese player who broke major league baseball #39;s record for a season #39;s hits.
As many as 12 Palestinians died in four separate incidents on Saturday in Gaza, another day of escalating violence between Israeli forces and Palestinian militants.
The purpose of the INDUCE ACT blog will be to consolidate available information concerning the Induce Act as well as to provide new and original content about it.
Microsoft is expanding its experimental Windows XP Starter Edition program to India, the company disclosed on Wednesday. It #39;s the second such announcement from Microsoft this week.
US forces conducted on Saturday a new air strike at a suspect training base used by insurgents in Fallujah in central Iraq, the US military said in a statement.
Montenegro prosecutors charge a former karate champion over the death of a newspaper editor.
Nashville police were able to catch a robber within minutes after a robbery victim used a camera cell phone to snap a mug shot of the criminal as well as the getaway vehicle.
Kobe Bryant #39;s accuser was adamant in an interview with detectives that the Los Angeles Lakers #39; guard used force during their sexual encounter 
AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson and cleanup hitter Chipper Jones left Saturday's game against the Chicago Cubs with injuries, just days before the NL East champions begin the playoffs.
The icy wastelands of Siachen thawed a little last week. President Musharraf assured India that his forces would not seize Siachen if Indian troops vacated it.
What a shame that Larry Ellison and Craig Conway never got the chance to reunite for that highly anticipated exit interview. It would have been a blockbuster on pay-per-view.
LOS ANGELES -- The music industry is continuing its campaign against people who illegally download music through file-sharing sites.
Champions Arsenal bounced back from a disappointing Champions League performance with a scintillating display at Highbury to extend their lead at the top to five points.
While the deal will not be announced until some time next week, Baltimore Ravens tailback Jamal Lewis has reached a tentative plea agreement that will allow him to avoid both 
The last bloody exercise in the  quot;mosque-centered quot; Sunni-Shiite conflict in Pakistan occurred yesterday during Friday prayer.
Champions Arsenal opened a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League after a 4-0 thrashing of Charlton Athletic at Highbury Saturday.
Hasselt, Belgium (Sports Network) - Kim Clijsters retired in her semifinal match Saturday in the Gaz de France Stars tennis tournament with a wrist injury.
Rio Ferdinand has been hailed as a potential England captain with Sven-Goran Eriksson tipping the Manchester United defender to follow in the footsteps of Bobby Moore.
Jason White threw three touchdown passes to break Oklahoma #39;s career mark and Adrian Peterson added 146 rushing yards and a touchdown run Saturday, leading the No.
The brother of a British hostage in Iraq says intelligence officers raided his Dutch home, copied data from his computer and forced him to make a five-page statement about his activities.
Microsoft is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential 
A 78-year-old man has been accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of Pitcairn.
North Korea says there will be no more bilateral talks with South Korea unless the South #39;s secret nuclear experiments are thoroughly investigated.
The US Air Force #39;s former No. 2 weapons buyer was sentenced to nine months in prison on Friday after telling the court she had given Boeing Co.
Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener.
AFP - Bosnians voted in their third post-war local elections, which are expected to confirm the dominance of the ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists.
The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
Champions Valencia had to settle for a 1-1 draw away to Real Betis on Saturday after missing three clear chances in the closing 15 minutes.
A season that started with such high hopes for the Cubs wound up with them being eliminated from playoff contention by their fifth straight loss, 8-6 to the Atlanta Braves on Saturday.
Major international environmental groups have hailed the decision by the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin to endorse ratification of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol as a historic breakthrough in curbing global warming.
AP - Five more locked-out NHL players agreed Saturday to play in Europe, bringing the total to 185.
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Bayern Munich moved into third place in  the Bundesliga with a 2-1 victory at champions Werder Bremen in  Saturday's top game.
Phillies Manager Larry Bowa will be fired at the end of the season and pitching coach Joe Kerrigan will resign, two newspapers reported Saturday.
Chris Leak threw for a career-high 322 yards and three touchdowns, and No. 16 Florida held off another late rally to beat Arkansas.
In the first three games of this season, the Redskins have been unable to gain vital yards on the ground at the most crucial junctures, particularly in goal line situations.
Dante Ross returned two kickoffs for touchdowns and Bucknell overcame six turnovers in a 35-19 victory over Georgetown on Saturday afternoon.
Ernie Els posts a tidy round of 4-under 68, giving him a two-shot lead heading into the final round of the American Express Championship.
Lawyers for Ravens running back Jamal Lewis are negotiating a plea deal in his drug conspiracy case that would allow him to serve jail time in the offseason.
AP - Venezuela's economy should grow by 12 percent in 2004 compared to a 9.2 percent decline last year, a central bank director said Saturday.
A local favorite and a former US Open champion stand between a highly anticipated showdown between Roger Federer and Andy Roddick at the Thailand Open.
Victor Agali scored three goals within seven minutes Saturday as Nice mounted an incredible comeback to beat French first division leader Monaco 4-3.
PSV Eindhoven enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win over Groningen to increase their lead at the top of the Dutch first division on Saturday.
The Palestinian Authority condemned the Israeli operations against the Palestinians and called on the international community to pressure Israel.
The Arab League says it will hold an emergency session to discuss the violence in Gaza, which has claimed at least 56 Palestinians this week.
Reuters - The International Monetary Fund's\top policy-making group failed on Saturday to close divisions\over debt relief for the world's poorest countries.
AP - Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
Ernie Els finally looks to be over the disappointment of not winning any of this year #39;s major championships. The South African fired an 8-under-par 64 Friday 
ARSENAL ended a turbulent week on a high by sweeping Charlton aside to move to within two matches of a phenomenal 50-game unbeaten run in the English Premiership overnight.
More than 100,000 leaflets, each containing a personal plea from the family of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley, have been distributed in Baghdad.
The International Monetary Fund #39;s top policy-making group on Saturday failed to close divisions over debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins announced on Saturday they have re-signed manager Jack McKeon to a one-year contract through the 2005 season.
A number of Philadelphia newspapers reported earlier in the day that the firing was imminent and would likely come at the end of the season, but general manager Ed Wade made it official early Saturday evening.
Kyle Orton ended the 30-year drought by throwing for 385 yards and four touchdowns, leading the 15th-ranked Boilermakers over the Irish 41-to-16.
AP - Michigan's Chad Henne needed one half to warm up Saturday. Then he spent the third quarter picking apart Indiana's defense.
Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.
Funny Cide storms into the lead down the stretch and pulls away for a sweet victory in the rain in the \$1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park on Saturday.
Israeli troops seize a nine-kilometre area in Gaza to try to stop Palestinian rocket attacks inside Israeli towns.
Israeli soldiers killed nine Palestinian gunmen yesterday as tanks, troops and armoured vehicles continued with the biggest reoccupation in the Gaza strip since the Palestinian uprising began almost exactly four years ago.
NEGOTIATIONS for the release of Iraq hostage Kenneth Bigley are to begin between his captors and militants acting as intermediaries, it was claimed last night.
Ernie Els stayed on track for a maiden World Golf Championships title with a 4-under-par 68 in the third round in Ireland on Saturday.
LONDON: Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone insisted on Friday that the British Grand Prix has no chance whatsoever of making it back on to the 2005 calendar.
What happens if the Dodgers, Giants and Astros all finish the season with the same record, leaving the NL West and the NL Wild Card winners undecided?
Forensic science experts in Kenya have exhumed the body of a pregnant teenage girl who allegedly died after being raped by British troops in a remote area of the country nine years ago.
Roger Federer will bid for his 10th title of the season later today (Sunday) when he faces big-serving rival Andy Roddick in the final of the Thailand Open in Bangkok.
Kevin Brown made a compelling case for a postseason start on Saturday, allowing one hit and an unearned run over five innings.
By beating Notre Dame in South Bend for the first time since 1974, Purdue legitimized itself as one of the nation's top teams.
Purdue receiver Taylor Stubblefield began pumping his fist in celebration 40 yards before he reached the end zone. Notre Dame cornerback Dwight Ellick fell to the ground 
Unlike the problems in recent financial scandals, issues raised by Fannie Mae's regulators pertain to unwieldy accounting rules that are open to widely divergent interpretations.
Weil, Gotshal   Manges is embroiled in two lawsuits by former clients who contend that the firm breached its duty to provide them with its undivided loyalty.
Collectors have consigned hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of art for the November sales in New York.
With most hotel and restaurant workers on strike, casinos have either filled the vacancies with management or nonunion workers or curtailed services.
After months waiting for Microsoft to give me a reason to remain loyal, I finally dumped Internet Explorer for the Firefox Web browser last week.
Both employers and prospective employees are finding that blogging can be useful in the job search process.
While Microsoft and Google dominate many computer activities like search and Internet browsing, programs and utilities from smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region holds its first ever multi-candidate elections, in a vote for president.
Steve Finley smashed a grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning, capping a seven-run inning that clinched Los Angeles' first division title since 1995.
AP - Woody Williams has the fewest victories of any Cardinals starter. But he, and not Matt Morris, will get the honor of starting their playoff opener.
Anaheim scored three runs in the eighth inning off Oakland relievers to rally for a victory and clinch the American League West title.
Baseball's back in Washington. So with that award comes an acceptance letter to highlight those efforts that made this dream come to fruition.
Steve Finley's grand slam caps a seven-run rally in the bottom of the ninth inning as Los Angeles wins the NL West, beating the San Francisco Giants, 7-3.
Multinational oil companies began talks with hundreds of Nigerian villagers occupying three oil platforms on Monday in a dispute over jobs which shut 90,000 barrels per day of oil production.
The debate is not whether Barry Bonds deserves his seventh MVP award. Give it to him now. The discussion is now whether he's the greatest player ever.
For the 10 drivers competing in NASCAR's new 10-race playoff, there will be one key goal Sunday in Talladega: staying out of trouble.
Madison, MS (Sports Network) - Fred Funk fashioned an eight-under 64 on Saturday to grab a one-stroke lead through three rounds of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic.
The state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in Seattle is offering free legal help to anyone facing FBI questioning.
LONDON: England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson is counting on teenager Wayne Rooney to strike fear into Wales when they meet in next weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier.
Guillermo Canas on Saturday cruised past the only other seeded player remaining in the Heineken Open draw when he routed Jiri Novak to reach the final.
Purdue offensive coordinator Jim Chaney doesn #39;t care to coach football as an 11-on-11 sport. He wants the game boiled down to his guy against the other guy.
The Atlanta Braves rallied from a four-run deficit and handed the Cubs their fifth consecutive loss 8-to-6, knocking Chicago out of the wild-card race.
Larry Bowa wasn #39;t going to be the manager of the Phillies next year. He wasn #39;t even going to be the manager of the Phillies next week.
South African Ernie Els is poised to turn around a disappointing season and win his first World Golf Championship title after he shot a third round four-under 68 at Mount Juliet.
That was the message Saturday, from a quarterback shootout when two teams gained 873 yards through the air, and 175 on the ground.
Kevin Brown gave manager Joe Torre exactly what he was looking for, even if the skipper had to see it on television. Brown may not have been efficient, but he 
Much has been made of Virginia Techs extensive deployment of freshman wide receivers. It might be time to make much of another freshman.
The militant Iraqi group which last week released two Italian hostages is bartering with the terrorists holding British hostage Ken Bigley in order to release him for a ransom.
A sexual abuse trial garnering international attention began on tiny Pitcairn Island, one of the most isolated places in the world.
Britain will run out of leading scientists unless science education is improved, says Professor Colin Pillinger.
His postseason fate now formally sealed, Moises Alou #39;s eyes filled any gaps his words left behind. The disappointment, the confusion, the shock.
by staff. Carlos Checa (Gauloises Fortuna Yamaha) was forced to retire from third position with only two laps remaining of today #39;s inaugural Qatar Grand Prix.
The British Daily Telegraph newspaper reported on Monday that Britain would host an international peace conference on the Middle East in London early next year after winning an agreement from the United States.
AP - The Anaheim Angels capped a stirring comeback with one final rally, and now they're champions of the AL West for the first time in 18 years.
The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. Steve Finley #39;s grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of 
The Australian Federal Police commissioner, Mick Keelty, says more than 500 Australians could be implicated in a child Internet porn network.
Steve Finley smashed a grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning, capping a seven-run inning that clinched Los Angeles' first division title since 1995.
Freddy Adu scores on a deflected shot early in the first half, leading D.C. United to a 1-0 victory over the MetroStars on Saturday night.
The United States and its major economic allies struggled yesterday to resolve deep differences over how best to relieve the heavy debt burden for Iraq and the world #39;s poorest countries.
The Uruguayan government has decided to ban the sales of medicine containing rofecoxib, which is used against arthritis and severe pain, local media reported Saturday.
It wasn #39;t pretty but Bayern Munich claimed a victory over arch rivals Werder Bremen on Saturday, moving up to third in the league with a 2-1 win.
Forty-six years of Major League Baseball in sunny Southern California came down to one magical afternoon Saturday as the Dodgers and Angels clinched their respective 
Guillermo Canas booked his third finals appearance of the season with a 6-1, 6-2 victory yesterday over a faltering Jiri Novak at the Shanghai Open.
Mel Stottlemyre revealed some of the Yankees #39; postseason pitching plans on Saturday afternoon, but Kevin Brown #39;s performance and the health of Orlando Hernandez are clouding 
AP - Hawaii's Timmy Chang moved into second place on the NCAA career passing yardage list Saturday night.
In Evangeline Parish, La., squirrel season's opening celebrates and preserves a distinct Cajun custom.
The Bush administration yesterday gave Italy the benefit of the doubt amid reports that Rome had paid a terrorist group in Iraq a \$1 million ransom to secure the release of two Italian hostages.
Police arrest the president of Haiti's senate and two other supporters of former president Bertrand Aristide.
The White House embraced the theory that aluminum tubes bound for Iraq were for nuclear centrifuges despite contrary views from America's leading nuclear scientists.
Unlike recent financial scandals, issues raised by Fannie Mae's regulators pertain to unwieldy accounting rules that are open to widely divergent interpretations.
While Microsoft and Google dominate Internet browsing and search, smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
Late last night in their game against Minnesota, the Penn State Nittany Lions needed to make a comeback. More appropriately, they needed their offense.
Afghan intelligence agents backed by international peacekeeping troops have arrested 60 people, with  quot;reported ties quot; to the Taliban, according to a spokesman for the peacekeepers .
Rich nations failed to agree at meetings this weekend on a plan for canceling the debts the world #39;s poorest countries owe to the World Bank and International Monetary Fund.
Bremen, Germany (Sports Network) - Bayern Munich exacted some revenge Saturday afternoon with a 2-1 win over defending Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen.
Laurence Maroney rushed for 144 yards and a touchdown Saturday night while leading No. 19 Minnesota to a 16-7 victory over Penn State.
Major League Baseball finally did what many expected: It announced Washington, DC, will be the new home of the Expos. The best choice?
Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\said the army operation in northern Gaza would expand and\continue for as long as necessary to prevent Palestinian rocket\attacks on Israel.
Noah Herron scored on a 2-yard run in overtime and had two other touchdowns, and Northwestern backed up its pregame trash talk with a 33-27 upset victory over No.
Auburn: Every team worth its shoulder pads strives for offensive balance, and the Tigers have the potential to be one heck of a balanced team.
A jailed Indonesian cleric refused to be freed in exchange for two hostages held in Iraq, claiming that kidnapping and holding fellow Muslims is not permitted in Islam.
More than 25 individuals with reported links to the Taliban and its al-Qaeda allies were arrested by Afghan security forces overnight in two locations, spokesmen said Saturday.
SHANGHAI, China -- Argentina #39;s Guillermo Canas overpowered Jiri Novak in straight sets to book his place in the final of the Shanghai Open.
Jason Campbell passed for 252 yards and two touchdowns Saturday to lead the ninth-ranked Auburn Tigers over eighth-ranked Tennessee, 34-10.
BAGHDAD: A militant group in Iraq has claimed in a statement posted on the Internet on Saturday that it kidnapped and beheaded an Iraqi construction contractor working on a US military base.
With Rice and San Jose State having made a mockery of the concept of defense, the Spartans picked a most opportune time for a defensive stand.
After chasing the Athletics all September, the Angels scored three times in the eighth inning to beat Oakland 5-4 Saturday and clinch their first division title in 18 years.
SEOUL : UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei arrived in South Korea, where his agency is investigating unauthorised nuclear research.
Ernie Els holds a two-shot lead at the WGC Championship at Mount Juliet.
South Africas Ernie Els tees off on the 8th hole at Mount Juliet Golf course in the World Golf Championship in Thomastown, Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency arrived in South Korea on Sunday amid concerns over the country #39;s past nuclear experiments.
In his first fight since retiring in early 2002, Felix Trinidad Jr. knocked out Ricardo Mayorga with a stunning right at 2:39 of the eighth round of their middleweight bout.
 Whenever I organize my e-mails for an occasional column on reader feedback, I am amazed at the deluge on any subject involving customer service.
The stock market marches to its own drumbeat, although politicians of both major parties spend a lot of time and money telling voters otherwise.
Nintendo #39;s press conferences at the Los Angeles Electronic Entertainment Expo have always been more raucous than those of its competitors.
Raytheon Co. #39;s largest area union of manufacturing employees approved a three-year contract yesterday, according to labor officials and the Waltham defense contractor.
Google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced Internet search technology.
Miamis Frank Gore (3) runs past Georgia Techs Dawan Landry (20) during Saturdays game at Georgia Tech. Gore rushed for 127 yards on 25 carries.
Some US computer users vastly under-estimate the dangers of going online, a survey shows.
com. An Auburn touchdown with 52 seconds left in the first half Saturday night brought a smile to celebrity Tiger fan Charles Barkley pacing the sideline.
Like thousands of other hopeful New England football fans, John T. Maguire bought a pair of Patriots season tickets in 1994, the same year Robert Kraft bought the team.
For Keri and Mark Seitz, it's come down to this: a new baby or a house?
Last week's disclosure that former House Speaker Thomas Finneran will run the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council was just the latest sign that life sciences is a key industry in Boston.
Most investors envy Jack R. Meyer with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
Following a lifetime of helping people through his church work, a \$575,000 gift from the Rev. Donald Bartone will help renew that dedication nearly two years after his death.
I've been explaining quite a bit of late about a new federal law that allows banks to convert your checks to digital images.
Washington lawyer William Wilhelm knows from experience that not everybody loves his BlackBerry as much as he does.
A commercial spaceliner and a Woodstock-like space festival are the next planned steps in what has been called a  quot;personal space flight revolution.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jason Campbell threw for 252 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 8 Auburn proved itself as a national title contender by overwhelming No.
Purdue senior quarterback Kyle Orton demolished both a secondary and a streak as he led the 15th-ranked Boilermakers to a 41-16 victory over Notre Dame (3-2).
SEOUL, South Korea - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won the Korea Open on Sunday, routing Polands Marta Domachowska 6-1, 6-1.
Larry Bowa #39;s fiery personality made him a fan favorite during his playing days in Philadelphia. It also helped cost him his job as manager.
Church congregations in north-east India are preparing to hold special services after blasts and gun attacks killed at least 56 people on Saturday.
FALLUJAH, Iraq: Two civilians were killed and 10 injured in a series of overnight air strikes in rebel-held Fallujah, the city hospital said Sunday.
Microsoft today unveiled a technical preview of SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a newly developed free database management tool and the second Community Technology Preview of the SQL Server 2005 database.
WHILE WASHINGTON was celebrating a home run Wednesday, Northern Virginia stood helplessly at the plate watching a third strike go by.
US and Iraqi forces announced they seized control of the Iraqi city Samarra on Saturday, after engaging in fierce battles with anti-occupation fighters.
A US air strike hits the rebellious city of Falluja, as the Iraqi government says it is now in control of Samarra.
US scientists warn that Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state is likely to erupt again at any time.
BAGHDAD -- These days the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq is talking less and less about Islam and not at all about revolution.
To listen to Iraq's new police officers is to hear the voices of under-equipped and under-trained men, often unnerved by the danger but determined to work.
The belly butterflies will be in full flight this afternoon when the 43-car field takes the green flag at Talladega (Ala.) Superspeedway.
A season that started with such high hopes for the Cubs wound up with them being eliminated from playoff contention by their fifth straight loss, 8-6, to the Atlanta Braves Saturday.
OAKLAND, Calif. -- Once they got their chance to go head to head, the Anaheim Angels showed Oakland which team was best in the AL West.
The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. This year, they'll be playing.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Another week, another Big Ten opponent. Another win for Notre Dame?
EASTON, Pa. -- Lafayette's offense excited its homecoming crowd of 5,365 with 399 total yards yesterday, but it was still no match for Harvard.
Reading fans knew Middlesex League rival Woburn had a sensational player in Boston College-bound running back Mike McLaughlin. Yesterday, the host Rockets learned Woburn also has Hart.
Scientists monitoring Mount St. Helens, which erupted with a minor explosion on Friday, said that they were expecting a more powerful explosion within a day or so.
Indian police said investigations are under way into attacks that left at least 49 people dead yesterday in two northeastern frontier states that have been troubled by insurgencies.
Area travel agents say forget about taking that fall-break getaway to hurricane-hammered Florida. The situation may not be much better by Thanksgiving, Christmas or even spring break for 
Reuters - A pilotless U.S. spy plane\crashed near its military base in southern Pakistan on Sunday\but there were no casualties or damage, police said.
Early autumn is a fine time for stargazers, with generally clear skies, moderate temperatures and darkness falling earlier and earlier in the evenings.
Guillermo Canas wrapped up the Shanghai Open title with consummate ease on Sunday following a 6-1 6-0 win against Lars Burgsmuller.
US forces continued to search door-to-door for any remaining insurgents in Samarra Sunday as citizens arrived at the city #39;s main hospital to claim the bodies of those killed.
A Muslim negotiator involved in trying to free British hostage Ken Bigley has expressed guarded optimism he will be freed, it is reported.
American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is reportedly poised to launch a takeover bid for Manchester United.
For 12 days in the middle of August, a research firm commissioned by Sports Illustrated polled 1,004 sports fans on a variety of topics for the magazine's 50th anniversary issue.
President Bush, who credits three years of tax relief programs with helping strengthen the slow economy, said Saturday he would sign into law the Working Families Tax Relief Act to preserve tax cuts.
Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies yesterday, a day before the end of another disappointing year. The Phillies failed to reach the playoffs for the 11th straight season after coming 
Two Palestinians were killed Sunday when Israeli soldiers fired at a house in the Jabalya refugee camp in Gaza, Palestinian hospital and medical sources said.
China #39;s Sun Yingjie clocked 68 minutes and 40 minutes to win the women #39;s individual title of the world half-marathon championships here Sunday.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has had a successful operation for recurrent heart palpitations and is doing well, Sky TV reported on Friday.
The International Monetary Fund appears to be unable to agree on a debt relief plan for the world's poorest nations.
Music downloading and file-sharing are on the increase, and record companies who attempt to regulate illegal downloaders get short shrift from internet users, a survey reveals today.
Last year Brady Quinn entered Purdue #39;s Ross-Ade Stadium as a tentative freshman embarking on a crash course in college quarterbacking.
It was a tough job to fill. Who could possibly be recruited two years ago to take over the Securities and Exchange Commission, and rescue it from several tumultuous years?
They are two schools known for their quarterback pedigree. Purdue #39;s Kyle Orton and Notre Dame #39;s Brady Quinn added to that mystique Saturday.
A Kuwaiti newspaper reported that a new group is trying to secure Bigleys release, which could include the possibility of a ransom.
Unidentified gunmen opened fire on the house of Mauritania #39;s national security chief early Sunday, police in the coup-prone West African country said.
Two of the world's largest brewers - Belgium's Inbev and Holland's Heineken - announce new takeovers in Germany and Russia respectively.
A team of aviation pioneers with dreams of one day offering tourist trips into space will tomorrow attempt to clinch a 5.5 million prize by launching a craft beyond the 
The Darfur crisis has laid bare an unspoken Arab-African fault line that runs from Mauritania in the west, to Sudan in the east.
A string of bomb and gun attacks in northeastern India continued for a second day Sunday as blasts in a crowded market, a tea plantation and elsewhere killed three people and wounded another 18.
 SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Argentine Guillermo Canas crushed  Germany's Lars Burgsmuller 6-1 6-0 to win the Shanghai Open on  Sunday.
Tennessee tailback Cedric Houston needed only 61 yards against Auburn to reach the 2,000 yard mark, but he came up six yards short.
In a game with 1,048 yards of total offense, it #39;s hard to believe either Notre Dame or Purdue would come up short in any department.
A vast police operation in France and Spain netted at least 18 suspected members of the armed Basque separatist group ETA and large stocks of weapons, authorities said.
Bangkok: Fourteen people were killed and five injured Sunday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthaya, officials and witnesses said.
AFP - UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said he wants South Korea to come clean about past unauthorized nuclear experiments and not to repeat its mistake.
The world #39;s leading finance officials and ministers appear to be failing to reach agreement on debt relief for the poorest nations.
More than 150,000 people took to the streets to protest planned cuts to social benefits in what police described as the largest anti-government demonstrations in the Netherlands in 20 years.
The people of Slovenia are voting in the first parliamentary elections since the country joined the European Union and Nato earlier this year.
Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard, could sell the investment bank rather than float it on the stock market, the Observer newspaper has reported.
The Georgia Bulldogs insisted all week that they didn #39;t circle this game on their calendars after losing twice to LSU last season.
Within the past two weeks, we also celebrated our 10th anniversary and 15th anniversary of holding two of our favorite investments.
Puerto Rican middleweight Felix Trinidad has returned to the ring in spectacular fashion beating Ricardo Mayorga in his comeback fight at Madison Square Garden.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won the Korea Open on Sunday with an easy 6-1, 6-1 victory over Poland #39;s Marta Domachowska.
The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley says he has received a pledge from the Gadaffi family that they would help to secure his release.
A MASSIVE explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand today killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is reportedly poised to launch a takeover bid for Manchester United.
A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand today killed 14 people, including a four-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
US stocks rose this week after reports showed the economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter and manufacturing expanded in September for a 16th straight month.
About 14 people were killed and two others were injured Sunday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s central Ayuthaya province, said a local official.
Voters in Slovenia, Serbia and Georgia #39;s breakaway republic of Abkhazia cast ballots Sunday in elections for lawmakers and government leaders.
Hospital officials in Iraq say police have found the bodies of a man and a woman south of Baghdad. Both appeared to be Westerners, but neither had identification.
The head of the United Nations nuclear agency is in Seoul, South Korea, to discuss the country #39;s past unauthorized nuclear experiments.
Pope John Paul II will declare two controversial Roman Catholic figures blessed at a Vatican ceremony on Sunday. Beatification is the last step on the road to sainthood.
Afghan and international forces laid a security ring around Kabul on Monday in preparation for the inauguration of Hamid Karzai as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly elected 
An explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand kills at least 14 people and injures several others.
A view shows Gaza from an Israeli guard tower at the border area of the Gaza strip and the Jewish settelment of Nissanit. Photo: AFP.
WASHINGTON - The Energy Department said last week it has approved another emergency oil loan to a refining company to make up for crude supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.
Merck Labs has pulled Vioxx, their arthritis drug, off the market after discovering during trials the possibility of a link to stroke or heart attack.
Elena Dementieva fought back from an atrocious start against fellow Russian Elena Bovina to win the Gaz de France Stars tournament in Belgium.
London - David Beckham will remain as England skipper despite his poor recent form, national coach Sven-Goran Eriksson said on Sunday.
Purdue receiver Taylor Stubblefield found inspiration in some comments he read from Notre Dame cornerback Dwight Ellick before Saturday #39;s football game.
Two Sydney-based Royal Australian Navy officers have been charged by police with possession of child pornography allegedly downloaded from the internet on to a computer on board their ship.
Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismios breakthrough clustering technology.
ENGLISH Premier League champion Arsenal opened a five-point lead at the top of the table after a 4-0 thrashing of Charlton Athletic at Highbury yesterday.
Petter Solberg of Norway drove his Subaru to victory in the Rally of Italy in Sardinia on Sunday to keep alive his slim chances of retaining the world title.
Police detained 21 suspects, including an ETA leader, and seized a large arms cache on Sunday in a sweep against the Basque guerrilla group in France and Spain, officials said.
PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon said yesterday Israel would expand its deadliest Gaza offensive in four years, keeping troops in the area indefinitely.
BERKELEY, Calif. California refused to run up the score or beg for poll votes. Maybe the Bears should have. Cal was left out of the Bowl Championship Series.
Iran says it will take part in a US-sponsored conference on election plans for Iraq due to be held in Cairo next month.
American soldiers venture out of their bases into dangerous streets, confronting myriad of  unseen risks.
With crude oil prices pushing to above \$50 per barrel, the world is dividing into camps of winners and losers.
In the off season, it is for most F1 and racing fans, a long time with no racing action. The Race of Champions gives the fans a little breath.
Although the economy as a whole is in its best shape in three decades, improved growth is threatened by disparities between wealthy nations and the developing world as well as rising oil prices.
THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Ernie Els held off a strong challenge from playing partner Thomas Bjorn to win the American Express Championship by one shot Sunday.
THE unidentified bodies of a decapitated man and a woman who died of bullet wounds have been found south of the Iraqi capital, hospital officials said today.
Application migration specialist ArtinSoft is planning tools to smooth customers #39; transition from Oracle to Microsoft Corp #39;s SQL Server.
ARE Arsenal truly the Invincibles or are we merely witnessing the breakdown of what is laughably called the best football league in Europe?
WHEN it comes to national security as an election issue, John Howard still leads Mark Latham by a wide margin as preferred prime minister.
A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand has killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
AP - Thousands of tourists spent hours gazing at Mount St. Helens, packing buildings, crowding parking lots and watching from roadsides to see what the rumbling mountain would do next.
Information technology company Electronic Data Systems Corp. on Friday said it reached a modified agreement for a Navy Marine Corps intranet contract, effective immediately.
A Palestinian militant was killed Sunday afternoon by an Israeli army missile in eastern Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza, Palestinian medics and witnesses reported.
The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said he is aware nuclear experiments South Korea has conducted were small, but noted his agency needs to make sure they will not be repeated.
THE federal Office of Film and Literature Classification has refused to classify controversial game Manhunt, banning it from sale in Australia.
European soccer #39;s governing body threatened to remove the 2008 European Championships from hosts Austria and Switzerland, citing the Swiss for failing to build a new stadium in Zurich.
A World Bank expert said the year 2004 is going to be a good year for China as the country #39;s economy will grow rapidly with higher-than 
As the presidential campaign enters its final month, Sen. John Kerry and President Bush on Saturday offered starkly different views of the economy in a deliberate shift from Iraq.
BACK in 1959, the seven men chosen to be the first Americans in space were trained on what Nasa called airborne microgravity missions.
A 5-year-old girl who was taken to Singapore for treatment after being critically wounded in the Australian Embassy bombing in Indonesia will be flown home to Italy.
Kenya #39;s Paul Kirui won the world half-marathon title Sunday, capping a year in which he also captured 13.1-mile races in Rome and Berlin.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson tipped Rio Ferdinand as a future captain on Saturday ahead of the Manchester United defender #39;s return to the national squad.
US stocks look to open flat on Monday as investors pause after a busy week on Wall Street, with oil prices ticking higher and the dollar still hovering near record lows.
Reuters - A decision by the Bush administration to sanction two top Indian scientists for nuclear cooperation with Iran highlighted the risks of improving U.S. relations with the South Asian power.
AFP - Chief UN war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte said that the UN court investigating atrocities in the former Yugoslavia had transferred a case to Serbian prosecutors for the first time.
HSBC Holdings, Europe #39;s biggest bank by market value, said Monday that David Eldon would retire as chairman of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp.
Iran's conservative-dominated parliament votes to sack Transport Minister Ahmad Khorram.
U.S. and Iraqi forces scoured Samarra for holdouts today after reclaiming control of the city from Sunni militants in fierce fighting that won praise for Iraqi troops.
AP - European soccer's governing body threatened to remove the 2008 European Championships from hosts Austria and Switzerland, citing the Swiss for failing to build a new stadium in Zurich.
The Redskins and Browns have traded field goals and are tied, 3-3, in the first quarter in Cleveland.
No doubt, Google and Yahoo! are great search engines. Google is great in speed and straightforward search results, while Yahoo! excels in integration of services.
The United States space agency Nasa has salvaged precious solar dust from the \$260-million Genesis capsule that crashed to Earth three weeks ago.
PARIS : Bago handed the Niarchos Family their first ever Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe here at Longchamp racecourse in stunning style.
Iran has dismissed a proposal by US presidential candidate John Kerry, that Tehran be provided nuclear fuel if it agrees to give up its fuel-making capabilities.
London - Members of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi #39;s family have pledged to support efforts to free British hostage Kenneth Bigley, his brother claims.
AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:
U.S. forces said they are beginning the second phase of the operation, turning the city over to Iraqi police and military forces.
Penalties imposed on Microsoft by the European Union are unlikely to rein in the software giant and could result in higher costs for other software developers, regulators said on Friday.
Australian international goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer increased his chances of a move to Manchester United with an inspired display to earn Middlesbrough a deserved 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.
Fred Funk shot an eight-under par 64 to seize a one-stroke lead after the third round of the US PGA Tour Southern Farm Bureau Classic in Madison, Mississippi.
Bago restored the lustre to his reputation with a sensational return to form in the Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe Lucien Barriere at Longchamp today.
Hundreds of human rights campaigners have held a vigil outside a prison to protest against Britain #39;s detention without trial of 11 foreign terror suspects.
Subaru team leader Petter Solberg has won the Rally Italia Sardinia today Sunday, dominating the event from the outset, and eventually taking the honours by 2 minutes 7.9 seconds.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive into northern Gaza, saying troops will remain in the area until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted.
After two weeks of focusing on Iraq, Democratic presidential challenger John Kerry turned his emphasis to the economy Saturday, delivering what he called a plan for  quot;middle-class families.
HOUSTON NASA has put off the first shuttle flight since the Columbia disaster because hurricanes postponed work on new safety measures.
Rio Ferdinand, Wayne Rooney and Sol Campbell returned to the England fold as coach Sven-Goran Eriksson named his squad on Sunday for World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan.
It was bad enough when Northwestern receiver Mark Philmore said Ohio State was no better than the Wildcats, conveniently overlooking all that tradition and those four national titles.
Reuters - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and\easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for\the sluggish selling devices.
On Friday, PeopleSoft announced the Board of Directors #39; decision to terminate Craig Conway as President and CEO of the Company, effective immediately.
AFP - Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir said he was ready to sign a peace deal with southern rebels and that he did not want to govern the country alone.
Italy begins deporting immigrants directly from the island of Lampedusa, the first port of call for boats from North Africa.
It began about a decade ago as an e-mail newsletter from Craig telling friends about upcoming events in San Francisco, and grew so popular it is now a full-fledged 
AP - It's going to take a really good team to stop the red-hot Philadelphia Eagles. Right now, mediocre is a reach for the Chicago Bears.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Swiss star Roger Federer captured his 10th tennis title of the year by defeating Andy Roddick in the Thailand Open final Sunday in Bangkok.
AP - Sometime during the last several weeks, pitcher Jarrod Washburn began to sense a change in the mood surrounding the Anaheim Angels. Losing was no longer an option.
John Howards official election campaign launch in Brisbane - after heavily campaigning for the previous month and arguably all year -as a monstrous bonanza for Howards battlers.
AP - Manchester United salvaged a 1-1 tie with Middlesbrough in the Premier League on Sunday on an 81st-minute goal by substitute Alan Smith.
The Tampa Bay Devil Rays set a franchise record with their 70th victory, beating the Detroit Tigers 7-4 Sunday behind Matt Diaz and John Halama.
Nomar Garciaparra can become a free agent after the World Series and will consider returning to the Chicago Cubs, his team for the final two months this season.
Finance officials failed to resolve their differences over debt relief for the worlds poorest countries and Iraq while expressing concern about the impact high oil prices would have on a strengthening global economy.
Donovan McNabb passed for 237 yards and a touchdown Sunday as the Philadelphia Eagles posted a 19-9 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Sven-Goran Eriksson tonight handed Phil Neville an England lifeline as the Manchester United defender joined club team-mates Rio Ferdinand and Wayne Rooney in returning to the England squad.
John Cerutti, a former Toronto pitcher and current Blue Jays television announcer, was found dead in his hotel room Sunday morning, the team said.
Tiki Barber ran for a 52-yard touchdown and Kurt Warner threw a touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey to lead the New York Giants past the Green Bay Packers 14-7 on Sunday.
AFP - An official at Fox News Channel said that one of its political reporters has been disciplined for posting a fake news item on its website about Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
Responding to rocket fire, Israel has escalated strikes on Gaza, killing at least 50 Palestinians.
Over the weekend, a series of attacks killed more than 50 people in the states of Nagaland and Assam.
A tremor at Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington prompts fresh warnings of an eruption.
AP - The Houston Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.
AP - Joe Palau had an advantage over most Montreal Expos fans who wanted to say goodbye at the team's last game.
The Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado on Sunday.
Economic recovery in the euro zone is firmly established and inflation poses no threat, Otmar Issing, a European Central Bank executive board member, said Sunday.
By Thomas Watterson  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor. Today #39;s sideways stock market is hard on mutual-fund companies.
This oil thing is just temporary, Wall Street has been figuring, and figuring and figuring. The surge in prices is a temporary phenomenon that #39;s lasted for two years now.
The US Patent and Trademark Office has preliminarily rejected a Microsoft patent on a system for recognizing computer files, a victory for  quot;open source quot; advocates 
BERKELEY: The US has nothing to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in India and China, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of Microsoft said.
The battle for the United Kingdom developer Chelsfield intensified over the weekend, with reports from London that executives of the property giant are considering a management buyout to 
Having missed out at all four of the majors this season, Ernie Els rewarded himself with the next best thing by winning a World Championship.
ORCHARD Park, NY The New England Patriots posted their record-tying 18th consecutive victory by scoring two touchdowns in the fourth quarter of a 31-to-17 win at Buffalo.
The Houston Astros capped a remarkable late-season turnaround by capturing the National League wild card playoff berth on Sunday with a 5-3 win over the Colorado Rockies.
His team #39;s national title hopes dashed, West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez searched for a positive to take out of the Mountaineers #39; loss to middling Virginia Tech.
Reuters - World finance ministers gathered\under heavy guard on Sunday to discuss efforts to fight terror\financing while warning the world must stay focused on the\economic recovery and fight against poverty.
World number one Roger Federer thumped Andy Roddick 6-4 6-0 for his tenth title of the season at the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Sunday.
(Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins and Cleveland Indians will close out the regular season with a doubleheader of sorts, as the teams battle at the Metrodome today.
Iran said on Sunday that it might halt snap UN inspections on its nuclear sites if its parliament approved it, the official IRNA news agency reported.
Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.
these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 lawsuits against users who were using file trading programs to download music over the internet.
BANGKOK - Fourteen people were killed and five injured yesterday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthya, officials and witnesses said.
After 30 years of coming up short in Notre Dame Stadium, the Boilermakers took the fight out of the Irish early to remain unbeaten (4-0), winning 41-16.
Separatists are suspected of bombing a crowded market, a tea plantation and other sites yesterday, killing seven people in a second day of explosions and gun attacks that have 
The Irish government has stepped up its efforts to free the British hostage in Iraq, Ken Bigley, whose mother is from Ireland, by talking to diplomats from Iran and Jordan.
  (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and  technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any  opinions in the column are his alone.)
Leading distributor of Linux open source solutions to the enterprise Red Hat, Inc has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online, Inc to acquire certain assets of Netscape Security Solutions.
The Anaheim Angels and Los Angeles Dodgers showed the baseball world how the Wests were won Saturday afternoon. After chasing Oakland and Texas for most of the season, the Angels scored three times in the 
Paul Bigley, brother of the hostage Ken Bigley, said yesterday that a third visit had been made to his home in Amsterdam by a Metropolitan police officer and Dutch anti-terrorist police.
AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the Muslim world and the West to stop blaming each other and start a dialogue between their two different cultures.
AP - A massive explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand on Sunday killed 14 people, including a 4-year-old boy, and injured two others, a police official said.
Two rival Shia militia groups clash in a town in southern Lebanon and army forces are called in to calm the situation.
Top-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva rallied Sunday to take a three-set win over Russian Elena Bovina in the final at the inaugural Gaz de France Stars.
AP - Bill Belichick points out that streaks mean nothing without titles.
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks finished their worst year on a winning streak.
AP - Fresno State is out of the BCS mix  #151; again.
AP - Wayne Levi won his second Champions Tour event Sunday, shooting a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory at the Constellation Energy Classic.
Ben Broussard hit a two-run homer to lift the Cleveland Indians, who sent the A.L. Central champion Twins to Yankee Stadium for the start of the playoffs.
Connecticut reached the W.N.B.A. Finals for the first time by beating the Liberty on Sunday behind Taj McWilliams-Franklin's 18 points.
The Astros charge into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado 5-3 Sunday to win the NL wild card.
It's going to take a really good team to stop the red-hot Philadelphia Eagles. Right now, mediocre is a reach for the Chicago Bears.
As a dedicated short-seller for nearly eight years, Manuel Asensio became known as one of the most ruthless investors in the business.
Supporters of Haiti #39;s ousted president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, threw stones and fired guns on streets littered with debris and overturned cars on 
Miami, FL -- Donnie Abraham returned an interception 66 yards for a touchdown to help the New York Jets to a 17-9 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Pro Player Stadium.
AP - Fish with both male and female sex tissue have been discovered near Colorado wastewater treatment plants on the South Platte River and Boulder Creek.
Peter Mandelson faces a three-hour grilling from MEPs before he is able to take up the job as Europe's trade commissioner.
The Jets came up with four turnovers by Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler in the second half, including an interception returned 66 yards for a touchdown.
AP - Barry Bonds won his second National League batting title in three seasons and shattered the on-base percentage and walks records he set two years ago.
Microsoft CEO says he believes the situation has improved greatly and can only get better.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. charged from 11th place to a victory and the series points lead in the last five laps of Sunday's NASCAR Nextel Cup race.
Halsey M. Minor, the former CNET guru, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
Oracle will try to prove that PeopleSoft's directors acted irresponsibly in rejecting Oracle's \$7.7 billion tender offer.
In the literary corners of the Web, poets denounce T. S. Eliot and fans write new stories for Jane Austen's characters.
Gerard Houllier is looking forward to a return to Premiership management despite the disappointment of his departure from Liverpool.
Critics of the tactics that the Israel Defense Forces are employing against the terrorists of Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Al-Aqsa, which have also caused casualties among Palestinian civilians, ignore 
The Dutch retailer Ahold has sold its network of almost 600 Spanish retail stores to the private equity group Permira in an \$850 million deal, the two companies said on Sunday.
The Nikkei average rose 1.37 percent at the opening on Monday as a recovery in US stocks encouraged investors to seek bargains among lagging issues, including Canon Inc.
WASHINGTON -- Financial officials from the world #39;s economic powers ended their meeting in Washington Sunday without a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations.
Airbus, the aerospace giant, has started talks with suppliers about building a rival to Boeing #39;s new commercial airliner, the 7e7 Dreamliner.
Tokyo stocks surged at the open on Monday, fueled by Wall Street #39;s gains last week. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
VERONA, Italy Oscar Freire loves to visit Verona and is sorry that his job brings him here only every five years and then for just a few days.
Spain #39;s Oscar Freire celebrates as he crosses the finish line to win the elite road race of the 2004 UCI world road cycling championships.
LAHORE: A group of 16 Pakistani journalists crossed the Wagah border on Sunday on their way to Srinagar to see the situation in Kashmir themselves.
In December, D.C. developer Joe Horning Horning is to unveil the results of the \$40 million renovation project.
In Washington and in the state capitals, interest groups have long chosen to ring government buildings with their own offices as a display of their clout and determination.
Celebrities bolster investor interest in Prince George's County as more businesses chase the rising wealth of the black middle class.
The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. More like New Clustering Search Engine goes Beta.
Halsey M. Minor, the founder of CNET, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
Bob Edwards, formerly of National Public Radio, is set to start broadcasting over satellite radio, which came broadly available in the United States just three years ago.
In most Internet categories, successful sites have led to copycats. But one growing Internet service has attracted a loyal following but, strangely, no rivals.
As educators look for ways to move to smaller high schools, Manhattan Theater Lab is starting out with just over 100 freshmen.
pioneering bid to win a \$10 million (5.6 million pounds) prize and prove that space is open for business. space travel as ordinary as a Caribbean cruise.
AP - Sacramento Kings center Greg Ostertag will be out four-to-six weeks after breaking his right hand in a fall at his home Saturday night.
Reuters - Former Blue Jays pitcher and television\commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room\on Sunday. He was 44.
AP - Comedian Denis Leary hosts a hockey game each year to raise money for firefighters in need. This year, he had added incentive.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - Former Blue Jays pitcher and television  commentator John Cerutti was found dead in a Toronto hotel room  on Sunday. He was 44.
The Patriots, who have not lost since Sept. 28, 2003, joined four teams with 18 consecutive victories.
Tiki Barber sprinted for a 52-yard touchdown in the third quarter, the play that the Giants would ride to their third victory of the season.
On the final day of this regular season, the big league drama did not unfold on the field, but in the San Francisco clubhouse.
A classic Tom Brady performance and a fumble-return touchdown by Richard Seymour secures an NFL record-tying 18th consecutive with for the Patriots as they beat the Bills, 31-17.
Giants tailback Tiki Barber rushes for 182 yards and Packer quarterback Brett Favre suffers a concussion in Green Bay's 14-7 defeat by New York.
After a convincing knock out of the brash Ricardo Mayorga in his return from retirement, Felix Trinidad must figure out who to fight next.
After a 17-9 an eyesore of a defeat to the Jets, the Dolphins are winless at 0-4 with little evidence shown on Sunday that brighter days are yet to come.
THE stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard.
As the Premiership takes another break to accommodate a series of World Cup qualifiers, a number of what could be termed England fringe players gave Sven Goran Eriksson some food for thought this weekend.
The moratorium on a federal program that provides grants for high-speed Internet and telephone service began two months ago, with no notice.
The Australian stock market continued on its bullish performance by noon today, extending recent record highs with BHP Billiton in the vanguard.
The Small Business Administration steps up aid to businesses affected by recent weather-related disasters. Oct. 4, 2004 --As home and business owners throughout Florida and the Southwestern US pull things 
Reuters - Former general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono\has won Indonesia's presidential election run-off in a\landslide, preliminary final results showed on Monday.
Alan greenspan #39;s official title is Chairman of the US Federal Reserve. But he functions as something akin to America #39;s economic Prognosticator in Chief.
Many Afghans say they are more worried about a different source of abuse and intimidation during the presidential elections: pressure from local militia commanders to vote for certain candidates.
An exhibition is being held in Beijing to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Pei Wenzhong,the discoverer of the first Peking Man skull.
Kilkenny - World number two Ernie Els and Denmark #39;s Thomas Bjorn have finally rid themselves of the golfing demons that threatened to derail their careers.
World number one Roger Federer thumped second-ranked Andy Roddick in straight sets 6-4, 6-0 to win the Thailand Open in Bangkok on Sunday.
SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- The St. Louis Rams still have plenty of offensive firepower. The same could not be said for the San Francisco 49ers.
Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara is a gracious host, settling comfortably into a white leather chair and patiently listening to a question from a visitor.
The nation has always been independent from China. Not for a single day has it been ruled by China. Twenty-three million Taiwanese -- 7.7 times the number of 
While the rest of the country frets over surging energy prices, a small but growing group of businesses is fueling a boom of sorts in the US oil patch.
The pressure to win made Ernie Els feel like he was in a major. Given all he has been through this year, his victory in the American Express Championship sure felt like one.
Guillermo Canas won his third title of the year yesterday with a 6-1, 6-0 victory over unseeded German Lars Burgsmuller at the ATP Shanghai Open.
Tiki Barber sprinted for a 52-yard touchdown in the third quarter, the play that the Giants would ride to their third victory of the season.
A stirring defensive effort by the Jets produced 7 points, 4 turnovers, 4 sacks and a victory over the Dolphins in Pro Player Stadium.
Despite winning Sunday's race and taking the overall Nextel Cup lead, Dale Earnhardt Jr. could lose points after cursing in an interview.
After the first TV debate in the US presidential campaign, polls give good news for the Democrats.
President Vladimir V. Putin's plan to concentrate more power in the Kremlin has inflamed popular discontent.
SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, plans to spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company.
What once looked like a forgettable season-ending weekend at Safeco Field came alive Friday night. Ichiro Suzuki became major league baseball #39;s single-season 
The five-year-old naturalised Australian girl seriously injured in last month #39;s bombing outside Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta is leaving hospital in Singapore for Italy.
A group of Pakistani journalists has arrived in India for an unprecedented visit to the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. Indian officials say the delegation crossed the border between the two nuclear 
PalmOne's Tungsten T5 comes with 256MB of flash memory, so you never risk losing your data.
After just two months in testing, Yahoo has pushed its local search out of beta and is giving the service prominent exposure on the Yahoo home page.
Homeowners unfortunate enough to get slammed by multiple hurricanes in the past seven weeks have had to face the risk of another less deadly but more expensive disaster.
On the road, the momentum and most of the crowd against them, and trailing their division rivals by seven points, the Patriots responded to the challenge with a tying touchdown 
XM Satellite's recruitment of well-known personalities, including Bob Edwards, has been the most aggressive effort to date to win listeners.
Chinese banking officials say they will not rush any moves to ease the yuan from its tight peg against the US dollar.
Crude oil prices eased slightly in early morning Asian trade Monday after pushing above the psychologically important \$50 mark for the first time last week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average failed three times this year to exceed its previous high and fell to about 10,000 each time, most recently a week ago.
Taking a break from fiery sermons, Malaysias fundamentalist Islamic opposition group enlisted rock singers to loosen up its image.
Bank of France Governor Christian Noyer on Sunday urged countries to tighten their public finances and implement reforms to help generate non-inflationary growth.
Most investors envy Jack R. Meyer with his double-digit returns over the past year, but even he says he will have trouble making much money in the years to come.
Sony Music Entertainment Japan has decided to drop the copy-protection on its CDs from November 17 onwards. Copy protection was introduced by the company in January last year.
The Cambodian parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations on Monday on setting up a tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime responsible for the deaths of 1.7 million people.
MIAMI -- Four hurricanes in just six weeks are likely going to force Florida #39;s top two insurers to raise rates or reduce their business in the state.
Sony Corp. #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
US COMPUTER users know more about the Janet Jackson #39;s breast exposure than they down about their own anti-virus software, according to a survey.
Cambodia #39;s legislature on Monday approved a long-delayed agreement to put surviving Khmer Rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million 
Counting in Indonesia's  presidential election is nearly over, with Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono the easy winner.
US air strikes on the rebellious Iraqi city of Falluja kill at least seven people, hospital officials say.
MANILA (Dow Jones)--Smart Communications Inc., the top mobile phone operator in the Philippines, is in talks with Singapore #39;s Mobile One Ltd.
A survey by the National Cyber Security Alliance has suggested one in three Americans think they #39;re more likely to win the lottery than get to a computer virus.
DOING SA PROUD: Ernie Els holds the World Golf Championship trophy after winning at the Mount Juliet course in Ireland yesterday. (AP).
IT took just eight explo- sive rounds for Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad to put himself back atop boxing #39;s mantle of greatness.
Striker Michael Owen is facing a battle to prove his form and fitness as the pressure grew on his starting place for Englands World Cup qualifier against Wales.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder arrived in Beijing on Monday for a three-day visit focusing on expanding trade ties and the European Unions ban on arms sales to China.
Responding to a tough insurance industry crash test, automakers are making major strides to improve the safety of family sedans, according to new data released Sunday.
Philippines mobile phone operator Smart Communications Inc. is in talks with Singapore #39;s Mobile One for a possible tie-up, BusinessWorld reported Monday.
Oil giant BP reports buoyant trading in the third quarter, with production up by 11, on the back of soaring crude prices.
Cambodia has ratified legislation to set up a UN-assisted tribunal which will put leaders of the murderous Khmer Rouge regime on trial.
Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
In a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, PalmOne will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
Residential and small business customers of SBC Communications Inc. in Flint, Ann Arbor and metro Detroit can now access their home and wireless voice mail as well as e-mail accounts 
The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA. This is due to hurricane damages and implementation of new safety measures.
The State Technology Office plans to cancel two multimillion-dollar contracts, now that several investigations have discovered two companies were given unfair advantages.
In the wee hours yesterday morning, promoter Don King stood at a podium inside Madison Square Garden and -- in the midst of a bombastic assault on his 
As linebacker Keith Brooking headed to the Atlanta Falcons locker room, he bellowed to nobody in particular: We own the South, baby!
It should have been the perfect cap to another precious win for Corey Dillon. For the first time in his three games as a Patriot, Dillon 
Two blasts have shaken separate areas of central Baghdad, with one car bomb blast near the heavily defended Green Zone killing at least eight people and wounding 30, doctors and witnesses say.
SAMARRA, Iraq -- Iraqi security forces are patrolling the Sunni Triangle city of Samarra after US and Iraqi soldiers claimed victory in retaking the city from insurgent forces.
Nine Muslims held indefinitely without charge in Britain are challenging the country #39;s highest court against their detention. The nine are among 11 foreign men held under the Anti Terrorism, Crime and Security 
Rich nations pledged an agreement soon on forgiving the debt burden weighing on poor nations in Africa, Latin America and Asia but remained divided on reducing billions of dollars of Iraqi debt.
OFFSHORE gains drove the share market to record levels today, albeit on lower than average volume because of little trade in three states which are having public holidays today.
Sony Corp #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. RHAT.O said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc.
A car bomb blew up near one of the entrances to the heavily fortified Green Zone in central Baghdad on Monday, wounding many civilians, witnesses and security sources said.
Turkeys prime minister said yesterday that admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to reconciliation between civilizations and expressed confidence that the EUs executive will recommend opening membership 
World finance leaders ended their annual meeting yesterday with renewed pledges to promote global prosperity, amid warnings that the battle against poverty had taken a back seat to the war on terrorism.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai was in Germany yesterday to receive an award, his office said, just days before his war-plagued nation will hold its first direct presidential election.
Admitting mainly Muslim Turkey into the European Union would mark nothing short of a cultural, economic and political revolution for Europe, analysts say.
AP - The guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 Nobel Prize winners.
NEW BEDFORD -- The fight for a bigger slice of the pharmacy business in New Bedford is being waged in a converted bank branch on the north side of town.
AT amp;T Corp. and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month, the strongest 
AP - Put Barbara White down as undecided in the race for the White House.
AP - The State Department called on Israel Friday to limit its military response to a rocket attack by Hamas that killed two small Israeli children.
\The red fire ant, vicious and sometimes fatal, has infested the Taiwanese capital Taipei.
Patients with heart disease are being offered a  treatment with a difference - vibrating trousers.
LONDON -- Tony Blair's deputy, John Prescott, warned potential leadership rivals yesterday they would not be forgiven for challenging Britain's prime minister and threatening electoral success.
After a debut that was the stuff of fantasy, Wayne Rooney was introduced to the real Manchester United yesterday. The 18-year-old could have been forgiven for thinking that life 
Northumberland-born trainer Jonathan Pease was cracking open the champagne last night after winning one of the top prizes in racing.
In some ways, this is shaping up as a fine rookie season for Tampa Bay Buccaneers WR Michael Clayton, a first-round draft pick this year out of LSU.
Nine foreign terror suspects held indefinitely without charge in Britain will challenge their detention before the country #39;s highest court today.
HOUSTON -- Phil Garner savored the taste of champagne, the smell of his cigar and the wild celebration going on in the Houston Astros' clubhouse.
MIAMI -- The New York Jets went conservative yesterday, waiting for the mistakes that have doomed the Miami Dolphins in every game this season.
Taj McWilliams-Franklin burst into tears at the buzzer, her emotions finally getting the best of her.
TheDeal.com - The takeover fight moves to Delaware's Court of Chancery, even as PeopleSoft dismisses its CEO.
The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
India fans will be able to watch the Test series against Australia after a domestic television deal is reached.
EDS #39;s effort to build the Navy and Marine Corps Intranet has been plagued by problems ever since the services vendor won the original \$6.
A consortium of technology companies hopes to create a common antipiracy language, ending the Babel of copy-proofing technologies that has rendered much digital content and hardware incompatible.
Manchester United coach Sir Alex Ferguson refused to criticise his side after they were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Middlesbrough.
The Scottish Football Association have confirmed their interest in staging Euro 2008 if UEFA are not satisfied with the preparations being made by Austria and Switzerland.
THE suspected leader of Basque terror group ETA #39;s political wing was arrested in France yesterday. Mikel Iriarte, 43, had been on the run since 1993.
Poland will withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of 2005 according to Poland #39;s Defense Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski, AFP announced.
SYDNEY - A vibrating sex toy in a trash bin sparked a security scare and shut a regional Australian airport for almost an hour, officials said Monday.
SigmaTel's chips claimed to have won Apple's support
TALLADEGA, Ala. - Dale Earnhardt Jr. was nearly perfect on the racetrack. His only slipup Sunday came during a postrace television interview.
Looking for ways to satisfy a growing need for power and reduce pollution, China is turning to wind power, along with other green alternatives. By Stephen Leahy.
Meet the special-effects gods who created the most anticipated game of the year. By David Kushner from Wired magazine.
Hungarian Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany has hailed the failure of a nationalist inspired referendum on Hungarian citizenship as a victory for common sense.
In the old days, before so much time was eaten up by time-saving gadgets, you could check all your communications in one place -- your mailbox.
Consumers who cut it close by paying bills from their checking accounts a couple of days before depositing funds will be out of luck under a new law that takes effect Oct. 28.
Last Thursday #39;s presidential debate was still in progress when the e-mails started trickling in from citizens around the country.
The stats were ugly: One offensive touchdown, 1-for-11 on third down, three sacks, fewer than 150 yards passing, and no consistency.
The latest generation of mobile phones is vulnerable to hackers, a security conference is told.
The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the \$10m Ansari X-Prize.
The research arm of the MoD has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
Shares in Manchester United rally on Monday as the club confirms it has received a takeover approach.
LOCAL NEWSPAPER The Democrat and Chronicle reports that Kodak will demand \$1 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems in a landmark case over Java.
Singapore shares rose to fresh highs for the year Monday, with market sentiment buoyed by Wall Street #39;s broad gains on Friday, traders said.
Asian stock markets close higher across the board Monday following gains on Wall Street, with key indexes hitting new record highs in Indonesia and Australia.
New radio and online advertising, which targets children with safety advice when they are most at risk - when they are actually online, was unveiled by Home Office Minister Paul Goggins today.
Search engine company Vivisimo have launched the beta of their new Clusty search engine, and it #39;s open to the public to try out.
The world #39;s richest soccer club Manchester United says it has received a takeover approach from an unnamed suitor, sending its shares higher and fanning speculation that 
Belgian superstar Kim Clijsters #39; career could be over after she broke down again with a troublesome wrist injury playing in a tournament in her home country at the weekend.
Steve Christie, a 15-year veteran, knows there are no excuses for missing field goals of 30 and 33 yards, even if they were into a swirling wind.
They spent the summer marveling over their lineup changes and their improvement, the big-name veterans they signed and the strategic concepts they imported from the champion New England Patriots.
After three weeks of near-perfection in the red zone, the Philadelphia Eagles finally faltered Sunday in Chicago against the Bears.
washingtonpost.com - The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
Reuters - A trio of powerful explosions\emanating from three different regions in space could mean\astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists\said on Friday.
The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
CSSI Inc. of Washington  was picked by the United States and the United Nations to carve out more airspace in the crowded sky.
The 2004 Jaguar X-Type got the worst rating of any midsize sedan in side-impact crash tests conducted by the insurance industry.
South Korea's markets watchdog says it is to inspect Citigroup's local operation, days after regulators censured the bank's Japanese business.
\Two US scientists win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for uncovering the secrets of the human sense of smell.
Internet payment system Worldpay is under attack from hackers delaying transaction times for hundreds of online retailers.
Hong Kong #39;s top share index hit a seven-month high on Monday, with both blue chips and China stocks gaining ground as markets rallied throughout the region.
The annual meeting of World Bank and IMF failed to arrive at a consensus in giving more powers to developing countries in decision-making besides increasing aid flow for reducing poverty.
SINGAPORE : The Philippines #39; largest food and beverage group, San Miguel Corp, says it may bid for a 40 percent stake in Singapore-listed Del Monte Pacific.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Wireless networking for your Zire 72, Tungsten T3 or T5
The US space agency has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest because of hurricane disruption.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen sharply higher at the open Monday as investors remain upbeat about the outlook for economic and corporate profit growth...
Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
AP - Five NFL teams haven't lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven't lost in more than a year.
Former Indonesian general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has become Indonesia first directly elected president in a landslide victory. Yudhoyono, who promised to inject fresh life into 
 WATERFORD, Ireland (Reuters) - Tiger Woods's slide down the  world rankings over the last month underlines the changing face  of golf in 2004.
The two Renault F1 Team drivers say the Japanese circuit is among their favourites, and are promising strong performances this weekend. Get ready!
With HP and others offering direct sales, the brick-and-mortar giant is fighting fire with fire, offering its own products alongside theirs.
Lazard #39;s board will meet Tuesday to discuss plans for a possible initial public offering for the independent investment bank, sources close to the matter said.
 quot;Today we raised the bar on security for the entire PC industry, quot; IBM Personal Computing Division General Manager Fran O #39;Sullivan said.
LONDON, England -- The brother of British hostage Ken Bigley has said he believes the captive is now in the hands of a more moderate group in Iraq.
The leading candidates in Australia #39;s national elections have very different positions on the country #39;s role in the war on terror.
A Singapore Airlines plane flying to New York from Frankfurt has been diverted to Manchester airport after a bomb threat. The Boeing 747-400 landed safely at around 11.
Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Monday\forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street\expectations, helped by an increase in customers making larger\orders for its business software.
Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. raised its earnings outlook for its fiscal first half, saying Monday a strong US dollar had helped its business.
AP - Lauren Jackson scored 23 points and the Seattle Storm forced a decisive third game in the Western Conference finals, beating the Sacramento Monarchs 66-54 Sunday night.
A series of car bomb blasts tore through Baghdad and the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding scores.
Poland #39;s Defence Minister, Jerzy Szmajdzinski, has said he believes Polish troops should withdraw from Iraq at the end of next year.
Movie studio won't commit to a format for releasing its films, however.
Washington Post staff writer Justin Blum will be online to answer your questions on soaring oil prices, their causes and their effects.
Pittsburgh-based alternative search engine Vivsimo has unveiled Clusty.com, a full-service search site powered completely by the company #39;s clustering technology.
Manchester United says it has received a bid approach, sparking speculation US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer was preparing an offer for the team.
Italy has come under fire for sending would-be asylum seekers back to Libya without granting them time to apply for refugee status.
Bago could stay in training next season after returning to form with a brilliant victory in the Prix de l #39;Arc de Triomphe Lucien Barriere at Longchamp yesterday.
AP - The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles.
AP - A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football.
AP - The state Game and Fish Department is in the first year of a five-year radio collar study to learn more about pronghorns.
AP - Maryland students are celebrating the return of a popular program scrapped by the state last year that lets schools raise terrapin hatchlings and release them into their native habitat.
Outrun 2 looks great, plays great but ultimately offers too short a challenge.
A preliminary court hearing into the collapse of food firm Parmalat, Italy's biggest ever corporate scandal, begins on Tuesday.
Namibia  and South Africa are told at a Bangkok summit they can each kill five endangered black rhinos per year.
Just as it is doing with its Windows client software, Microsoft Corp. is developing customized variants of its Windows Embedded operating system for specific markets.
Hoping to drive biometric devices into the mainstream, IBM on Monday unveiled its first ThinkPad that features an integrated fingerprint reader that will work in tandem with an embedded security system.
Saga, the holidays and financial services group for the over-50s, has put an end to the near year-long saga over its future by agreeing a 1.
A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun Microsystems Inc., ruling that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak Co.
Houston quarterback David Carr was 14-for-23 for 228 yards and a touchdown, rushed for 35 yards and didn #39;t turn the ball over once.
At least 17 people are dead and nearly 100 others wounded in car bombings in the Iraqi capital and the northern city of Mosul. Fourteen people died in two Baghdad bombings.
The Cambodian legislature has ratified an agreement allowing establishment of a United Nations-backed tribunal for surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge.
Flights from an Australian airport were delayed for 30 minutes Monday when a discarded sex toy began buzzing and set off a security emergency alarm.
The sequel to the best-selling Xbox game, Halo, is finished, say its makers.
PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street expectations, saying it added 150 new customers and had more large software license transactions than in the previous quarter.
AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
AP - U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group Inc. on Monday joined a group of companies promoting Blu-ray Disc, one of two competing formats for next-generation DVDs.
Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
IBM has released a biometric Thinkpad - the T42 laptop incorporates a fingerprint sensor for managing passwords and controlling access to sensitive documents and data.
AP - Sony Corp.'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US Treasury prices dropped Monday and yields rose as oil fell below \$50 a barrel while stocks were poised to post another strong session.
Apollo Group is hoping that it can continue to earn the grade in a sector that was once hot for teacher.
Oct. 4 - A group of private citizens in California are hoping to make another giant leap for mankind. SpaceShipOne has already made it to space and back.
The case has outraged some opponents of software patents, who claim it is a textbook example of why software should not be patentable.
Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
The new PalmOne handheld retains data even when the battery runs down.
The record series of four hurricanes that hit Florida in recent weeks has ended NASA #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in March 2005, NASA announced on Friday.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t think Apple will lead the way to tomorrow #39;s digital home - and describes iPod users as music thieves.
A discarded vibrator at Queensland #39;s Mackay airport caused pandemonium after cleaners noticed a rubbish bin humming in a suspicious manner, the Herald Sun reports.
AP - Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen, in a nod to the city where he got his start, is helping launch a museum gallery devoted to the history of computing.
AP - PeopleSoft Inc. Monday raised its forecast for the just-ended quarter, helped by an increased average selling price and strong performances in North America and Europe.
A judge adjourns the trial of Saudi reformists amid a\standoff over whether the trial should be held in public.
The horrific day of carnage demonstrated the effortlessness with which insurgents are striking in the hearts of major cities.
By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- There's no space in the space station...
Shaun Ellis has a high standard for the Jets #39; defense. He says he and his teammates try to do more than just limit the damage opposing offenses do.
The Federal Reserve still has some way to go to restore US interest rates to more normal levels, Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
Petroleum services firm Baker Hughes Inc. said Monday that it named Chad C. Deaton as chairman and chief executive to succeed Michael E. Wiley, who plans to retire effective Oct. 25.
AP - John Gibbons, who took over as manager of last-place Toronto in August, will return to the Blue Jays next year.
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
Englishman James Toseland leads the field on his way to sealing victory in the world superbike championship at Magny-Cours. Photo: AFP.
New PalmOne handheld doubles as flash drive and retains data even when the battery runs down.
Operating systems would be designed for specific server tasks, company says.
You may have access to more money than you think -- just be careful.
WALL Street opened higher today on the heels of last week #39;s closing rally, with investors awaiting the latest snapshot on US factory orders.
New orders at US factories fell unexpectedly in August after a sharp drop in demand for civilian aircraft, government data showed on Monday.
Charles Schwab Corp., the biggest US discount brokerage, announced Monday its second cut in trading fees since June amid increasing competition.
US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending, but improved business confidence should help hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
Overall, factory orders declined by 0.1 percent in August, following an increase of 1.7 percent in July.
Computer misuse at government offices is an ongoing problem, and experts say managers should take specific actions to keep federal employees from using their desktop computers for personal business.
Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, has been named as England captain.
Mark Philippoussis #39;s miserable run of form continued on Monday with a 6-3 6-4 defeat by Czech Tomas Zib in the first round of the Japan Open.
Phnom Penh (VNA) - The Cambodian National Assembly on Monday approved the revised law on the establishment of a Cambodia-United Nations tribunal to try Khmer Rouge leaders.
Slovenia has overwhelmingly voted to oust the countrys Liberal Democrat government in favour of the centre-right at the weekends general election.
SN30952 writes  quot;Singapore Airlines 026, a 747 flying from Frankfurt to New York was diverted to Manchester airport following a bomb threat.
Kovalainen, reigning World Series by Nissan champion and occasional Formula One tester, defeated the seven-time world champion in the semi-finals at the Stade de France.
If you look closely at my photo directly above, you can see that my hat features the silhouetted batter representative of major league baseball.
US economic growth should slow over the coming year as consumers cut back on spending but improved business confidence should help beef up hiring, a wide-ranging survey of forecasters found.
REFORMED con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the movie Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help fight cyber-crime.
The Office of Personnel Management must tackle many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and in improving internal operations.
Manchester United today electrified the world of football by revealing that it has received a takeover offer worth up to 800 million.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays announced Monday that they have retained manager John Gibbons for next season.
AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive.
Reuters - Islamic militants on Monday distributed\a video in Iraq showing the killings of two men who identified\themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk.
AP - Two U.S. soldiers were killed by small arms fire at a checkpoint in Baghdad, the U.S. command said Monday.
Credit and debit card fraud rose by nearly a fifth to 478.8m in the year up to July, an industry body says.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants on Monday distributed  a video in Iraq showing the killings of two men who identified  themselves as an Italian of Iraqi origin and a Turk.
The Netherlands rejects a bid to grant Dutch citizenship to Nazi victim Anne Frank - one of the diary-writer's wishes.
A four-day voter registration drive signs up 650,000 Afghan refugees in Pakistan for Saturday's landmark election.
Pressure is still high inside America's Mount St Helens volcano but the chance of an eruption may be receding.
Level 3 Communications Inc., a provider of integrated communications services, said on Friday that it acquired telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.
CHARLOTTE, NC - Kevin Mathis and Jake Delhomme were teammates together in New Orleans before going their NFL careers took turns to different destinations.
Edmilson, Barcelona #39;s World Cup- winning defender, won #39;t play for at least six months after having knee surgery today, the soccer team said.
Spain said it will keep up pressure on the Basque separatist group ETA following the weekend arrests of ETA #39;s suspected political leader by French police.
The craft wins the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the second time.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) -- Microsoft co-founder Paul G...
BRUSSELS, Belgium -- European Union regulators suggested Monday they are not bound by a US decision to allow Oracle Corp. to pursue its \$7.
The Federal Reserve still has some way to go to restore official US interest rates to more normal levels, Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Monday.
THEY labour long hours to write their software, testing and perfecting it. They toil in obscurity, fully aware that they will never get credit for their work.
by staff. Various and sundry press releases from the Magny Cours round of the World Superbike series where James Toseland was awarded the crown.
A bid to grant Dutch citizenship to Holocaust victim Anne Frank some 60 years after her death has been rejected by the country #39;s justice ministry.
(Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.
As UEFA threatened to take soccer #39;s 2008 European Championships away from joint hosts Austria and Switzerland, other European countries started dusting off their defeated bids.
'Investors' have about half of the patience they need, which will yield none of the value they want."
The innovative Stamps.com program has been halted after its test run.
A board member testifies Monday that the former CEO was fired in large part because of his reckless exaggeration to Wall Street analysts.
Yukos shares rose more than 10 on Monday as Russia #39;s leading energy firms said they would not bid for its main west Siberian production subsidiary.
Microsoft reiterated on Friday that companies still using Windows NT Server 4 going into 2005 will have to sign up for a custom contract to get support.
Bruce Nelson, chairman and chief executive of Office Depot Inc. of Delray Beach, Fla., Monday resigned by mutual agreement with the board.
MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
NTT DoCoMo and Fujitsu announced that they have developed a prototype fuel cell that can be used to recharge modern mobile phones.
Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters #39; latest left wrist problem is a new injury that is expected to end her season but probably won #39;t require surgery.
Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - Barcelona #39;s Brazilian defender Edmilson will be out for six months after undergoing surgery Monday on his right knee.
Kurt Warner, perhaps more than maybe any other American Football athlete, understands the bright light of stardom, and how quickly it can fade.
BALTIMORE (Ticker) -- The Kansas City Chiefs would like a repeat performance of last year #39;s meeting against the Baltimore Ravens.
Italian national coach Marcello Lippi has defended his decision to leave AS Roma striker Antonio Cassano out of his squad for this month #39;s two Group Five World Cup qualifiers.
Israel has escalated its military offensive in Gaza with an air strike on a militant stronghold that killed a senior Hamas leader.
The brother of British Iraq hostage Ken Bigley says sources in Kuwait believe his sibling is being transferred by hard-line extremists to another group.
The Pope, looking tired and speaking with difficulty, has ploughed into fresh controversy with two startling new beatifications. Among the five people he set on the road to canonisation 
SYDNEY: A sex toy vibrating in a rubbish bin has sparked a security scare and shut a regional Australian airport for almost an hour.
A British policeman was sentenced to two and a half years on Monday for passing on information to a Saudi Arabian embassy officer in London for money.
MasterCard and Visa no longer can block banks from issuing credit cards from competitors after the Supreme Court declined to hear their appeal Monday.
PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday said it expects quarterly revenue to beat Wall Street estimates, bolstering its case to remain independent, and its shares fell 2 percent.
The US economy will grow solidly in 2005 and the outlook is similar under President George W Bush or John Kerry, top US business economists said in a survey released today.
American International Group Inc., one of the world #39;s largest insurance firms, said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission may bring a civil action against 
THE Australian share market continued its recent bullish performance yesterday, with offshore gains driving the bourse to record highs.
More and more movie fans are sharing films online, and hollywood doesn't like it. Should the studios fight or find a way to adapt?
washingtonpost.com - Talk about a great day for Oracle Corp. founder Larry Ellison.
The man charged with making US computer networks safer has resigned suddenly.
The e-tailer releases two new packages designed to help people and companies feature Amazon merchande on their own Web sites.
Office Depot Inc., the second largest US office supply chain, said Monday Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce Nelson has resigned and a search for his successor is underway.
Five National Football League teams haven #39;t lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven #39;t lost in more than a year.
New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere using a phone or the Internet.
Traditional antivirus technology may be too slow to protect users, researchers say.
Trend Micro will become the latest major anti-virus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses with the release today of Trend Micro Mobile Security 1.0.
McAfee has distanced itself from slurs against rival AV firm BitDefender contained in sponsored ad links on Google.com.\
WorldPay, the Royal Bank of Scotland's internet payment transaction outfit, is continuing to fight a sustained internet attack which has left its services largely unavailable for a third successive day.\
AP - Arkansas may still be Clinton country, but it's no longer Democratic terrain.
The man charged with making US computer networks safer has quit after only a year in the job.
Sir Elton John accuses Madonna of cheating fans by miming on stage, while collecting a Q Award.
To become Afghanistan's first elected President, he has to placate warlords, pacify the Taliban -- and survive
Troubled engineering and construction group Jarvis says it faces a bleak future unless it completes a financial restructuring soon.
Charles Schwab (SCH), the biggest US discount brokerage, Monday said it will cut trading fees. Standard online commissions will go down to \$19.
PeopleSoft Inc. posted a third-quarter profit and said sales beat analysts #39; estimates, a turnaround that may encourage Oracle Corp.
NEW ORLEANS The constitutionality of a federal law used to prosecute energy-trading companies and their workers has landed before a federal appeals court.
Office Depot Inc. Monday said Chairman and Chief Executive Bruce Nelson resigned by mutual agreement with the board, after four years at the helm.
AP - Dale Earnhardt Jr. was strangely subdued after his latest victory at Talladega Superspeedway.
SpaceShipOne on Monday captured the \$10 million Ansari X prize when it made a second flight in less than a week to the edge of space.
Blaming the busy hurricane season, NASA has announced that it will delay the space shuttle #39;s return to space from March or April to a launch in May or July next year.
Members of the coaching staff, with the exception of Bryan Price, can pursue other opportunities. Price is under contract for the 2005 season.
Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini says his team will be working on defence after letting a two-goal lead slip against Roma at the Olympic Stadium on Sunday.
Bob Melvin is fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday on a dip in  oil prices and improved investor sentiment about the economy.
Value, income, and dividends? Chunghwa, from Taiwan, delivers them all.
RadioShack Corp. has agreed to take over the operaton of wireless kiosks in 542 Sam #39;s Club locations nationwide, RadioShack said Monday.
AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize and remember an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
SunGard (Quote, Chart) said its board of directors has unanimously decided to spin off its disaster recovery business and take it public through a tax-free distribution of shares.
QUEBEC - The Quebec government will spend a billion dollars over the next eight years to create a series of private wind-powered electrical plants, Premier Jean Charest announced today.
Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said in London yesterday that the future of digital technology in the home will be with Microsoft, not Apple.
It #39;s official. Microsoft recently stated definitivelyand contrary to rumorsthat there will be no new versions of Internet Explorer for users of older versions of Windows.
Barcelona #39;s Brazil defender Edmilson will be sidelined for at least six months after undergoing knee surgery on Monday, club doctors said.
Southampton head coach Steve Wigley has been granted a stay of execution by the Premier League despite him not holding the necessary qualifications.
The hard-hitting Atlanta Falcons defense doesn #39;t scare Joey Harrington. Eastern Michigan, on the other hand, made him a nervous wreck.
The company promotes from within--Chief Operating Officer David Mitchell is appointed CEO.
Company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere with a phone or the Internet.
ThinkPad T42 is equipped with biometric device designed to limit access to sensitive data.
AP - Costa Rica's president said Monday he is asking Miguel Angel Rodriguez to resign as secretary-general of the Organization of American States because of alleged payments from a government contractor.
Israel's prime minister accuses arch foe Iran of trying to recruit Arab citizens for anti-Israeli activity.
Redwood Shores-based software giant Oracle Corp. said in court that PeopleSoft Inc. CEO Craig Conway lied about the effects of Oracle #39;s \$7.
CMS Energy announced today the company intends to offer 22 million shares of common stock to the public. The underwriters will be granted an option to purchase an additional 3.3 million common 
Microsoft #39;s recently released Media Player 10 is being hailed by some reviewers as the first real challenge to Apple #39;s dominance in the online music space.
IBM announced on Monday the launch of a new line of ThinkPad notebooks designed to provide an extra layer of data protection through advanced fingerprint technology.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - The New Orleans Saints Monday acquired cornerback Mike McKenzie and a future conditional draft choice from Green Bay.
LONDON, 4 Oct. -- Michael Owen looks likely to miss out on partnering Wayne Rooney up front in England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
While many of his Detroit Lions teammates spent the bye weekend at home with their families, Harrington stayed in town to see his brother play college football.
Disappointments abound across business lines. Apparently, it is time for a change.
Schwab is cutting online equity commissions by 33 percent, options trade commissions by 60 percent and automated phone trades by 40 percent.
Bombardier Recreational Products Inc. said Monday it had settled a three-year-old patent infringement lawsuit filed by Simmons Inc.
MACKAY, AUSTRALIA - A vibrating sex toy tossed in a garbage can shut down operations at an Australian airport for about an hour on Monday.
Amid talk of a possible liquidation, bankrupt US Airways in recent weeks completed a reorganization that eliminated several corporate sales positions while emphasizing newer 
IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year. This month, IT Management drops a rank to #6.
Arab diplomats at the United Nations are drafting language for a Security Council statement that could condemn Israel for its offensive in the Gaza Strip.
fter years of delays, the Cambodian Parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations today to create an international tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime for 
Reuters - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil\prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying\spree continued into the new week.
The bookseller decides to distribute its interest in GameStop to shareholders.
At the same time, Oracle #39;s in court trying to strip PeopleSoft of its poison-pill provisions. By Antone Gonsalves, TechWeb News.
com October 4, 2004, 11:57 AM PT. Twentieth Century Fox has joined a group developing one of two formats being promoted as a next-generation DVD technology.
Linux distributor Red Hat announced that it has reached an agreement with America Online to purchase several products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory 
CHICAGO - The end of the Cubs #39; season has erupted into a war of words between Cubs right fielder Sammy Sosa and manager Dusty Baker.
A Singapore Airlines flight which wasdiverted Monday to Britain #39;s Manchester Airport following a bomb scare resumed its journey to New York three hours later after being given the all clear.
Zambia's Vice-President Never Mumba is sacked for making accusations about DR Congo.
The national do-not-call list overcame its last legal hurdle Monday when the Supreme Court let stand a lower-court ruling affirming its constitutionality.
Retail-oriented version of Windows XP Embedded will be designed to make it easier to process sales from registers, kiosks and other devices.
Is your hard drive the land of the lost files? An experimental software program labels files with images that can be easily remembered.
Chipmaker becomes first Silicon Valley company to form a mediation partnership with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The studio will be a significant ally for the group, which is trying to win support for its technology over the rival HD DVD format.
A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
Microprocessor designer Arm Ltd. has developed a new multimedia technology called Neon that will help improve the performance of mobile electronics devices that process multiple tasks, the company said Monday.
ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
Office Depot Inc. chairman and CEO Bruce Nelson has been forced out after four years in the job for what his interim successor said Monday were failures of execution 
Looking to lock up your notebook and its data? IBM is offering you a new choice: its already attractive Thinkpad T42 series now integrates a fingerprint reader.
AP - More than  #36;1 billion in federal aid to help schools and libraries connect to the Internet is being delayed by a bookkeeping change that has tied up the money.
PC World - ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
An Iraqi group has released two Indonesian women captives who were handed over to the United Arab Emirates #39; embassy in Baghdad, Arab television reported.
NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), the U.S. Linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from America Online.
AP - State officials are calling on the public to help them count and categorize all the plants and animals in Tennessee's 54 parks.
Commercial space flight doesn't offer too many opportunities for investors, but there is one tiny prospect.
It might be worth taking a good look at this stock, which has fallen far in the last 52 weeks.
The new tool automatically records all on-screen activity on a user's PC, for playback later as an interactive demonstration, among other uses.
PeopleSoft says its quarterly revenues will beat analyst expectations, thanks to an increase in the number of orders of more than \$1 million.
BP PLC reported an 11 percent increase in production for the third quarter on Monday, which may help its profit results over the same period.
Sonys music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Government-sponsored lender Freddie Mac said Monday that it will restructure some of its mortgage securities operations, primarily by ceasing the market-making activities of its Securities 
Bethesda-based Lockheed Martin has been chosen by the US Postal Service to provide managed network services in a potential \$6 billion deal.
Baseball can be so fickle. The line between the daring and defeatist is precariously thin, blurred by intangible factors, altered by blind providence.
Sammy Sosa has fired back at comments made by manager Dusty Baker prior to Sunday #39;s season ending win over the Atlanta Braves.
Hundreds of airline passengers suffered disruption to their travel plans when a major regional airport was shut down for an hour after a humming and vibrating adult sex toy was mistaken for a bomb.
Two Indonesian women held hostage for several days by militants in Iraq have been freed. The two women were handed over to the United Arab Emirates embassy in Baghdad on Monday.
A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and blasted through Earths atmosphere for a second time in two weeks today to capture a \$10-million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett is expected to miss at least two more games after undergoing arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Monday.
AP - Minnesota running back Michael Bennett will miss at least two more games after undergoing arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair a torn meniscus in his right knee.
AP - Gary Payton, the veteran guard the Boston Celtics acquired in an offseason trade with the Los Angeles Lakers, reported to training camp on Monday.
The US Supreme Court rejected appeals by Visa and MasterCard to overturn a ruling that they violated antitrust rules by barring banks from issuing cards on rival networks.
BRUSSELS, Belgium The incoming European Union trade commissioner is criticizing the United States for failing to work to resolve a dispute over government aid to Boeing and Airbus.
The three-person spacecraft flew higher than 62 miles for the second time in a week and captured the X-Prize, an award offered to promote private-sector development of spaceships.
PALMONE SAID that its \$399 Tungsten T5 personal digital assistant comes with 256MB of flash memory and can double as a portable USB drive.
As the major players in Web search duke it out, a growing number of startups are embracing a different way of retrieving and sorting search results.
Boxing fans have been scrambling for answers, searching for scenarios, and Saturday night the answers were found, where all sports questions are resolved, Madison Square Garden.
Real Madrid paid the price for their midweek Champions League exertions as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat at home to Deportivo Coruna in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Intel has become the first Silicon Valley company to form a mediation partnership with the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, an arrangement designed to speed the resolution of discrimination disputes.
Crabtree  amp; Evelyn, a leading retailer of beauty products, recently joined Amazon.com #39;s new Beauty Products category of online retail channels.
England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson is confident Michael Owen will prove his fitness for England #39;s crucial World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
Poland should withdraw its troops from Iraq by the end of next year, Polish leaders said Monday, the first time the key US ally has indicated 
TWO Indonesian women taken hostage by an Islamic militant group in Iraq were released unharmed and handed over to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) embassy today.
Boston coach Doc Rivers was golfing with Bob Cousy and KC Jones when the two Celtics Hall of Famers started talking about Bill Russell.
Bob Melvin #39;s two-year reign as manager of the Seattle Mariners came to an end Monday morning, as the Mariners announced his dismissal at a press conference at Safeco Field.
AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
As the group's Arab core is captured or killed, a new generation of Pakistanis fills the void.
Experts charge that the Kremlin-backed United Russia party is transforming into a monolithic state force.
The UN demands access to hundreds of illegal migrants on Lampedusa as Italy continues to expel them by air.
America's Mount St Helens belches more vapour, raising fears it might blow at any moment.
As they have for millennia, wolves reign supreme in the temperate rain forest that drapes the inland fjords and islands of northwest British Columbia.
Despite a record hurricane season, many Florida hot spots are relatively unscathed. And tourist bureaus, hotels, and others are pulling out all the stops to lure travelers back.
Haiti's death toll from last month's floods caused by tropical storm Jeanne rises to nearly 2,000, officials say.
By MATT MOORE     STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- American researchers Dr. Richard Axel and Linda B...
South Korea's Haansoft is joining the effort to put Linux on computers in Asia.
With a specialized version of Windows XP Embedded, the software maker wants to get its fingers in the till.\
Speaking in London on Sunday, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that Microsoft, not Apple, will dominate the future of digital technology in the home.
Online retailer Amazon.com broadened its Web services efforts on Monday by releasing additional guidelines and data designed for use by people and companies building links to its site.
AP - Allen Iverson declared Monday that he is 100 percent and promised to be a better leader and teammate.
AP - Ernie Els is familiar with his position in the world ranking, but not the scenery. He no longer is looking up at Tiger Woods.
In a bid to revive its flagging fortunes, Siebel Systems plans to create customized software packages designed to reach the 75 of the CRM market now unavailable to it.
SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.
Developing versions of the Windows operating system with only a subset of the code base would mark a major technical shift for Microsoft and could help it to better address the threat posed by Linux.
A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Kodak when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman said today.
After a ride of some 50 miles straight up, SpaceShipOne paused poetically in the weightless black above the Mojave Desert.
Crystal Palace notched their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory on Monday over London rivals Fulham, who played for all but the first six minutes with 10 men.
Diebold, the much-criticized electronic voting machine company, got another black eye last week. A California district court ruled that it had violated federal law when it falsely charged two college students 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Green Bay Packers finally managed to unload disgruntled cornerback Mike McKenzie - on the New Orleans Saints.
LOS ANGELES (Ticker) - As expected, the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday exercised the 2005-06 contract option on forward Chris Wilcox.
Police in India are blaming separatist rebels for a series of bombings in the country #39;s volatile northeast that killed more than 60 people.
The US Supreme Court, as expected, let stand a ruling against Visa and MasterCard for anti-competitive practices on Monday, handing a victory to their arch-rival American Express.
Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers Monday exercised the contract option for the 2005-06 season on forward Chris Wilcox.
Start-up TouchDown Industries thinks a slew of rabid football fans will help its novelty PC succeed where others have failed.
The. nationwide average price for gasoline rose closer to \$2 a gallon the last week and diesel fuel hit a new high for a second week, the government said Monday.
The US Supreme Court has refused to hear an appeal of a lower court decision upholding the Federal Trade Commission #39;s imposition of a national do not call registry.
A stubby rocket plane touched down safely in the Mojave desert yesterday to claim a dual prize: the first private, crewed spacecraft to fly two successful missions within 
Attacks against Web-services applications are expected to increase, analysts warn, and network security managers may not be prepared.
Developers of the NetBeans released the second beta iteration version 4.0 software last week, squashing more than 900 bugs found in the first beta release.
LONDON - Even before Michael Owen suffered a leg muscle injury that could jeopardise his England starting spot on Saturday, the seeds of doubt had already been sown.
Crystal Palace beat 10-man London rivals Fulham 2-0 to register their first win of the season on Monday and finally move off the bottom of the English Premiership.
Colts.com. Such was the formula for the Colts throughout the first month of the season, and such was the formula Sunday afternoon.
It should have been a relaxing stroll in the sunshine for John Howard, a chance to press the flesh of friendly voters in Bennelong, his Sydney seat.
Large-scale assaults like that in Samarra  could be the way forward in Iraq, the US defence secretary says.
As educators look for ways to move to smaller high schools, Manhattan Theater Lab is starting out with just over 100 freshmen.
In upholding a lower court #39;s ruling, the Supreme Court rejected arguments that the Do Not Call list violates telemarketers #39; First Amendment rights.
Crystal Palace won its first game of the Premier League season, accounting for Fulham 2-0 at Selhurst Park, to move off the bottom of the table.
LONDON : The dollar rose slightly against the euro and yen after the weekend #39;s meeting of Group of Seven finance ministers produced no surprises, analysts said.
 quot;I expect steady growth in consumer spending and the continued growth in business investment, quot; says Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia president Anthony Santomero.
What a strange weekend it has been for the most prolific CxO-cum-blogger in the high tech industry - Sun COO and presidentJonathan Schwartz.
Andy Robinson yesterday installed Jonny Wilkinson as his captain for next month #39;s internationals at Twickenham and appeared to cement his own position at the same time.
Start-up Xamlon releases user interface tools that give early access to Microsoft's forthcoming graphics in Windows.
Siebel chief Mike Lawrie pledges better customer service, spotlights focus on a la carte software.
Bangladeshs trouser exports suffered significantly while Chinas more than doubled after its 2001 accession to the WTO. Bangladesh imports about 80 percent of its main raw material - fabrics.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett is likely sidelined two more games after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery Monday.
We uncover the candidates' views on Internet taxes, privacy, and other tech hot buttons.
In a few years, every new electronics device will likely have a network address.
The government should hit the national debt #39;s \$7.4 trillion ceiling this month, and the Bush administration told Congress again Monday it should raise the limit.
Charterhouse has beaten off competition from another private equity player to buy Saga, the company that provides services to the over-50s, for 1.
Intel (Quote, Chart) released a new suite of developers #39; tools it hopes will increase the amount of people using its 64-bit technology.
A scare triggered by a vibrating sex toy shut down a major Australian regional airport for almost an hour Monday, police said. The vibrating object was discovered Monday morning 
AFP - Southern Sudanese rebels warned that the only alternative to a comprehensive peace deal is  quot;comprehensive war quot;.
AP - The Labor Department announced a new program Monday to provide job training, counseling and employment services to veterans wounded in Afghanistan and Iraq who cannot return to active duty.
Donald Rumsfeld queries whether there were ever ties between Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden.
When a baby is stuck during delivery, doctors do not have to cut the woman to safely deliver the child, research shows.
The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll, taken after the first debate, shows that John Kerry reassured many Americans of his ability to handle an international crisis.
Update addresses potential denial-of-service vulnerabilities as well as a flaw in QuickTime.
Steve Wigley is being allowed to stay as Southampton #39;s coach, although he lacks a coaching certificate required by the Premier League.
US Airways announced plans Tuesday to cut \$45 million a year in pay and benefits to roughly 3,700 management employees, a move the airline hopes will convince its union 
cientists think useful samples of all the many types of solar particles collected by the Genesis space capsule survived its crash in the Utah desert almost four weeks ago, promising researchers 
SYRACUSE, NY -- Lockheed Martin announced Monday that its Maritime Systems  amp; Sensors unit has received contracts worth \$625 million for radar development.
IBM #39;s Canada Division has announced a new feature in selected models of their Thinkpad T42 series of notebook computers - a fingerprint reader for enhanced security measures.
Two car bombs ripped through crowded Baghdad streets on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding 96, as insurgents step up their campaign to undermine the country #39;s 
TURKEYS prime minister said admitting his Muslim-majority country to the European Union would contribute to  quot;reconciliation between civilisations quot;.
AP - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died. He was 77.
Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez are revved up. Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt are rarin' to go...
Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
New trial reveals that the former CEO's exaggerations about the Oracle takeover bid led to his firing.
San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - San Francisco cornerback Mike Rumph is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken right arm.
The united front presented by the seven defendants in the Pitcairn child sex abuse trial has finally started to crumble, with Dennis Christian, a descendant of the Bounty 
Sudan on Monday ruled out any notion of self-rule for Darfur and said rebels in the western region would not secure the same concessions agreed with southern rebels after two decades of war.
Sony's first consumer HD camcorder is expected to arrive in the U.S. soon.
British Chancellor Gordon Brown believes action must be taken to protect economic growth. Photo: AP. The global economic recovery is at risk unless governments tackle growing trade imbalances 
especially to the electronics industry. This is the time of year when companies begin releasing their shiniest/newest/greatest products to compete for your holiday shopping dollar.
A successful bidder for Manchester United could have to pay more than 300p a share, City sources suggested yesterday. The stock rose 13.
The US Treasury Department will hit its legally authorized ceiling for borrowing early this month and will urge Congress to raise it, a Treasury spokesman said on Monday.
Nearly doubling the industry #39;s current handheld storage maximum, palmOne today introduced the Tungsten(TM) T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory.
Sudanese President Omar El Bashir said here Monday that his government is resolving Darfur issue with logic and positive action. In an address to the Sudanese National Council 
Former PeopleSoft chief executive Craig Conway has admitted that he lied to Wall Street analysts about the health of the business during his defence against the hostile bid from rival Oracle.
IBM has unveiled its first ThinkPad notebook computer that comes equipped with a built-in fingerprint reader. Select models of the ThinkPad T42 are equipped with the integrated fingerprint reader.
Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration, piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday.
Two veteran astronauts are enjoying their last week on Earth before rocketing into space for a six-month stay aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
The XD1 uses Opteron processors and the Linux operating system--and sports a starting price tag of \$50,000.
Austin-based Temple-Inland Inc. (NYSE: TIN) plans to lay off about 8 percent of the company #39;s workforce, or about 1,500 employees.
Microsoft says the scripting platform, called Shell, is not final.
With hundreds crossing the Mediterranean, European leaders have been sparring over a plan to stem the flow of asylum seekers.
Sadr City slum after car bombs earlier killed at least 26 people in two Iraqi cities. immediate word on casualties and the US military said it had no information on the fighting.
AP - Orders placed with U.S. factories fell for the first time in four months, the Commerce Department said Monday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts.
AP - Records produced by Washington state and county governments went online Monday in what is being called the first of its kind facility for electronically preserving state documents.
AFP - China's online game industry could grow seven-fold to become a billion-dollar business within the next two years, state media cites industry insiders as saying.
Ziff Davis - The update fixes about eight vulnerabilities, including an image file problem and printing and networking holes.
AP - The Supreme Court returned for another term Monday and wasted no time getting down to business, appearing poised to alter the system used for sentencing 64,000 federal criminal defendants a year.
 MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan (Reuters) - "I am going to  prove that being Hazara is no longer a crime in this country."
The surge in violence has led many experts to voice serious doubts about whether legitimate elections can be held in January.
As orchestra pits grow smaller to accommodate seating, musicians have been deployed to perform in remote rooms.
General Mills Inc. said Monday it plans to buy back about 16.5 million shares of its common stock from beverage company Diageo PLC.
AP - Trent Green threw a 3-yard touchdown pass to Jason Dunn, and the Kansas City Chiefs held a 10-3 lead over the Baltimore Ravens after the first quarter Monday night.
AP - Nick Skorich, an NFL head coach in Cleveland and Philadelphia and the offensive line coach on the Eagles' 1960 championship team, has died at the age of 83.
If Ernie Els is to contend for major championships and remain one of the world #39;s elite golfers, he had to put the events of this summer behind him.
The Gold Glove shortstop and his agent met with Indians general manager Mark Shapiro for an hour on Monday to discuss whether Vizquel will be with Cleveland next year.
Pitching, as usual, will play a critical role in these playoffs, positively and negatively.
Clinton Portis asserts that his problems Sunday were partially attributable to the Browns defense calling out Washington's plays before the team could run them.
Modeling his new Miami Heat uniform, a slimmed-down center Shaquille O'Neal promised to be a team leader during the organization's designated media day.
The Astros, Red Sox and Braves are riding hot streaks at just the right time as the Yankees limp into the playoffs.
Peter Angelos will meet with officials again with a goal toward concluding a compensation package.
A year has made quite a difference for Virginia defensive end Kwakou Robinson who has stepped into the void created by the absence of injured end Chris Canty.
Sam Maldonado and Josh Allen successfully share the rushing load for the Maryland Terrapins, mirroring the national trend in collegiate football.
2006 will mark the first time in 19 years the Kentucky Derby, Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes will not be shown on the same network as ABC will host the Belmont.
The Packers traded cornerback Mike McKenzie and a conditional draft choice to the Saints yesterday for reserve quarterback J.T. O'Sullivan and a second-round pick.
Gazprom has spun a web of control over energy supplies extending from Estonia on the Baltic Sea to Bulgaria on the Black Sea.
India #39;s top software exporter Tata Consultancy Services announced Monday it has won a multimillion dollar deal with Italian sports car maker Ferrari to design Formula 1 engines.
Tokyo #39;s key stock index fell Tuesday morning on profit taking following hefty gains the day before. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
The English Premier League team says it had received a  quot;preliminary approach quot; containing a number of significant conditions for a financial takeover.
Adrian Fernandez scored his third career IRL IndyCar Series win this afternoon, claiming victory in the Toyota Indy 400 at California Speedway.
Big game hunters can return to Africa to shoot the black rhino after a 20-year worldwide ban on trade in the animals was lifted yesterday.
afrol News, 4 October - Hundred years of conservation efforts have lifted the southern black rhino population from about hundred to 11,000 animals.
The Supreme Court Monday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.
The Supreme Court yesterday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.
GORDON Cooper, one of the original Mercury astronauts who pioneered the US role in outer space, died Monday at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced.
LONDON: Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, was named yesterday as England captain.
By The Associated Press. Bob Melvin is out as manager of the Mariners, a day after Seattle ended its worst season in 12 years with its 99th loss.
HOPES for Ken Bigley #39;s freedom rose yesterday after it was claimed he had been  #39;sold #39; to a less brutal gang of kidnappers.
Reuters - Former Australia captain Steve Waugh says India skipper Saurav Ganguly is suspect against the short ball.
AP - The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday let stand a lower court's ruling that upheld a county ordinance banning gun shows on government property such as fairgrounds.
Immigration officials have a message for employers hoping to hire foreign workers through the H1-B visa program for the fiscal year that began Friday: It's too late.
The defeated Indonesian president accepts the poll result, without formally stating she has lost.
One of seven men facing a total of 55 charges of sex offences against young girls on the tiny island of Pitcairn changes his plea to guilty.
As farmers are pitted against developers allied with local officials, peasants and other rural landowners who still make up 60 percent of China's 1.3 billion people increasingly have tried to resist.
After serving a five-game suspension, Milton Bradley worked out with the Dodgers as they prepared for Tuesday's opener against the St. Louis Cardinals.
A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
A California company, PolyFuel, plans to announce that it has achieved a breakthrough in fuel-cell membranes.
A director of PeopleSoft said that Craig A. Conway, the company's chief, was fired in part because he made false statements at an analysts' conference in September 2003.
For those who need to make telephone calls in flight and don't want to sell the second car to finance them, help is on the way.
The Charles Schwab Corporation said yeserday that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
A privately built rocket plane has won a 10 million US dollar prize for the first commercially viable manned spacecraft. Space Ship One has touched down in a US desert after 
The Belmont Stakes is leaving NBC to return to ABC in 2006, ending a television partnership with the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
AT LEAST 22 people were killed and dozens more missing after a boat carrying would-be immigrants to Italy capsized in the Mediterranean, reports said today.
Pension rules need to be changed to help women avoid poverty in old age as a mix of low pay and time out for childcare is limiting their retirement savings, the TUC says.
The Bush administration yesterday raised serious objections about congressional efforts to approve a corporate tax-cut bill this week, warning that the Republican-backed 
Gordon Cooper, the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original Mercury astronauts whose space endurance record cleared the way for manned flight to the moon, has died.
AP - Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
Organization of American States head Miguel Angel Rodriguez faces a corruption probe in Costa Rica.
With hundreds crossing the Mediterranean, European leaders have been sparring over a plan to stem the flow of asylum seekers.
The president stays ahead, despite surging enthusiasm for Kerry among Democrats.
The U.S. official said Monday that the United States made two major mistakes: not deploying enough troops and then not containing the violence immediately after the ouster of Saddam Hussein.
Like the autumn leaves, baseball changes in October. Pitchers dominate, and hitters desperately look for ways to score runs. By Andre Pichette, AP.
A strengthening economy has been good news for office-supply retailers, as increased hiring means rising sales of sticky notes, pens, and other cubicle sundries.
TODAY #39;S Newspoll was no guarantee of victory for the Coalition and the election result would be close, Prime Minister John Howard said.
Japan #39;s defense panel Monday called for greater security measures, strengthening the US/Japan security alliance and changing the Self-Defense Forces.
Edward Kozel, Cisco's former chief technology officer, joins the board of Linux seller Red Hat.
Sun signs up the software company to support its attempt to make useful a version of its Solaris operating system for x86 chips.
The software maker offers a new service to add digital signatures to PDF documents.
Sun Microsystems on Tuesday will detail "Panther," which promises more high-speed cache memory and higher clock speeds.
The Red Sox and the Angels believe they can beat each other in a three-of-five-game division series and perhaps get one more shot at ... the Yankees.
Priest Holmes ran for 133 yards and two touchdowns, and the Chiefs wore down the highly touted Baltimore defense in a victory Monday night.
Yahoo has enhanced its My Yahoo service with personalization features including search history, the ability to save pages to a 'personal web' and block URLs from appearing in search results.
Today the Supreme Court declined to rule that the National Do Not Call Registry violates telemarketers #39; rights to commercial free speech.
As the European Commission prepares to give its verdict on whether Turkey is ready to start talks about joining the EU, herewith key questions and answers in the debate about its membership.
AP - With poker's popularity growing because of televised tournaments, retailers are betting that playing cards and chips will be among the must-have items during the holiday shopping season.
After implementing an audacious plan to push deep into the Northeast and negotiating the purchase of French contract stationer Guilbert SA, Bruce Nelson has resigned as Office Depot Inc.
Description: Trash pickups on the International Space Station ended nearly two years ago, when the Columbia disaster halted shuttle flights.
Arab nations demanded in a draft UN Security Council resolution yesterday that Israel immediately halt its incursion into the northern Gaza Strip, where fighting has left at least 65 Palestinians dead.
with physical problems to overcome and no certainty that they can do it -- and the heady optimism has been replaced by a harsh realism.
A French court rules a deportation order against a radical Muslim preacher is lawful and he may be expelled again.
Big Blue releases two new inexpensive Power5-based Unix servers to take on Unix machines from HP and Sun.
The Internet portal will introduce on Tuesday advanced navigation tools to let people store, search and share their favorite Web pages--creating for users what it calls  quot;My Web.
When floating through space, and orbiting the Earth, an astronaut witnesses a sunset and sunrise every 45 minutes. Exploring beyond the atmosphere furthers 
The price of crude oil moves back above the benchmark \$50 a barrel mark as production facilities in the Gulf of Mexico remain down.
Hutchison Whampoa, under pressure to offset losses on 3G mobile costs, cuts the price for the sale of its emerging markets arm.
Finance Minister P Chidambaram warned that central banks should be cautious when raising interest rates because inflationary pressures were supply driven.
President Bush used a Monday trip to Des Moines to sign into law an extension of tax benefits that he said will ensure 94 million Americans continue paying lower tax bills next year.
US employers will add jobs at a quicker pace at the end of 2004 and throughout 2005 than earlier expected, according to a survey of economic forecasters out Monday.
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
Hutchison Telecommunications (HTIL) has cut the size of its initial public offering (IPO) for a second time to bolster interest in its shares.
The terms were simple enough. Be the first to fly three people or the equivalent weight 62 miles high. Do it a second time within two weeks.
Yahoo, in a fierce market battle with Web search leader Google, has rolled out a test version of its search service that helps users personalise results.
Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance on Friday at the US Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
Chicago Bull #39;s player Scottie Pippen will join former teammate Michael Jordan in retirement. He is reportedly to announce his retirement from the NBA on Tuesday.
Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs yesterday near the symbol of US authority in Iraq -- the Green Zone, where the US Embassy and 
AIG said Monday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has accused it of engaging in a pattern of  quot;misleading quot; public statements about a controversial accounting product 
With oil near \$50 a barrel, alternatives to gasoline are attracting more attention - including fuel cells, devices that convert hydrogen into electric current with no waste products except heat and pure water.
AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in physics, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
SINGAPORE: Singapore Airlines (SIA) will sell its 6.3 percent stake in Air New Zealand, officially ending its venture in the now government-controlled carrier.
AP - A decade ago, analysts were calling Britain's Conservative Party the dominant force in 20th-century British politics.
The new president of Chechnya, Alu Alkhanov, is due to be sworn in amid high security in the capital, Grozny.
Reuters - The NFL handed down fines to 15\players involved in a scuffle between the Minnesota Vikings and\Chicago Bears on Sept. 26.
A boat carrying would-be immigrants to Italy capsized in the Mediterranean, killing at least 22 people and leaving dozens more missing.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The NFL handed down fines to 15  players involved in a scuffle between the Minnesota Vikings and  Chicago Bears on Sept. 26.
A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
The Charles Schwab Corporation said that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
Salt Lake City-based Bonneville International Corp. has acquired three radio stations in Phoenix in a trade for a Chicago rock station and cash.
WASHINGTON - A cash-flow problem in a federal program is hindering the ability of many schools and libraries to pay for Internet service.
Neil McCann has withdrawn from Scotland #39;s squad for upcoming World Cup qualifiers after the Southampton winger injured his hamstring over the weekend against Manchester City.
Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company #39;s stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond.
It was not exactly riveting: three candidates and the representatives of 12 others sat at a horseshoe-shaped table yesterday droning 
The plot: The Anaheim Angels seemed to capture in the final week of the season the swagger they had when they won the 2002 World Series as a wild card.
Newly-promoted side Crystal Palace scored their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory over London rivals Fulham here on Monday.
Mike McKenzie got his wish yesterday, seven months after asking out of Green Bay. The Packers sent the disgruntled cornerback and a future conditional sixth-round 
In the wake of escalating deadly violence in the Gaza Strip, the UN Security Council met Monday at an open debate to hear many speakers urge an end to conflict there.
SN30952 writes  quot;An adult sex toy shut down a key regional airport for almost an hour today when it was mistaken for a bomb, Queensland police said.
Prime Minister Tony Blair is preparing for a gruelling trip to Africa just days after undergoing heart treatment.
Orders placed with US factories fell for the first time in four months, the Commerce Department said yesterday, with demand dropping sharply for commercial airplanes and parts.
The title of most powerful businesswoman is going, going, gone, to eBay Inc.'s Meg Whitman.
(10/05/04)-- A fellow Mercury astronaut is mourning the death of Gordon Cooper Monday at his home in Ventura, California. Wally Schirra told Associated Press Radio 
Oil futures retreated below \$50 a barrel yesterday, though analysts said there is enough uncertainty about geopolitics and weather -- and the industry #39;s 
Scientists took a fresh look at human evolution through tiny hitchhikers that have clung to humans and their relatives for centuries - lice.
In one of his box-of-chocolates moments, Manny Ramirez served up a surprise when he was asked if he had ever played for a better team than the 2004 Red Sox.
Michael Owen has reassured Sven-Goran Eriksson that he will be fit to face Wales in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier - if selected.
Australian leader John Howard has put national security back onto the election agenda by announcing plans for a regional spy school.
PC World - Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
\China is leading the world in the number of subscribers to broadband through phone lines, says a report.
AP - Loud explosions echoed through the Iraqi capital Tuesday morning as a number of mortar rounds landed near government offices, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. There was no immediate word on casualties.
roundup Plus: Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris...Apple issues Mac OS X security update.
American International Group seemed headed for deeper trouble with watchdogs yesterday after saying it could be sued over allegedly false information in press releases.
US chip-related stocks, including Intel Corp., declined after Advanced Micro Devices Inc. said third- quarter sales fell from the preceding period.
It seems the Yankees have the Mets to thank for the big, overhand left thats coming head-on at them tonight in Game 1 of the ALDS at Yankee Stadium.
DAVID JAMES has vowed to fight to reclaim his place in the England side even though Paul Robinson seems likely to keep his place against Wales this weekend.
Kansas City #39;s Priest Holmes ran for two touchdowns and Trent Green passed for one Monday night in a 27-24 win over the Baltimore Ravens.
Chinese President Hu Jintao has sent a congratulatory message to Indonesia #39;s newly elected president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Bob Melvin was fired as manager of the Seattle Mariners yesterday, a day after the team ended the season with its 99th loss.
A few hours before the Houston Astros' regular-season finale, Roger Clemens was sick to his stomach and hooked up to an IV tube.
The Renault F1 Teams two technical directors have overseen the final developments for Japan in fine detail. Heres an explanation
Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
Energy regulator Ofgem blames high oil prices and problems with the UK's supply of gas for a steep rise in wholesale gas prices.
Kidney exchanges are helping doctors shorten transplant waiting lists, but they also pose serious challenges.
A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
A discovery of 1.66 million-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across Asia at a relatively rapid clip.
The removal of the painkiller from the market served as a reminder that new drugs sometimes turn out to have unforeseen side effects after a few years of widespread use.
Two American scientists who solved the enigma of how people can smell 10,000 different odors and recall them later were awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
and yes, more pitches in the mail - now that the US Supreme Court has upheld a ruling that allows banks to offer credit cards from issuers such as American Express and Discover Card.
THE board of investment bank Lazard meets today to consider a float on Wall Street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports.
The New Orleans Saints completed their long-anticipated trade for Green Bay cornerback Mike McKenzie on Monday. The Saints swapped third-string quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and their second 
Oklahoma and USC, 12-0 like the Tigers, head to the Orange Bowl title game while Texas vaults Cal for a BCS berth. By wire services.
Testimony from a PeopleSoft board member has indicated that the company had been thinking about removing deposed CEO Craig Conway for some time.
A star-spangled rocket plane returned to space yesterday, enabling a team of entrepreneurs to collect a \$10 million prize for developing the first reusable private spacecraft.
Business India Los Angeles, Oct 5 : IBM has introduced a biometric notebook computer with an integrated fingerprint reader that can recognise the user of the computer, reports Xinhua.
Just four days before a closely fought election, Australian Prime Minister John Howard says he faces a tough battle despite an opinion poll showing his conservative government ahead of opposition Labour.
Forest Laboratories (nyse: FRX - news - people ) said strong sales volume will propel fiscal second-quarter earnings higher than previously expected.
People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to part them from their cash.
AP - Israeli and Palestinian security officials have begun indirect contacts aimed at ending a major Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, an Israeli military official said Tuesday, but the claim was denied by the Palestinians.
Lawyers acting for Michael Jackson in the child molestation case bid to have prosecutor removed.
The move comes as the company tries to win back choosy high street customers amid fierce competition from the likes of Next and supermarket chain Asda.
Students came back to Detroit #39;s Osborn High School on Monday morning to find vandals and thieves damaged the building extensively during the weekend.
An obscure amendment attached to an appropriations bill could throw a wrench into presidential candidate John Kerry's plans to fund embryonic stem cell research. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Oil prices were hovering close to last weeks record high today after breaking through the 50 US dollars mark again. Production problems in the Gulf of Mexico due to 
The Cubs and manager Dusty Baker on Monday hotly disputed right fielder Sammy Sosa #39;s notion of the truth on two separate fronts.
A judge on Tuesday began preliminary hearings into the 14-billion-euro collapse of Parmalat that could lead to one of the biggest trials in Italian corporate history 
Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take 
A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak when it developed its Java technology.
Many experts say Linux and open-source software is your biggest threat. But is your real competitor a desire for an alternative to Microsoft, rather than any particular product?
Reuters - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole\and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more\accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said\Monday.
A ladybird described as one of the most invasive species could threaten a variety of insects in the UK, an expert says.
America's Mount St Helens belches more vapour, raising fears it might blow at any moment.
US stock-index futures rose before an Institute for Supply Management report that may show growth in the services industry accelerated last month.
PalmOne has announced a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant designed to protect data even when its battery dies.
BALTIMORE -- The Kansas City Chiefs bullied the Baltimore Ravens with a dominant performance that belied their stature as a winless team.
TUCSON - The Arizona football team is sticking with quarterback Kris Heavner, but Wildcats coach Mike Stoops wants the sophomore to improve.
Kodak today announced 600 UK job losses and the closure of a Nottingham factory as the world #39;s largest photography company continued to shift its focus towards digital cameras.
Chicago media mavens were thrown for a loop Monday with news that one of the market #39;s most famous rock radio stations was changing hands.
MOJAVE, California -- SpaceShipOne made history Monday and triumphed in the international Ansari X Prize race to launch the first privately built spacecraft.
Arsenal have signed a 100m deal with Emirates Airlines, which will see their new 60,000-seater ground at Ashburton Grove named the Emirates Stadium.
Israeli and Palestinian officials have begun negotiations to end a week-long Israeli army operation in north Gaza, Israeli security sources say.
The European Commission has signalled that it may suspend membership negotiations with candidate countries if they fail to meet tough EU criteria.
angry villagers burned down houses of ethnic minority people they blame for separatist violence, police say. Settlers in the area attacked Bodo people and burned down at 
p2pnet.net News:- Eastman Kodak is looking for \$1.06 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems following a federal jury ruling in its favour.
Bangalore - India have called up batting great Sunil Gavaskar to assist their out-of-form batsmen ahead of the Test series against world champions Australia starting on Wednesday.
Arsenal #39;s new stadium will be named after the current sponsors of one of its biggest rivals after the football club agreed a 3m a year deal with Emirates Airlines.
It was hard to find anything amiss or out of place. That #39;s the way things generally go on media day. There are smiles all around.
Outgoing Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri has asked her countrymen to accept the results of last month #39;s presidential election.
5 October 2004 -- Afghan Transitional Administration Chairman Hamid Karzai traveled to a campaign rally outside Kabul today, four days ahead of Afghanistan #39;s presidential election.
Oil prices have neared last week #39;s record high after bouncing back above the \$50-a-barrel mark despite a peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria.
Reuters - Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
SiliconValley.com - Starting today, users of wireless broadband should find it safer to surf the Web from a T-Mobile HotSpot.
Crystal Palace were triumphant last night (Oct 4) over 10-man Fulham at Selhurst Park, lifting themselves off the bottom of the Premiership.
SiliconValley.com - Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve Jobs has quietly returned to work full time after taking a leave of absence to recover from cancer surgery.
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; 'What unadulterated bollocks'
 HSBC Bank USA will open a D.C. branch by the end of November in a bid to replace Riggs Bank as the city's premier diplomatic bank.
Arsenal unveil Emirates Airlines as the sponsor for their new stadium at Ashburton Grove.
Complex skull operations were being performed as early as 960AD, remains of a body found at an archaeological dig show.
LONDON : Oil prices rallied back above 50 dollars a barrel, closing in on record high points on technical factors and persistent worries about tight global supplies, traders said.
Diageo is looking to sell part of its stake in General Mills Inc. The drinks giant announced yesterday (4 October) that it plans to sell around 33.
Baltimore Ravens are still the odds-on favourites to win the AFC North despite losing at home to a rejuvenated Kansas City Chiefs.
In his first media scrum since publicly demanding a trade, Vince Carter acted like he always does when the cameras surround him and the microphones threaten to chip his teeth.
There were no fancy words or phrases tossed around yesterday by the man officially named the 10th manager in Blue Jays history. John Gibbons was never one for fancy talk either when managing the Jays on an 
Afghan leader Hamid Karzai holds his only campaign rally outside Kabul, four days ahead of presidential polls.
Iran has missiles with a range of 2,000km, says former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani.
Peru's President Toledo faces a backlash after TV audiences hear him harangue and insult a presenter by telephone.
Official figures show that unemployment rose sharply in Germany in September, a sign that the economy remains weak.
Pakistani forces and Islamic militants in South Waziristan agree a 10-day ceasefire for talks to end fighting.
As the number of Web services specifications proliferates, some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach.
ARSENE WENGER was today given a huge Premiership title boost after Arsenal agreed a multi-million pound sponsorship deal for their new 400m Ashburton Grove stadium.
Adaptec is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and might soon find itself in direct competition with several old partners.
\China says its eastern provinces and Shanghai face more power shortages this winter and spring.
London: Manchester United, the worlds wealthiest football club, confirmed on Monday they have received a preliminary approach regarding a possible takeover bid.
The plot: The Yankees will have home-field advantage throughout the playoffs, thanks to their 101-win season and the AL #39;s victory in the July All-Star Game.
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on comprehensive Fedora guides
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store retail sales rose in  the latest week, a report said on Tuesday.
Washington has opened what is believed to be the nation's first digital archives for state government, holding everything from birth records to the first election results in Washington Territory in 1854.
Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
The Bush campaign is making a push for the allegiance of African-American clergy, while the Democrats are motivating them to get their parishioners to the polls.
AP - A suburban Philadelphia company is hoping that a vaccine for anthrax could be lurking in spinach, petunias or Swiss chard.
Crude oil prices briefly hit an all-time high of US\$50.69 on Tuesday as worries persisted over supply and unrest in key producers.
Fans and small shareholders in Man United hope to increase their holdings as a way of seeing off Malcolm Glazer or any other bidder for the club.
 BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The United States sees no reason to  offer Iran incentives to ensure its nuclear program remains  peaceful, a U.S. government official said on Tuesday.
The US vice-presidential candidates will debate on Tuesday as the race for the White House remains close.
Israel reviews its claim that Palestinian militants used a UN ambulance to carry rockets in Gaza.
Secretary of State Colin Powell plans a brief stop in hurricane-ravaged Grenada on Wednesday.
After Beslan, Europe's schools look to cameras to keep children safe without restricting their room to grow
Drinks giant Diageo today raised 2.26 billion US dollars (1.27bn) after selling a further chunk of shares in Cheerios cereal maker General Mills.
Biotechnology company Genentech Inc. received a subpoena from the US Attorney #39;s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania requesting documents related to the promotion 
Once again, Ravens Insider staffer Dev Panchwagh breaks down the upcoming Ravens game. Thos week: how to defeat the Chiefs on Monday night.
Sachin Tendulkar will miss India #39;s first Test against Australia because of an elbow injury, according to captain Saurav Ganguly.
Such a missile would be capable of hitting Israel or parts of southeastern Europe. Iran says its missiles are for purely defensive purposes.
The chipmaker's warning raises concerns about the flash memory business, one financial analyst says in a report.
Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
By MATTHEW FORDAHL     SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- New software at Hewlett-Packard Co...
By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy...
Microsoft is developing a product to remove adware and malicious software from PCs, the company #39;s chairman and chief software architect Bill Gates has revealed.
Sun has lost the case brought against it by Eastman Kodak. The photographic giant convinced a Federal jury that Sun infringed its patents in the development of the Java programming language.
The story of modern humans final interactions with the extinct Homo erectus may have been revealed by research into the evolution of lice.
Kansas City held on to the ball and controlled the clock to outlast the Baltimore Ravens 27-24 and win their first game of the season.
Like most of the relievers the Giants have signed to multiyear contracts, Jim Brower has a list of incentives built into the deal.
PC World - Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
Reuters - An anthrax outbreak has killed\120 hippos in Uganda, raising the toll from a disease that has\claimed hundreds of wild animals in Zimbabwe, Botswana and
From Wintel to Symtel, horizontal integration coming to handsets
Crude oil prices briefly hit an all-time high of \$50.69 on Tuesday as worries persisted over supply and unrest in key producers.
Forget Bluetooth and UWB. A group of Japanese companies believes it's found a better answer for short-range networking.
Singapore Airlines will sell its 6.5 percent stake in Air New Zealand, the government-controlled New Zealand airline said Tuesday.
With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Wal-Mart announced Monday that it plans to open or expand up to 45 of its flagship discount stores and up to 250 Supercenters in the United States next year.
Premier League champions Arsenal have announced a sponsorship deal with Emirates Airlines worth a potential 100 million pounds, the biggest in English football history.
London - Michael Owen has vowed to silence the critics calling for him to be axed by England after a troubled start to his career with Real Madrid.
MARK COLVIN: The Prime Minister, John Howard, is under pressure this afternoon to explain his claims that interest rates would be higher under a Labor government.
BT has blocked premium rate numbers associated with a net scam that is costing its customers dear.
Reuters - Police have found five decapitated\bodies of Iraqis in northern Iraqi cities, police and hospital\officials said on Tuesday.
Reuters - The United States sees no reason to\offer Iran incentives to ensure its nuclear program remains\peaceful, a U.S. government official said on Tuesday.
Crude oil prices surged to a record in New York and London on concern that hurricane damage to production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico will keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that better management of banking risk and new rules on capital hold the promise of a stronger banking system contributing more to economic growth.
US consumers already swamped with offers from credit card companies can expect more solicitations in the coming months from American Express and Discover Financial Services.
Anheuser-Busch is looking to add some oomph to the beer market. Come November, the world #39;s largest brewer looks to introduce its latest beer.
Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the 
CHIBA, JAPAN -- Sanyo Electric unveiled a prototype player supporting the next-generation optical disc format HD-DVD at the Ceatec 2004 show here this week.
New Web services technologies announced Monday will help developers build money-making applications and use existing mainframe technology to create and deploy new Web services.
Bangalore - India #39;s Vangipurappu Laxman says he is seeking to play a pivotal role again against Australia in their home Test series starting on Wednesday.
Reports over the weekend claimed that Liverpool were considering making a move to bring Owen back to Anfield after his summer move to Madrid.
Russell Anderson claims he relishes every opportunity to pull on a Scotland jersey - even though he does not have too many happy memories to call upon.
Newcastle have been pitted against Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon in the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage. It could mean a reunion with midfielder Hugo Viana, who has returned to the Portuguese capital on 
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, on a surprise visit to Iraq, says violence must not upset plans to hold nationwide elections.  quot;I believe they can and should take place by 
Reuters - U.S. planned job cuts soared to an\eight-month high in September while new hiring rose only\slightly, a report said on Tuesday.
British health authorities on Tuesday suspended the manufacturing license of flu vaccine maker Chiron Corp., a major supplier to the United States.
The U.S. banking system, having weathered a recession and the bankruptcies of several big corporations, is in very good shape, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Did you know you can buy just one share of stock -- or even less -- at a time?
Acquiring wealth is like a caffeine buzz: a fleeting high that leaves you wanting more.
A new study of the phylogeny of human head and body lice provides evidence that Homo sapiens once made direct physical contact with a more archaic lineage.
In an effort to include storage within its empire of security products, Symantec Corp. announced Tuesday that it is going after the backup market with live state recovery 
LARNACA, Cyprus : A Lufthansa flight en route to Israel landed at Larnaca airport in Cyprus after receiving a bomb alert that subsequent investigations said were not serious.
BAGHDAD American warplanes pounded the vast Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight after a US patrol came under gunfire, the military said on Tuesday.
Reuters - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony\Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global\handset market next year.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Reports of demise premature
AFP - The Frankfurt Book Fair, the world's biggest publishing event, prepared to welcome more than 200 Arab authors as guests of honor on the eve of the 56th annual event.
Reuters - Separatist rebels ambushed an army patrol in Indian Kashmir on Tuesday, killing three soldiers and wounding another two, police said.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony  Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global  handset market next year.
Twenty-eight candidates are approved to contest next week's elections to be Somalia's new leader.
Two ground-to-air missiles are found in arms caches uncovered in raids against the Basque separatist group.
The Indian state of Andhra Pradesh says peace talks with the Maoist People's War Group will start on 15 October.
L. Paul Bremer assessed the first phase of the U.S. occupation by saying, "We never had enough troops on the ground."
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that better management of banking risk and new rules on capital hold the promise of a stronger banking system contributing more to economic growth.
SINGAPORE Airlines has bowed to the inevitable and will book a \$141 million loss over the decision yesterday to sell its long-troubled stake in Air New Zealand.
Kodak Versamark #39;s parent company, Eastman Kodak Co., reported Tuesday it plans to eliminate almost 900 jobs this year in a restructuring of its overseas operations.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer hosted a Q amp;A session for a handful of UK journalists in London on Sunday and silicon.com was there.
Adobe and GeoTrust announced that, for customers that need stronger electronic signatures, a new jointly developed certified document solution (CDS) goes online today.
The company is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and may soon find itself in direct competition with several longtime partners.
New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
up 45 percent from August -- according to a survey released by the outplacement firm Challenger, Gray and Christmas. Compared with a year ago, job cuts were up 41 percent.
Spain will play England in a friendly international at Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium on November 17, the Spanish Football Federation announced on Tuesday.
Scotland have added Portsmouth midfielder Richard Hughes to their squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova. Tuesday #39;s move comes a day after coach Berti Vogts said 
New York decided to carry 11 pitchers for the best-of-five series, including both Orlando Hernandez and Kevin Brown, candidates to start Games 3 or 4 along with Javier Vazquez.
Reuters - Britain suspended on Tuesday the\manufacturing license of Chiron Corp., a major supplier of flu\vaccine to the United Kingdom and the United States, for three\months.
Leaders of the Air Line Pilots Association said US Airways' plan to cut salaries and benefits of management was welcome news, but does not constitute a deal.
India's largest software services firm will provide engineering services for the development of Ferrari's 2005-season F1 car.
There's a worldwide cement shortage. Everybody needs it, and this company has it.
Singapore Airlines, which splashed out \$285 million on Air New Zealand shares four years ago, yesterday sold its stake in the national carrier for about \$62 million.
Photographic equipment manufacturer Kodak has blamed the rise of digital photography for 600 job losses and a factory closure. Kodak said declining demand for traditional camera film had forced it to close 
Credit Suisse shares rose on Tuesday amid hopes Switzerland #39;s second-largest financial group will step up the pace of restructuring, prompted by a report that it 
US blue chips edged down on Tuesday as oil jumped to another record and government data on the services sector showed that growth was slower than expected last month.
Korean chipmaker Samsung says it will invest 25 trillion won building new chip production lines over the next six years.
Crystal Palace notched their first Premier League win of the soccer season with a 2-0 victory yesterday over London rivals Fulham, who played for all but the first six minutes with 10 men.
Not only has he gone a second consecutive year without winning a Major, but he has yet to win a stroke-play event. There #39;s more.
UConn freshman guard AJ Price was in intensive care Tuesday after being hospitalized in critical condition with flu-like symptoms, the Hartford Courant reported.
The European Commission will not set special conditions for Turkey when it decides Wednesday whether to recommend opening membership talks with Ankara, Commission President Romano Prodi said Tuesday.
Italy is defending a tough new policy on illegal immigrants, which has put hundreds of new arrivals from sub-Saharan Africa on planes back to Libya without the opportunity to apply for asylum.
\The UK government has suspended the manufacturing licence of major flu vaccine maker Chiron.
Car bombs explode in three Iraqi cities as the interim PM says he has new plans to crush the insurgency.
Ten people die in a shooting in a market in Assam, following a weekend of violence in India's north-east.
Denmark is to undertake an expedition to try to back its bid for the North Pole, the country's Science Ministry says.
US oil prices neared \$51 per barrel Tuesday, steered by speculative buyers wary of US production after Hurricane Ivan and conflicts in other oil-producing nations.
The published account of Pat Tillman's last moments was a distorted and incomplete narrative, according to dozens of internal Army documents obtained by The Washington Post.
PC World - New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
ARM has developed a suite of media and signal processing instructions that will appear in future ARM processors targeting mobile consumer devices.
Reuters - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
Dave Wannstedt wandered near a crowded lounge inside Miami #39;s Pro Player Stadium late Sunday Night, carrying the weight of a beaten man.
The French President has called for national unity for the sake of two French hostages in Iraq, as a row broke out over a failed attempt to free them.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
A director of business software maker Peoplesoft says the firm may be ready to negotiate with its would-be buyer, Oracle.
The average Internet-enabled PC hosts 26 spyware programs, according to an audit by Internet service provider EarthLink, a sign of increasing bombardment by malicious software.
Adobe (Quote, Chart) today unveiled a new offering with partner GeoTrust to help verify the integrity and authenticity of documents.
Earlier this season driver Johnny Sauter was fined \$25,000 and docked 25 points after cursing during a radio interview following a Busch Series race in Las Vegas.
Microsoft's CEO lends some insight into the 2006 release date of the slow-moving next version of Windows.
roundup Plus: IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris.
The staunch rivals appear to cast aside differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from Microsoft.
One example: A remote control that looks like a flip phone. Also, can Triluminos improve your picture?
Who needs that much? Anyone who wants to record a week's worth of TV shows.
Astros: Houston got rolling under manager Phil Garner, who replaced Jimy Williams at the All-Star break, and an amazing late-season surge carried the Astros to the wild card.
FOUR Manchester United players - including recent signing Wayne Rooney - have been nominated for FIFA #39;s World Player of the Year award.
Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying Tuesday. The range would puts parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
Security company Symantec Corp. on Tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its LiveState data recovery software.
Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
PC World - Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
Three Americans shared the Nobel Prize for Physics for their work in increasing science's understanding of the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
AP - Two employees at the Egyptian Embassy were treated for breathing problems and irritated skin after they opened a suspicious package Tuesday, police said.
AP - Putting Saddam Hussein on trial for war crimes is turning out to be a trial in itself, as escalating violence across Iraq makes preparations harder and riskier.
 TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran has increased the range of its  missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying  on Tuesday.
Sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in Darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, a UN envoy says.
World leaders congratulate the winner of Indonesia's elections, but the president stops short of conceding.
Their work focused on understanding the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
Chipmaker Texas Instruments (TI) has played down the importance to the smartphone market of Symbian #39;s new alliance with Intel.
which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
Barring unexpected complications from the concussion Brett Favre suffered Sunday, the Packers will have their starting quarterback in the lineup for their Monday night game against the Titans.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is traveling to Ethiopia this week, for the British-sponsored Commission for Africa meeting to discuss the continent #39;s pressing needs.
AP - Olympic gold medalist Cael Sanderson was hired as an assistant wrestling coach at Iowa State, where he went 159-0 while winning four NCAA championships.
AP - Three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten and Sebastien Grosjean pulled out of the Paris Masters with injuries Tuesday.
AP - When people say it's important to play the Ryder Cup in the right spirit, that apparently goes beyond the week of the matches.
 CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Seven-time All-Star and six-time  World Champion Scottie Pippen announced his retirement from the  Chicago Bulls Tuesday.
With two short trips to the edge of space, the little rocket that could may have ushered in a new era in high-tech travel.
Yahoo Inc. launched a new service designed to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said Tuesday.
Insurgents in Iraq mounted a third straight day of serious attacks yesterday, killing 17 people when they opened fire on buses delivering workers to an ordnance disposal site.
Forest Laboratories, down sharply from its high, offers value and growth.
The legendary film company is cutting slower-growing segments in favor of newer technology.
The top US central banker says the country #39;s banking system has weathered a recession and major corporate bankruptcies, and emerged  quot;strong, vibrant and profitable.
Transport and logistics company CNF Inc. on Tuesday said it agreed to sell its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding business to United Parcel Service Inc.
OTTAWA (CP) - Profits at Canadian retailers are forecast to rise by nearly one-third this year, according to a report by the Conference Board of Canada.
Frenchman Sebastien Grosjean and Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil have pulled out of the upcoming Paris Masters Series tournament due to injuries, the French Tennis Federation said Tuesday.
SCOTTIE Pippen, one of the members of the legendary Chicago Bulls team which scooped six NBA titles in the 1990s, announced his retirement today.
An Israeli missile attack in Gaza City has killed a top official of the Palestinian militant organization, Islamic Jihad, and another member of the group.
The attacks came after gunfire on an American patrol. Meanwhile, four GIs were charged with murder in the death last year of an Iraqi general.
Sun Microsystems today took aim at two core pieces of its server strategy, announcing a new generation of UltraSPARC processors and a key software win for Solaris x86.
RFID vendor Infineon uses SAP #39;s NetWeaver platform to help companies better connect and manage RFID systems from diverse suppliers.
MINNEAPOLIS Onterrio Smith of the Minnesota Vikings will miss his team #39;s next four games for a violation of the NFL substance abuse policy.
The versatile 39-year-old forward won six NBA titles with the Chicago Bulls between 1991 and 1998, playing alongside legendary shooting guard Michael Jordan.
The Irish government today issued a passport to Kenneth Bigley, the British hostage who has been held in Iraq for almost three weeks, in an attempt to help secure his release.
Today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association.
MICHAEL Owen believes he has  quot;a very good chance quot; of playing for England in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Wales.
AFP - Wartime security was rolled out for Afghanistan's interim President Hamid Karzai as he addressed his first election campaign rally outside the capital amidst spiralling violence.
Life returns slowly to normal in the battered Iraqi city after a huge US-led operation to wrest control from insurgents.
Protests continue in France in a bid to stop delivery of  weapons-grade plutonium from the US for recycling.
The company that makes half the flu vaccine used in the U.S. was suspended for manufacturing problems.
LONDON - U.S. health officials warned Tuesday of major flu shot shortages after British health officials abruptly pulled the license of the maker of half the U.S...
The move is part of an effort by Macromedia to expand the use of its Flash format into a broad foundation for delivering Web services and media.
roundup Plus: Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board.
AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis has agreed to plea guilty in his federal drug conspiracy case, an aide to the presiding judge said Tuesday.
AP - Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti admitted in court Tuesday that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, and was sentenced to 180 days in jail.
SAN JOSE -- As expected, Advanced Micro Devices unveiled its dual-core architecture Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum, along with its first performance estimates.
A major rescue effort has been launched off the coast of Ireland after a Canadian submarine sent a distress signal for assistance from the North Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday.
The company is adding the 802.1x security standard throughout its hot-spot network.
WASHINGTON : The vast US services sector grew at a slower pace in September as hurricanes and high energy prices inflicted pain, a survey showed.
Ames, IA (Sports Network) - Former Iowa State standout wrestler Cael Sanderson has joined the school as an assistant for the upcoming season.
Gary Sheffield admitted to unknowingly using an illegal steroid during the 2002 season, becoming the first Major Leaguer involved in the BALCO investigation to do so.
There is still some political uncertainty in Indonesia despite a speech by President Megawati Sukarnoputri in which she said the election result has to be accepted by all.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
AP - An accounting change that could cost schools and libraries an estimated  #36;1 billion in aid drew fire Tuesday from senators who said they were blindsided by the move.
Is the Oklahoma defense a notch below its predecessors? Is Texas #39; offense a step-ahead? Why is Texas Tech feeling good about itself despite its recent loss?
As the hometown of the current Afghan president, Kandahar should be wrapped up for Hamid Karzai. But look around, and 
UK Prime Minister Tony Blair this week will put efforts to curb disease and poverty in Africa at the center of the agenda of the Group of Eight industrial nations next year.
NewsFactor - Intel has served notice that it will be a major player in the emerging\smartphone market, announcing a collaboration with leading handset maker
Reuters - U.S. stocks were mostly flat on\Tuesday as record oil prices and economic data showing\slower-than-expected growth weighed on the markets.
A Secret Service ink expert was found not guilty Tuesday of lying on the witness stand during the Martha Stewart trial.
On a European tour, the CEO weighs in on threats ranging from Linux and EU regulators to music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
roundup Plus: T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots...Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers.
A former assistant treasurer Enron Corp. was charged Tuesday with conspiracy for allegedly helping make the energy company #39;s financial picture appear rosier than it really was.
Pharmaceutical stocks were mixed in afternoon trading, performing slightly better than the Dow Jones Industrial Average but seeing sharp declines in smaller stocks on clinical trial snags.
Israel has arrested 13 UN employees and plans to indict them for  quot;suspected links to terrorism, quot; an Israeli army officer said Tuesday.
photo gallery CEATAC exhibition features electronic gear from a 65-inch TV to a fuel cell-powered mobile phone.
Senators conceded on Tuesday they faced an uphill battle to win the power for the Food and Drug Administration to regulate nicotine and tobacco products, due to strong 
The White House expects revised data due on Friday to show job creation from March 2003 to March 2004 was much more robust than thought, economists who received 
Throughput Computing is the underlying strategy of Sun #39;s new family of UltraSPARC processors designed to significantly increase real-world application performance.
(Daytona Beach, Florida-AP) Oct. 5, 2004 - A slip of the tongue has cost Dale Earnhardt, Junior, first place in the Nextel Cup standings.
A Canadian submarine off the coast of Ireland was forced to call for assistance from the British Royal Navy after a small fire broke out on board, it is reported here Tuesday.
Israel  arrests 13 UN employees on suspicion of "links to terrorism" but does not give  their nationalities.
LOS ANGELES - Gordon Cooper, the last astronaut to take flight during NASA's pioneering Mercury program, has died. He was 77...
BATON ROUGE, La. - A state judge Tuesday threw out a Louisiana constitutional amendment banning gay marriage...
PeopleSoft's board is willing to talk about a deal if the price is right.
(AGI) - Milan, Italy, Oct. 5 - A preliminary court hearing in the Parmalat case was held today. Judge Tacconi scheduled the next hearing on October 29.
Hoping to solidify the often-diverse smartphone marketplace, three high tech companies said they are collaborating on future 3G (define) developments.
Emirates Airline and Arsenal Football Club have signed the biggest club sponsorship in football history, collectively worth about 100 million (Rs 816.
While leaves tumble from trees this fall, another natural wonder is soaring overhead. Hawks in North and South America are taking to the air as part of a seasonal migration.
Plus, PeopleSoft's courtroom confession, and Wal-Mart looks overseas.
RadioShack signs a deal to operate wireless phone kiosks in Sam's Club locations.
Taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
The ISP's new software supports speed dialing, caller ID, three-way calling, hold capability and call logs.
Do you already feel like your mailbox is clogged full of free checks and offers for low introductory rates for new credit cards?
AT amp;T Wireless launched this week an online music service that provides instant gratification to subscribers who hear a tune they can #39;t wait to download.
Sun Microsytems Inc. on Tuesday unveiled an upgrade of its dual-core UltraSPARC processor, which the company claims is twice as fast as the older version.
AP - Sony Corp.'s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
It was just another Bowl Championship Series selection Sunday, as unhappy teams from coast-to-coast once again sparked debate about the BCS, even if there were mostly agreement that USC and Oklahoma 
In a major blow to Martha Stewart, the government ink expert who testified during her trial was found not guilty of perjury after less than two days of jury deliberations.
AP - Gary Sheffield emerged from the trainer's room after games, his left shoulder wrapped in bandages that resembled football pads. Most days, one or two fingers were taped, too.
After seeing little success with the reference designs it created for Microsoft #39;s smartphone platform, Intel will now work with Symbian to create reference platforms for 3G handsets.
SONY #39;S music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
AP - When Jets coach Herman Edwards started reviewing the many problems that plagued his defense last year, one glaring weakness jumped out at him.
Iraqi security forces and American troops have been patrolling the battered streets of Samarra as normal life began returning after a US-led assault wrested the city from rebels.
AP - FIFA banned Algeria's Abdelmalek Cherrad on Tuesday for four matches for insulting a referee during an African World Cup qualifying match against Gabon.
AP - The New Jersey Devils signed veteran left wing Dean McAmmond to a contract to play with Albany of the AHL.
AP - The U.S. Open will return to Congressional Country Club in 2011.
Sony Corp. #39;s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
When Jets coach Herman Edwards started reviewing the many problems that plagued his defense last year, one glaring weakness jumped out at him.
Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith will miss the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. Smith was notified by the league Tuesday that he will 
Oil prices darted above \$US51 a barrel Tuesday as output in the Gulf of Mexico remained in shambles more than two weeks after Hurricane Ivan tore through the region.
Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower on Wall Street today as oil prices climbed above 51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
An international investigation of telemarketing fraud schemes has resulted in the arrests of more than 135 people in cases involving more than 5 million victims, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced Tuesday.
Sony #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
The plot: Although some of the key players aren #39;t familiar to fans, the Braves are no strangers to the playoffs. Their unprecedented streak of 13 consecutive postseason appearances 
Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 1,250 miles, a senior official was quoted as saying on Tuesday, putting parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
The US considers Brazil a solid candidate #39; #39; to join an enlarged United Nations Security Council, US Secretary of State Colin Powell said.
Officials said that most healthy adults should delay or skip flu shots so that people most at risk can get scarce supplies.
AFP - Iraqi labour unions making their global debut at a conference in Japan are seeking tips on their tough task -- how to make workers aware of rights suppressed for years by Saddam Hussein.
AP - For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
Four executives at German chipmaker Infineon were jailed today on charges of engaging in illegal price fixing of PC memory chips according to the US Department of Justice.
Uneasy investors sold stocks mostly lower Tuesday as oil prices climbed above \$51 per barrel, creating new worries that rising energy costs would curb consumer spending and corporate profits.
Doing business from home is about to get easier. Charles Schwab Corp. will lower fees next month in a move that could trigger a price war as online brokers battle for customers.
After flying successfully three times in space, SpaceShipOne is in demand as an alternative way to fly people and small payloads to suborbital space.
Seven Afghan policemen are killed by a landmine in the Kandahar province, ahead of landmark elections.
A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
CEO weighs in on Linux, EU regulators, music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
The Detroit Tigers exercised their option on manager Alan Trammell #39;s three-year contract Tuesday, keeping him with the team through the 2006 season.
As a massive Israeli offensive continues in the Gaza Strip, Arab nations at the United Nations have proposed a resolution demanding an end to the assault.
Britain hopes to use a summit in Ethiopia this week to force an international community obsessed with Iraq and terrorism to also focus on the  quot;scar quot; of Africa.
AP - After losing to Northwestern for the first time in 33 years, there is plenty of blame to go around for Ohio State.
AP - Ernie Els was intrigued when he saw the cover of the book, showing Annika Sorenstam looming large with a club over her shoulder and a smile on her face.
At CEATEC, Sony unveils a home server packed with a terabyte of storage. Also: Networking via ordinary light fixtures?
The Cardinals overwhelm Odalis Perez and the Dodgers in an 8-3 blowout in the opener of their NL playoff series.
Siebel Systems today unveiled a series of initiatives to help companies roll out software implementations more successfully and consolidate customer views in real time.
U.S. consumers don't want to pay for low-power, high-performance chip.
Several companies ease burden of using Internet via cell phones.
Total of 256MB of memory saves data when batteries die.
The new platform is designed to help companies speed the deployment of smart-tag systems and cut the costs of managing both hardware and software components from several suppliers.
IT managers at this week's ILM Solutions Conference said information life-cycle strategies are still a work in progress.
IBM today launched a pair of high-performance, low-priced Unix servers and related security services that are aimed at small to medium-size businesses.
Systinet, Amazon, and Altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of Web services, e-commerce, and XML applications, respectively.
Business software maker Open Text Corp. lowered first-quarter expectations Tuesday due to a number of deals that will fail to close during the period.
ROME, Oct. 5. - Italy has defended its new policy of airlifting illegal immigrants straight back to Libya the maoment they set foot on Italian soil as an emergency measure.
While Iraq remains the controversial center of debate about the war against terrorism, Indonesia is quietly emerging under its new leader as a potentially significant counter to Islamic extremism.
From the thriving centre of Kabul to remote mountain villages, Afghans go to the polls on Saturday still under the shadow of the old regimes.
As the European Union approaches a contentious decision - whether to let Turkey join the club - the Continent #39;s rulers seem to have left their citizens behind.
A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
Insurgents in Iraq fired several mortar rounds into central Baghdad Tuesday, as US forces hit insurgent targets in the Sadr City neighborhood.
NEW YORK : US share prices struggled as the crude oil price gushed to a record high in New York, passing 51 dollars a barrel for the first time.
Stockholders have pounded home builders this week on an earnings warning from Pulte Homes Inc., but credit investors believe the company #39;s Las Vegas troubles do 
Two groundbreaking alliances took shape in the mobile communications industry Tuesday as the largest players continued to vie for customers in the growing market for high-end phones.
Scottie Pippen on Tuesday announced his retirement from the Chicago Bulls, the team he and Michael Jordan led to six NBA titles in the 1990s.
A slip of the tongue on TV cost Dale Earnhardt Jr. first place and \$10,000, penalties imposed by an increasingly image-conscious NASCAR.
Ricky Williams has asked the NFL for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
A ban on hunting critically endangered black rhinoceros has been lifted by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, The Telegraph reported.
Visiting British Defense Secretary Geoffrey Hoon Tuesday welcomed the on-going Indo-Pak dialogue process and said Britain is keenly watching the progress,according to the private News Network of International.
AP - Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
He had a body straight out of an NBA laboratory and a face like a Peruvian sun god. He was a versatile Swiss Army Knife who could shoot, pass and run the floor.
The United States on Tuesday vetoed a draft UN Security Council resolution demanding an immediate end to Israeli military operations in the Gaza strip that have cost some 68 Palestinian lives.
President Karzai's rival gains ground by appealing to Afghanistan's former anti-Soviet resistance fighters.
Volatile and remote areas outside the Sunni triangle are now being scoured by US and Iraqi troops.
Wild weather was tonight hampering an operation involving British forces to rescue a Canadian submarine. Five British vessels are en-route to the stricken HMCS 
House and Senate negotiators defeated an effort Tuesday to have the Food and Drug Administration regulate tobacco products. The proposal was part of a corporate tax bill 
IBM Tuesday pushed harder against rival Sun by releasing a pair of low-priced Unix-based servers geared for small and medium-sized businesses.
InfoWorld - An Eclipse IDE plug-in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a University of California, Berkeley computer science professor.
The United States has vetoed an Arab-backed resolution at the United Nations Security Council that demanded an end to Israel #39;s military operations in the Gaza strip.
Israeli fighter jets forced a passenger plane bound for Tel Aviv to land in Cyprus yesterday in the sixth such bomb scare to hit flights over Europe in the past week.
Reuters - Archaeologists have unearthed\a treasure of gold and silver in a Thracian tomb in Bulgaria,\calling it a unique find from classical antiquity.
Wall Street extended its fourth- quarter rally yesterday, supported by falling oil prices and a bullish assessment of the economy from a Federal Reserve official.
Network services giant AT amp;T is evaluating different operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to Windows for internal use.
Motorsport.com. The titles may be wrapped up for Michael Schumacher and Ferrari but the 2004 champion is keen to notch up another victory at the penultimate race of the season.
Since the worlds nuclear watchdog agency confirmed reports of Irans extensive and secret nuclear activities more than two years ago, international concerns that Tehran might soon acquire bomb-making capabilities have grown.
Search company Google Inc. has lost the services of Evan Williams, father of the Blogger Web logging service.
A study of an ancient human pest -- head lice -- suggests that the ancestors of today #39;s American Indians may have met and fought with 
The Associated Press By Soo-jeong Lee
Scientists have produced the sharpest picture yet taken of atoms, with a resolution of roughly one 400-millionth of an inch.
Reuters - Israeli tank fire wounded at least three\Palestinians in the northern Gaza Strip early on Wednesday,\witnesses said.
AP - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote for John Kerry.
AP - Rep. Charlie Norwood, who has suffered a breathing disorder for more than six years, underwent a lung transplant Tuesday that doctors said was necessary to save his life.
Hollywood actor Johnny Depp insists that he never called America "dumb" for going to war with Iraq.
Vice President Dick Cheney stayed largely out of sight today, while Senator John Edwards was stumping at an Ohio rally.
Though about the same size, the forthcoming dual-core Opteron will be up to 55 percent faster than today's single-core chips, AMD says.
GOLFER Tiger Woods was reportedly close to tying the knot last night with his Swedish fiance, Elin Nordegren, as guests were seen gathering at a Caribbean resort.
Uefa insisted last night that security will not be a problem when Middlesbrough and Newcastle supporters join those of Arsenal in Athens this month to play European matches against three Greek clubs.
AP - There's something about Texas that brings the big plays out of Oklahoma's defense.
AP - The way Florida's offense is playing, you'd think Steve Spurrier was coaching the Gators again.
Ricky Williams has asked the NFL for a hearing to clarify his playing status, a possible first step if the running back tries to return to the league.
Laywers for Ravens tailback Jamal Lewis are preparing to challenge any league mandated penalty  from his expected plea bargain because the incident occured prior to his NFL career.
Curt Schilling limits the Angels and the offense blasts the Angels for a 8-3 victory Tuesday in Game 1.
PalmOne Inc. has licensed technology from Microsoft Corp. to make its devices work directly with Microsoft's Exchange e-mail server, the companies said Tuesday.
Auto parts maker Delphi Corp. on Tuesday warned of a greater-than-expected third-quarter loss because of higher commodity prices and charges from cost-cutting measures and restructuring.
Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection. EarthLink Free Online Calling is anything but revolutionary.
With the countdown for compliance with radio-frequency identification mandates from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and others #39; closing in, concern is growing that supplies of the necessary 
Infineon Technologies AG today will launch a radio-frequency identification package designed to help companies more easily connect and manage RFID hardware and software from multiple suppliers 
The St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox put on power-hitting displays to win the openers of their first-round Major League Baseball playoff series.
Home buyers in England face the biggest affordability gaps in South West and London, the Joseph Rowntree Foundation says.
AP - Companies and others that secretly install "spyware" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.
AP - Mount St. Helens exhaled a spectacular roiling cloud of steam and ash Tuesday, sprinkling grit on a small town some 25 miles away.
Curt Schilling pitched 6 2-3 effective innings, Manny Ramirez and Kevin Millar homered during a seven-run burst, and the Red Sox beat the Angels.
As networks increase in size and complexity, security products are growing in sophistication and security threats are becoming more ingenious.
Philip Morris USA will invest \$200 million in the next three years to upgrade its cigarette plant in Cabarrus County, Gov. Mike Easley announced Tuesday.
The privately owned and operated SpaceShipOne spacecraft has won the \$10 million Ansari X Prize by successfully making its second manned flight into space.
Crude oil prices jumped above \$51 a barrel yesterday, setting a fresh record amid a prolonged production shut-down in the Gulf of Mexico in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Gordon Cooper, the former astronaut who died on Monday aged 77, played an important part in the American space programme which culminated in the first manned flight to the moon in 1969.
The public preview of MSN #39;s upcoming search engine is back, this time with a Web index about five times fatter and reworked relevancy algorithms.
The Boston Red Sox erupted for seven runs in the fourth Tuesday and posted a 9-3 win over the Anaheim Angels in Game 1 of their AL Division Series.
Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Minnesota Timberwolves guard Sam Cassell did not show up Tuesday for the first day of training camp.
AP - Testing with dye is planned next spring to find out why water in a creek near the East Entrance has turned greenish.
NEW YORK - Communications chipmaker Broadcom today will announce a chip that combines four cores--the central brain of a chip--onto a single piece of silicon.
Arsenal have confirmed they have struck a lucrative deal with Emirates Airlines for the naming rights of their new Ashburton stadium.
Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops said Tuesday that running back Kejuan Jones would be able to play in the No. 2 Sooners #39; game Saturday against No.
The United States Tuesday vetoed a UN Security Council resolution demanding Israel cease all military operations in Northern Gaza and withdraw its forces.
New version of the Efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1-GHz speed.
Partisan panel debates presidential candidates' stand on technology issues.
Tokyo stocks opened lower Wednesday as investors took profits following four straight sessions of gains. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Internet-service provider Earthlink Inc. on Tuesday launched a service that enables high-speed subscribers to make unlimited voice calls through their computers at no additional charge.
Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Washington Wizards forward Kwame Brown will not be ready for the season opener, but could play by the end of November.
Advanced Micro Devices yesterday warned that revenues in the third quarter would be lower than earlier forecasts, echoing a similar statement from Intel last month - its biggest rival in the chip sector.
Sun Microsystems Inc has found itself in the unusual position of losing a Java law suit, brought by photography giant Eastman Kodak.
Chechnya #39;s new Kremlin-backed president was sworn in Tuesday, taking the helm of this wartorn Russian region under heavy guard nearly five months after his predecessor 
Both President Bush and Sen. John Kerry profess to be  quot;free traders, quot; opposed to tariffs and other impediments to commerce.
Says improved search capabilities will return results an average of 10 times faster than before.
Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
all Street extended its fourth-quarter rally into a second day yesterday, supported by falling oil prices and a bullish assessment of the economy from a Federal Reserve official.
Description: NPR #39;s Linda Gradstein reports from the Israeli town of Sderot, a frequent target of Palestinian rocket fire from the nearby Gaza Strip.
PC World - Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
AFP - Asian and European leaders began arriving in Hanoi ahead of a summit aimed at boosting political, economic and cultural ties despite profound inter-regional differences over Myanmar.
Traffickers prefer Guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is largely unable to stop the flights carrying U.S. bound drugs.
Protesters demonstrated outside the Milan courthouse where a judge ruled that two former Grant Thornton auditors should stand trial in January for their part in the collapse of Italian food group Parmalat.
After adding a host of special-interest tax cuts aimed at garnering support from individual senators for the overall bill, the congressional Republican leadership is poised to gain 
Kodak said the reductions are because of the increasing popularity of digital photography. The cutbacks are part of the three-year program Kodak announced in January to reduce its 
AMD used the Fall Processor Forum to provide more details about its dual-core Opteron architecture which is scheduled to be released by mid of 2005.
Zurich, Switzerland - England and Manchester United teenage sensation Wayne Rooney has made it on to the shortlist for Fifa #39;s 2004 Player of the Year award.
The Boston Red Sox beat Anaheim, 9-3, and have the look of a team intent on making things easier for themselves this year.
The Kansas City Chiefs were a confident bunch even sporting an 0-3 mark coming into Baltimore. But by outmuscling the Ravens, the Chiefs have new life.
The Wizards opened training camp confident they have a better feel for the complicated Princeton offense installed by Eddie Jordan.
 London's Savoy Court Apartments are counted among Britain's most exclusive private residences. And No. 6 was among the most lavishly appointed.
Former Enron Corp. assistant treasurer Timothy Despain pleaded guilty yesterday to conspiracy to commit securities fraud and agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating the company.
Crude oil futures jumped above 51 dollars a barrel Tuesday amid concern that hurricane damage to production in the Gulf of Mexico would keep supplies from rising enough to meet winter needs.
House Republican negotiators beat back Senate efforts to more aggressively regulate tobacco and to more strictly limit tax shelters yesterday as a congressional conference committee moved 
Tokyo stocks inched up Wednesday morning as investors tried to shake off pessimism about the nation #39;s economy and stick to an upbeat economic report last week.
The United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, has said he will not resign over the controversial Iraqi Oil-for-Food programme.
AP - The United States has agreed to delay the planned withdrawal of 12,500 troops from South Korea by three years to 2008, a news agency reported Wednesday.
AFP - Lawyers for Australian terror suspect Mamdouh Habib were confident he would soon be released from the US naval base at Guantanamo Bay.
French police said yesterday that they had ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly 
CLEVELAND - Sen. John Edwards accused the Bush administration Tuesday night of bungling the war in Iraq and presiding over a historic loss of jobs...
French officials were prepared to provide as many as 15,000 troops for an invasion before relations soured with the Bush administration, according to a new book published in France this week.
(Sports Network) - Boston #39;s Curt Schilling wasn #39;t his usual dominant self on Tuesday in Game 1 of the American League Division Series versus Anaheim.
Former NFL running back Ricky Williams has asked the league to hold a hearing to clarify his playing status. Williams, who is reported to be considering a comeback, wants to know 
NEW England rugby captain Jonny Wilkinson has revealed how he deals with the potentially crippling nerves that have afflicted him since childhood.
SOCCEROOS superstar Harry Kewell is optimistic he can overcome a painful groin injury and play in Saturdays Confederations Cup qualifier against the Solomon Islands.
Wal-Mart has shrugged off growing opposition to its dominance of the US retail market by announcing plans for another 500 stores in 2005.
Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the N.F.L. how soon he can return, his agent said.
More than 100 protesters denounced a proposal to build a baseball stadium, vowing that Mayor Anthony Williams will face stiff opposition.
Baseball and Peter Angelos have not agreed on compensation to offset the impact of a Washington team on the Baltimore franchise.
The board of Lazard met in Paris but did not vote on a plan by its chief executive, Bruce Wasserstein, to take the firm public.
George Soros, the billionaire financier, is handing more control of his money management firm to two of his sons as he continues to scale back the focus of his investment firm.
By The Associated Press. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the National Football League how soon he can return, his agent said yesterday.
As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eats into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
Both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post-debate spin wars.
Three Americans who helped describe the force that binds together the atomic nucleus were named winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics.
Shares in Google, the Internet search engine, continue to rise and broke the \$135 ceiling.
The Federal Communications Commission came under sharp criticism in Congress over the suspension of a program that pays for Internet service at public schools and libraries.
Pittsburgh head coach Walt Harris shared a story Sunday night after accepting a BCS Bowl Invitation on national television to play in the Fiesta Bowl on New Years Day against undefeated Utah.
Like the cherry blossoms in the spring and loyalty to the Redskins, the power and influence of Fannie Mae are among those aspects of Washington that never seem to change - until now.
Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
Dennis Lillee is in little doubt. The India-Australia four-match Test series which begins at Bangalore tomorrow  quot;amounts to a world championship contest quot;.
Former England midfielder Paul Gascoigne announced Wednesday his resignation from Boston United as player-coach of the fourth division side.
The Brazilian government on Tuesday condemned Israeli incursions into the Gaza Strip that killed at least 70 Palestinians and injured 250.
Industry giants are giving Howard University \$70.6 million in technology to help the school #39;s engineering and science programs.
In their first response to regulators #39; allegations that the company manipulated its books, executives of mortgage funding giant Fannie Mae plan to defend its accounting and say the actions 
That #39;s a phrase the Yankees may need to keep telling themselves as this Division Series with the tiny-market Twins progresses.
BOURNEMOUTH, England Conservative Party leader Michael Howard is trying to turn next year #39;s expected national elections in Britain into a battle of trust and credibility.
Afghanistan's presidential campaign draws to a close - a day after President Karzai holds his first rally.
Vice President Dick Cheney defended the administration's record in Iraq, and Senator John Edwards offered pointed criticism in a highly contentious and personal matchup.
IBM is expected to disclose on Wednesday features of the forthcoming version of its WebSphere application server, which will center on improving performance and administration.
Iran said yesterday that its missiles now have a range of more than 1,200 miles, a substantial extension of their previously declared range.
Pioneering astronaut Gordon Cooper has died in California, at age 77. He was one of the seven Mercury astronauts who led the way in the exploration of space.
Internet giant Yahoo is introducing new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
To nurture a community vibe at its retail stores, Apple Computer encourages customers to hang out and play around with the equipment.
Johan Santana and Jacque Jones were a dynamic duo Tuesday night as they led the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 win over the New York Yankees.
A PeopleSoft director testified on Tuesday that he would be open to considering Oracle's \$7.7 billion offer. But, PeopleSoft executives said the company remains opposed.
The pilots will vote on US Airway's demand for \$300 million in wage and benefit concessions, their union said Tuesday night.
Chad Pennington, who missed the previous three games due to a rotator cuff injury on his right (throwing) shoulder, returned with a fury on Sunday.
Breaking his public silence since a federal regulator issued a scathing report last month, Franklin D. Raines, the chairman and chief executive of Fannie Mae, is expected 
WASHINGTON - American firms announced the steepest job cuts in eight months in September and also slashed hiring plans, a survey showed.
More than 3,000 US and Iraqi forces launched a major operation Tuesday against insurgent strongholds just south of Baghdad, their second 
One of the latest additions to St. Louis power-filled lineup helped turn home plate into a launching pad Tuesday at Busch Stadium.
The panel that made the recommendation that the greater sage grouse was in no immediate danger of extinction was provided with two competing reviews of the available science.
AP - Vice President Dick Cheney said Tuesday that the debate against Democratic Sen. John Edwards marked the first time the two had met. In fact, the two had met twice previously.
A Tory government would take tough action on crime and introduce random drug-testing in schools, shadow home secretary David Davis will say.
Big Blue beefs up its WebSphere 6 application server, promising better performance, reliability and simplified administration.
Managers of mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress on Wednesday against government findings that they broke accounting rules to deliver 
IBM announces one of its most secure notebooks to date, with the introduction of the T Series ThinkPad T42 with an integrated fingerprint reader (a \$50 option).
AP - 1926  #151; Babe Ruth hit three homers to lead the Yankees to a 10-5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in the fourth game of the World Series.
Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the N.F.L. how soon he can return, his agent said.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised Nascar broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
Unions and executives at Italy's Alitalia reach a deal with the government on layoffs, opening the way for a wholesale restructuring.
As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eat into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
Summer games are over for the Heat. Coach Stan Van Gundy has the players now, and there will be no more freelancing offense and optional defense.
European papers on Wednesday have their eyes firmly focused eastwards, ahead of a key judgment by the European Commission on whether Turkey has met European Union criteria for accession talks.
In the storied, almost century-long rivalry between Oklahoma and Texas, even legendary OU Coach Bud Wilkinson lost a few games in a row to the Longhorns.
Plenty of eyebrows were raised yesterday when it was learned Yankees MVP-candidate Gary Sheffield had essentially tossed himself, as well as home run king Barry Bonds, under the 
At least three Palestinians were killed and others were wounded early Wednesday as Israeli tanks shelled houses in the northern Gaza Strip.
House lawmakers yesterday killed a Senate proposal to give the Food and Drug Administration authority over the manufacture and marketing of tobacco.
St. Louis Cardinals Larry Walker follows through on his third inning home run against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 1 of the National League Division Series on Tuesday at Busch Stadium in St.
Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops is keeping freshman running back Adrian Peterson off limits to the media this week, as the Sooners prepare for the Red River Shootout.
AFP - Main points from the vice presidential debate between Republican Dick Cheney and Democrat John Edwards:
Loyalists of both parties might think the No. 2 candidates were more slashing debaters than John Kerry and President Bush.
An American and a British law firm, both of which have expanded rapidly, announced a merger yesterday to form one of the largest corporate law firms.
Tariq Ramadan, a Swiss theologian of Egyptian descent, has been chased by allegations that his public face of moderation conceals an extremist core.
TOKYO - Tokyo stocks rose Wednesday morning as gains in such shares as technology and marine transport helped erase earlier losses prompted by an overnight fall in US blue-chip shares.
Standing in his rhinestone-studded Elvis suit with a Massachusetts license plate dangling from his neck and a Boston Red Sox hat on 
Stephen Jackson already has made clear his willingness to do whatever it takes to be a part of a winning team again -- including coming off the bench behind Indiana Pacers veteran Reggie Miller.
Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri is unlikely to contest her defeat in last month #39;s presidential election race at the constitutional court.
Two Gilbert brothers were arrested Monday as part of a worldwide crackdown on telemarketing schemes that have victimized more than 5 million people for an estimated \$1 billion in losses.
Tokyo stocks ended higher for the fifth straight session Wednesday on optimism for solid corporate earnings and hopes for economic recovery.
The earthquakes that have shaken the area for two weeks stopped almost entirely after Mount St. Helens let out a burst of steam and ash for the fifth straight day.
AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in chemistry, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
AP - After a shaky debate performance and new controversy over the war in Iraq, President Bush is stepping up his criticism of Sen. John Kerry on national security and the economy.
AP - Andy Roddick searched out Carlos Moya in the throng of jumping, screaming Spanish tennis players, hoping to shake hands.
AP - The number of refugees admitted to the United States nearly doubled over the past year, primarily due to more efficient screening procedures, the State Department said Monday.
Robert Reich, former secretary of labor in the Clinton administration, is the author of  quot;Reason: Why Liberals Will Win the Battle for America.
Former Enron Corp. Assistant Treasurer Timothy Despain was charged in Houston federal court Tuesday with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and has agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors investigating the company.
The state yesterday rehired the poster child for the mutual fund scandal and fired the industry #39;s current golden child. The Massachusetts state pension fund 
According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
You can archive old home movies onto DVD without ever touching a PC. We explore your options and offer some tips on doing it right.
BARBADOS, West Indies -- Tiger Woods married his Swedish girlfriend Elin Nordegren at a ceremony on the Caribbean island of Barbados, local media reported.
Even with its MVP forward and All-Star point guard, the Storm was a flawed team. It was predictable, relying too heavily on the tandem of Lauren Jackson and Sue Bird.
BAGHDAD - At least eleven people, including two suicide bombers, were killed and dozens injured in Iraq yesterday as insurgents continued to target United States and Iraqi security forces using car bombs.
Tory leader Michael Howard has kick-started his party #39;s gloomy General Election prospects with a key speech on crime and pensions.
AFP - China will phase out measures aimed at reining in the overheating economy amid fears that the tough controls may lead to a hard landing, a press report said.
Crude oil prices stay close to record levels at more than \$51 a barrel, amid production problems in the Gulf of Mexico.
Employers take heed: Baby boomers might have been content to put work above all else, but that's not necessarily true of Generations X and Y.
Oil prices hit a new record near \$51 a barrel yesterday as a prolonged US production outage following Hurricane Ivan attracted fresh speculative buying.
IBM late on Tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
One of these days, a government expert will be punished for lying on a witness stand. Raising his right hand. Swearing to tell the truth.
A roadside bomb killed 10 Indian soldiers and their civilian driver Sunday in Indian-controlled Kashmir in separatist guerrillas #39; most devastating attack since 
Reuters - IBM late on Tuesday announced the\biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in\two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and\fixing problems.
TechWeb - Microsoft ships Virtual PC for Mac, version 7.
Fashion retailers Austin Reed and Ted Baker have reported contrasting fortunes on the High Street. Austin Reed reported interim losses of 2.
Alaska Airlines flew 1.25 billion revenue passenger miles during the month, up from 1.09 billion miles flown a year earlier. Monthly load factor rose to 68.
Singapore shares ended higher Wednesday led by selected blue chips, with investors expecting the market rally to continue, traders said.
At the ripe old age of 45, Barbie has been knocked off her perch in Britain by streetwise upstart Bratz in the Christmas battle of the dolls.
ALITALIA bosses and unions along with the government today announced their agreement on a deal to salvage the troubled Italian flag-carrier.
Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines will tell a US House panel the largest government- sponsored mortgage finance company strongly #39; #39; disagrees with a report by its regulator 
Google Inc. on Wednesday quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
EarthLink Inc, one of the US #39;s largest consumer ISPs, said yesterday it has started offering free voice over IP calls to subscribers of its high speed service.
TO ANYONE working in the technology press, the reluctance of Apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
India #39;s Anil Kumble became the third spin bowler in test history to take 400 wickets on the opening day of the first test against Australia on Wednesday.
Former world number one Tiger Woods has married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at the luxury Sandy Lane resort in Barbados. Eight-times major winner Woods, widely regarded as the best player 
MALCOLM Glazer is to launch a charm offensive to persuade fellow major Manchester United shareholders to back his proposed takeover bid.
6 October 2004 -- US and Iraqi forces today conducted sweeping operations south of Baghdad and continued pounding suspected militant positions in the town of Al-Fallujah.
French prime minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin has denied allegations his government secretly endorsed a failed attempt by maverick congressional deputy Didier Julia to free two journalists held in Iraq.
Managers of mortgage finance company Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress Wednesday amid government findings that they broke accounting rules to deliver steady earnings growth quarter after quarter.
StarHub Ltd., Singapore #39;s sole cable TV operator, has priced its initial public offering at the bottom of its forecast range, raising S\$457.
Internet portal Yahoo has launched a personalization feature in its search engine in an effort to counter Google #39;s ever-rising popularity.
Chip giant Intel announced that it has joined forces with the world #39;s largest handset maker, Nokia, to develop the next generation mobile phone.
The co-founder of Blogger, one of the original Weblogging services and now owned by Google Inc., is leaving the company by the end of the week.
BAR has a long way to go before it can dream of regularly beating world champion team Ferrari, 2005 driver Takuma Sato said on Wednesday.
The US military in Iraq says warplanes struck a building in Fallujah Wednesday that is alleged to be a safe house for wanted terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
A convoy carrying Afghan President Hamid Karzais vice presidential running-mate came under attack today in north-eastern Afghanistan, the presidential palace said.
FIFA has given out the nominees list for the 2004 World Player award to be presented on December 20th at the Zurich Opera House. 35 contenders are listed.
The British government is ready to listen Ken Bigleys kidnappers but will not enter into negotiations with them for the hostages release, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said in Baghdad today.
A LOSS of 2.7 million at the half-year stage was today described by management at clothing group Austin Reed as  quot;unacceptable quot;.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The blueprint was followed down to almost every nuance, every wrinkle, every desired contour.
The Great Santana, he was not. But even the Pretty Good Santana was enough to silence the Yankees last night.
Sixth formers ask Jeeves for information on the heart and get links to hardcore porn.
EA, the world's biggest computer games firm, is setting up a studio in China to push online games.
Scottie Pippen played the sidekick to basketball's greatest star, creating a partnership the Chicago Bulls parlayed into an NBA dynasty with six titles in the 1990s.
Mobile phone retailer Carphone Warehouse says recent trading has been better than expected thanks to "robust" demand.
In the 18 years of Melrose girls' soccer, the Red Raiders had never beaten Winchester.
Fin RDD driver Kovalainen scored a new podium and a new victory last weekend in Barcelona. He now increases his lead in the World Series championship. Looking good!
For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
Professor Maurice Wilkins, who helped unlock the structure of DNA with Crick, Watson and Franklin, has died aged 88.
A coalition of environmental and conservation groups calls for a ban on the damaging fishing practice known as bottom-trawling.
BBC Northern Ireland rural affairs correspondent Martin Cassidy looks at the renewed strength of mussel fishing in Belfast Lough.
A fact-finding mission from the UN begins investigating the large number of political disappearances in Nepal.
Indian spinner Anil Kumble takes his 400th Test wicket but Australia reach 316-5 at the close in Bangalore.
Twenty-eight candidates seek support from MPs to be Somalia's new leader ahead of elections on 10 October.
The Pentagon tries to deflect charges that there were not enough troops on the ground at the time of the Iraq invasion.
The trial starts of 10 suspects in a failed attempt to blow up a Christmas market in Strasbourg in 2000.
A team of Pakistani journalists on a landmark visit to Indian-administered Kashmir arrive in Srinagar.
TUCSON -- A 45-year-old woman collapsed and died days after learning her son had been killed in Iraq, and just hours after seeing his body.
Low-cost airline Virgin Express agrees a tie-up with SN Brussels, the successor to collapsed Belgian carrier Sabena.
AdvancedForce CEO Vladimir Chernavsky says the latest row about USB ports is part of a bigger debate about how best to manage access to external memory.
Iraq and terrorism dominated a hard-hitting and sometimes personal exchange between the vice presidential nominees on Tuesday.
An ink expert who testified for the government at the Martha Stewart trial was found not guilty yesterday of lying on the witness stand.
Jon Oltsik says the explosion in broadband use forces a rethinking of Internet security. But a lethargic vendor response is not a promising harbinger.
The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised NASCAR broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.
Three Kurdish militiamen, their civilian driver killed near Baquba, another civilian killed in Basra bomb blast. By Deborah Haynes - BAGHDAD.
Spanish police have arrested five suspected ETA members just days after 21 people were seized including the Basque separatist group #39;s suspected leader, officials say.
MIAMI -- Just when the Miami Dolphins season couldn #39;t get any weirder, it did -- Ricky Williams is ready to come back to the Fins.
57 crew members and Canadas newest Submarine is floating in the rough seas of the Atlantic Ocean, after the HMCS Chicoutimi lost power in an electrical fire.
Thirty years of research into the forces that hold everything together pay off grandly for the three Americans, and science moves a step closer to a grand unified theory of the universe.
SiliconValley.com - Napster founder Shawn Fanning's little dorm-room project at Northeastern University in Boston is the stuff of technological legend.
WASHINGTON, DC - Investors in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are feeling some pain in the wake of Fannie #39;s recent accounting problems.
Asian stocks finished mixed Wednesday, with Tokyo shares advancing on a positive economic outlook but markets in Hong Kong and elsewhere falling on worries about record-high oil prices.
AFP - British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon held talks here with Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf and praised his army's operations against Al-Qaeda fighters along the Afghan frontier.
\The US agrees to stagger a troop withdrawal from South Korea, due to fears about the North.
Israeli soldiers have killed three Palestinian militants who infiltrated a Jewish settlement in the southern Gaza Strip.
Two key Indian Maoist groups meet in Calcutta to discuss working closer together, delegates say.
UAL Corp. said it will reduce the overall size of United Airlines #39; fleet and shift more aircraft to serve international routes, which are more profitable.
LONDON : Britain #39;s manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
Network services giant AT amp;T is evaluating different operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to Windows for internal use.
And he was apparently on some familiar turf when he tied the knot yesterday with Swedish model Elin Nordegren. Witnesses say the two were wed at a golf course in Barbados.
Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.
Safe boxes from a bank branch were taken away and crushed as scrap metal, leaving customers shocked and angry at the loss of their most valued possessions, executives acknowledged Wednesday.
AFP - Britain's manufacturing industries experienced an unexpected drop in output in August, the first time since January 2002 that output has fallen for three months in a row.
United Airlines plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule, while at the same reducing the size of its fleet.
Fannie Mae executives defended themselves on Wednesday against government allegations they manipulated accounting to hide earnings swings, saying they and their auditors believed they were properly applying complex standards that 
Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university said on Wednesday.
AP - Latvia's National Geology Service said Thursday it hopes to get funding from the Environment Ministry to build five seismic monitoring stations throughout the country.
'Email me immediately and we #8217;ll send in the cavalry'
Gordon Corera looks at how Osama Bin Laden's terror network has made the most of modern communications.
Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems announced a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches for the Japanese markets. Specifically, the companies agreed to jointly develop high-end routers and will collaborate 
OutKast receive five MTV Europe Award nominations,  while Usher gets four ahead of next month's show.
A report due out today from the chief U.S. weapons inspector for Iraq is expected to undercut a key part of the rationale for war.
ELK GROVE VILLAGE, Ill. United Airlines #39; parent company plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule.
Howard Stern, one of the most popular US radio personalities, on Wednesday said he will broadcast his show on Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.
IBM has released the latest version of the core middleware product of WebSphere, its application server platform, promising new autonomic, or self-healing, features.
VIA Technologies has announced details of its 64-bit architecture based Isaiah processor core with the engineering code name  #39;CN #39;.
Vijay Singh has a theory about what #39;s wrong with Tiger Woods #39; game: he hasn #39;t adapted his swing to the changes in his body.
AP - The Chicago Cubs paid a  #36;6,725 penalty for renovating landmark Wrigley Field without the required city permits for such work.
The next-generation OS will allow consumers to watch one channel while recording another, CNET News.com has learned.
Deal with Microsoft will allow users to access e-mail without third-party software.
Shock jock Howard Stern will head to satellite radio, where listeners will have to pay to hear him.
Google's nearly year-old Google Print program is set for a huge expansion of content through the launch of a new program today allowing publishers to more easily submit material for inclusion.
Singapore Airlines has finally ended its great Kiwi Adventure, at a loss of more than \$500 million, but probably a lot more if you take into account opportunity cost, holding costs and 
Medical products distributor Henry Schein Inc. lowered its financial targets for the rest of the year, citing the impact of British regulators shutting down its major supplier of flu vaccine on Tuesday.
Carphone Warehouse today announced a 25 increase in the number of connections during its second quarter, with interim pre-tax profits expected to be at least 27m.
Manufacturing output has unexpectedly fallen for the third month in a row in August and at the sharpest pace in nearly two years, official data show.
Rate-setters at the Bank of England were given plenty to ponder today after figures on house prices and manufacturing output confounded expectations.
Hynix Semiconductor Inc. said Wednesday it has completed the sale of its non-memory chip operation to Citigroup for 954.3 billion won (\$827.
TOKYO : World champion Michael Schumacher vowed to end his three-race Formula One losing streak at the Japanese Grand Prix this weekend -- come rain or shine.
Anil Kumble, the India spinner, has become only the ninth player to claim 400 Test wickets as Australia ended the first day of the opening Test in Bangalore on 316 for five.
Jerusalem - The United States-backed roadmap is the only viable blueprint for peace with the Palestinians, the Israeli prime minister #39;s office said on Wednesday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened flat on Wednesday,  with high oil prices and a spate of profit warnings weighing on  the market.
The US government asks the World Trade Organisation to step in to stop EU member states from "subsidising" planemaker Airbus.
The Bank of England is set to keep interest rates on hold following the latest meeting of the its Monetary Policy Committee.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s brazen attempt to relocate to dodgy Delaware is in big trouble and the world #39;s most powerful man has blinked.
Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, a British scientist who played a key role in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died on Tuesday, his university said on Wednesday.
Ryan Giggs will try to tie Manchester United team mate Gary Neville in knots and score a goal to send the Old Trafford crowd home in tears when Wales side play England on Saturday.
Arsenal Football Club has signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in football history with Emirates Airline in an agreement worth 100 million.
Afghanistan #39;s president, Hamid Karzai, says presidential elections on Saturday will decide the fate of the war-shattered country for centuries.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.
IBM today announced that Websphere 6, the long awaited-update to its application server software, will be available by the end of the year.
'NO copy protection - respect the music' stamped on !K7 discs
Online auctioneer eBay Inc. asked for a new trial Tuesday on claims the company stole ideas for an electronic marketplace from a Virginia inventor.
Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
OCTOBER 06, 2004 -- United Airlines today said it is reallocating resources around its global network to emphasize international routes, while substantially slimming down domestic mainline operations.
Media conglomerate Viacom Inc. on Wednesday said an offer to trade its shares for those of Blockbuster Inc. was a success, moving it closer to splitting off the video-rental chain.
Insurer St. Paul Travelers said the three major hurricanes that hit the US east coast in recent months will cut 45 cents from its third-quarter earnings per share.
As Kathy Sullivan nears her 20th anniversary as the first American woman to walk in space, her adventurous spirit is still alive. The former astronaut says she supports a manned 
IBM #39;s affections for service-oriented architectures deepened today when Big Blue offered details on the impending version 6 release of WebSphere Application Server.
Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova were taken to three sets in their second round matches before safely advancing at the \$860,000 Japan Open on Wednesday.
ANAHEIM, California The Boston Red Sox opened the playoffs with a new nickname, a new Game 1 starter and a welcome new association with the number seven.
ST. LOUIS, Missouri Larry Walker savored the moment - make that moments - from the top step of the St. Louis Cardinals #39; dugout.
The smaller firm's technology will help strengthen Computer Associates' ability to provide authentication tools, the company says.
Yes, say technologists there; they'll do it with a little help from Sony and a group of people called the Bro Dra.
Media group News Corp. Ltd. has offered an olive branch to investors opposed to it moving its main share listing to the United States, telling them it is considering moves to enhance shareholder rights.
Nokia has created communication system that integrates mobile phone functions with the on-board system in Land Rover vehicles. The product dubbed, Personal Telephone Integration, was developed specifically 
A European indie music label is taking an unusual approach to the issue of CD copy protection - it is branding all its releases with a sticker proclaiming the absence of any such control measure.
IRVINE, Calif. -- Broadcom Corporation (NASDAQ:BRCM) today announced that it has settled all outstanding litigation with Agere Systems Inc.
England will be determined to restore their battered reputation when their 2006 World Cup qualifying campaign resumes with a mouth-watering clash against Wales at Old Trafford this weekend.
PC World - Deal with Microsoft will allow users to access e-mail without third-party software.
AP - Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a  #36;430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
AP - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, one of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88.
Adiences of an exhibition are being invited to see what they would look like if they had cosmetic surgery.
French carmaker Renault sets up a joint venture with Iran to build 300,000 of its new 'no-frills' Logan model a year.
United Airlines said today that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, shift more responsibility for domestic routes to its regional carrier, and expand international flying.
Company's communication system integrates cell phone functions into Land Rover's "central infotainment display."
Maurice Wilkins, the third man in the discovery of the structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1962 along 
Irvine-based Broadcom (www.broadcom.com) said yesterday that it has settled all of the company #39;s outstanding litigation with Agere Systems.
Think patience and perseverance. And then turn your attention to Indian cricket. There is one man, Anil Kumble, who instantly comes to mind.
For a conference rooted in offensive muscle, the Big Ten seems a little frail in the running department this season. Ohio State and Michigan, which built their reputations on power football, rank 
On October 5, an unidentified call rang in the Lufthansa airlines office while one of its flights was flying from Frankfurt to Tel Aviv in Israel.
Goldcorp Inc. yesterday became the third North American mining company this year to launch a bid to buy Wheaton River Minerals Ltd.
In love with column view? Find out how to make it a permanent thing at the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 29
All options, including cutting quotas, are up for discussion when OPEC ministers meet in Cairo this week to plan their response to a sharp fall in prices 
Arsenal shareholders will head into Thursday #39;s annual general meeting at Highbury secure in the knowledge the future of their club is in safe hands.
A former military prosecutor in the Democratic of Congo is sentenced to death by a military court for murder.
The EU executive sets tough terms for Eastern European countries hoping to join in the coming years.
AP - Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal may play in the playoffs despite a probation violation on a drunken-driving charge.
Vijay Singh thinks the main reason he has replaced Tiger Woods as world number one is the American #39;s failure to adapt to changes in his body.
Reuters - New York Giants\safety Shaun Williams was placed on injured reserve Wednesday\due to a left knee injury.
Win or lose on October 9, Labor Party leader Mark Latham has already etched himself into the annals of Australian political history.
 EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - New York Giants  safety Shaun Williams was placed on injured reserve Wednesday  due to a left knee injury.
Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$3 million, according to witnesses.
Intel, Nokia, and Symbian's alliance should shake competitors' confidence.
United Airlines #39; parent company, UAL Corp., said Wednesday it #39;s airline will reduce US flights and focus more attention on more profitable international flights.
THE News Corporation Ltd could probably satisfy most of the corporate governance criticisms relating to its proposed move to the US by simply formally adopting its previously stated intentions.
T-Mobile USA today released a new secure encrypted Connection Manager that will enable users to login to any of the 4700 nationwide HotSpot wireless networks.
A new generation of cheaper and more efficient hydrogen fuel cells may bring the environmentalists dream of affordable, green cars one step closer to reality.
Of all the changes in sports, the one that fundamentalists have the hardest time accepting is the addition of the wild card in baseball.
Stocks sagged Wednesday as oil jumped to a fresh record high on a mixed report about US crude inventories, and investors considered the long-term implications of the flu vaccine shortage.
PC World - Devices to power to PDAs, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
The European Commission said Wednesday it will seek consultations with the United States at the World Trade Organisation in response to US action over state aid for the European aircraft maker Airbus.
In a setback for public health groups, Congress moved closer to passing tobacco buyout legislation yesterday but removed a provision for federal regulation of tobacco products.
AP - Weeks or months of occasional steam blasts and possibly some eruptions of fresh volcanic rock and ash are the most likely scenario at Mount St. Helens, scientists say.
Yahoo launched a beta version of My Yahoo Search, giving users more-advanced Web-search capabilities. Competition has been heating up in the search-engine space, with Amazon.
The former Manchester United star has been handed a three-match ban and a 10,000 fine for his bust-up with West Bromwich Albion defender Neil Clement last month.
Israel #39;s Labour Party lashed out Wednesday at a Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s aide who said the Gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.
The chairman of Spain's largest banking group, Santander Central Hispano, is to stand trial on charges of tax fraud.
AP - Democrats may argue that House Republican Leader Tom DeLay's vision is obscured but the combative Texan says he is seeing things more clearly these days.
Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi has appealed for the British hostage in Iraq Ken Bigley to be freed, reports say.
The future of the wild tiger is gravely threatened by the trade of skins to China, a lobby group warns.
Vijay Singh says Tiger Woods lost his number one status after failing to change his swing.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair warned Sudan on Wednesday the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was struck across the whole country.
In fact, Larry Ellison compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
THE US banking system is in very good shape after weathering a recession and several big bankruptcies, according to Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
IBM #39;s new WebSphere release, Version 6, automatically troubleshoots systems and identifies network glitches that could lead to power outages.
Reuters - Despite a probation\violation on a drunken- driving charge, Atlanta Braves\shortstop Rafael Furcal may participate in the playoffs.
Chips that help a computer's main microprocessors perform specific types of math problems are becoming a big business once again.\
A new Trojan horse program that attacks and removes troublesome advertising software, known as "adware," is circulating on the Internet, according to antivirus company Symantec Corp.
Devices to power to PDAs, cell phones, and laptops could be available next year.
Sirius signs Howard Stern to a multiyear deal, and "investors" lose their minds.
Sirius Satellite Radio announced a five-year deal with Howard Stern this morning that will bring the King of All Media to satellite radio in 2006.
UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, announced Wednesday plans to cut domestic flights by 12 percent, while increasing more profitable international schedules by 14 percent.
Manchester United fans attempts to stave off a threatened takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer have received a substantial boost.
Southampton, England (Sports Network) - Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes was sentenced Wednesday in a case involving drunken driving.
Baghdad, Iraq -- Pro-government forces in Iraq are trying to retake control of insurgent-dominated regions ahead of January national elections.
Iran has increased the range of its missiles to 2000km, a senior official was quoted as saying, putting parts of Europe within reach for the first time.
Anheuser-Busch is experimenting, which is worth a try, although associating the new drink with Bud may be risky.
Superstar educator Apollo is underperforming the S P 500 -- does that make it cheap?
US Senate and House of Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax break.
Defense contractor Raytheon Co. said Wednesday that it purchased privately held Photon Research Associates Inc., a provider of physics-based modeling services for government customers.
NEW YORK -- Crude oil prices have resumed their climb after word that the nation #39;s crude supply grew for the second week in a row.
Google Inc. on Wednesday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
The maker of FluMist said it is looking into whether it can make more of the inhalable flu vaccine to help the federal government deal with a looming flu vaccine shortage.
Nokia and Land Rover have jointly developed a Personal Telephone Integration (PTI) System, an integrated automotive communications solution for Land Rover vehicles such as the new Discovery 3 and Range Rover.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and top-seeded Lleyton Hewitt both struggled to three-set victories at the Japan Open on Wednesday.
This time, however, they hope to take a 2-0 lead back to Minnesota as they continue their best-of-five AL Division series with the New York Yankees.
London - Southampton midfielder Fabrice Fernandes just managed to escape jail time on Wednesday after jumping a number of red lights while being chased by police.
Fulham striker Andy Cole has been handed a further three-match ban for abusive language and violent conduct during last month #39;s stormy Premier League match at West Bromwich Albion.
South Africans Schalk Burger and Marius Joubert are among five players shortlisted for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year.
Ariel Sharon #39;s chief of staff has said the aim of Israel #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan is to rule out a Palestinian state indefinitely.
Reuters - Google Inc. on Wednesday\introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell\books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet\retailer Amazon.com.
SPACE.com - A steering problem disabled the Mars Rover Spirit Oct. 1, NASA officials said yesterday. The robot has not moved since.
A top Israeli official says the significance of withdrawing from Gaza is to stop a political settlement with Palestinians.
\Breast cancer is more likely to kill obese women than those of normal weight, research suggests.
Shock jock Howard Stern is quitting his morning show to join a subscription satellite radio network.
The scientists who discovered how cells mark proteins for destruction receive the 2004 Nobel Prize for chemistry.
Major Nasdaq stock trader says it will miss Wall Street expectations due to low trading volumes. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Knight Trading Group Inc.
Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
Fannie Mae #39;s regulator told Congress on Wednesday his office was considering management changes at the mortgage finance company after finding pervasive accounting irregularities.
Consumer electronics retailer Tweeter Home Entertainment Group Inc. said Wednesday that same-store sales declined 3.5 percent in the fourth quarter after the effects of recent hurricanes.
Viacom Inc. (NYSE: VIA) said Wednesday that, based on preliminary results, its exchange offer for the split-off of Blockbuster Inc.
Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Bengals signed veteran safety Anthony Mitchell on Wednesday to fill their depleted secondary.
Less than a year after walking away with the three top prizes, England have failed to receive a single nomination in any of the major categories for the annual International Rugby Board awards.
US and Iraqi forces sealed off roads to an insurgent stronghold south of Baghdad on Wednesday and militants bombed two bridges in an 
Personal computers have rapidly turned into storage vaults for digital music, photos and videos. Now, computer-industry companies are rolling out new ways to let that content roam through the house.
A new Clean Air Act settlement with CITGO in Texas will significantly reduce harmful emissions from oil refineries, the Justice Department said Wednesday.
Some head lice infesting people today were probably spread to us thousands of years ago by an extinct species of early human, a genetics study reveals.
Fannie Mae's prime regulator said today that the giant mortgage company deliberately flouted accounting rules to project an image of smooth and relatively low-risk-earnings growth.
Chinese palaeontologists have uncovered the most complete fossil yet of an ancestral tyrannosaur, and found that filamentary protofeathers covered its body.
two dedicated for PC applications and two for program recording. In extended-play mode, the Vaio PC can store 19 
Fannie Mae #39;s prime regulator said today that the giant mortgage company deliberately flouted accounting rules to project an image of smooth and relatively low-risk-earnings growth.
Outside the Highway Junction Thrift Store, a thin film of gritty ash coated the bottom of a Mount St. Helens coffee mug. Price for the mug: \$5.
Defensive end Justin Smith apologized to Cincinnati Bengals teammates and fans Wednesday for his drunken driving arrest. With a Bengals cap on his head and coach Marvin Lewis at his side, Smith sat at a table 
Iran has admitted processing several tonnes of raw  quot;yellowcake quot; uranium, a key stage in the development of weapons-grade nuclear material.
AP - All he wanted were the facts. But Dick Cheney ended up generating confusion_ and lots of it.
Reuters - The bald eagle is out of the woods but\other birds of prey are in trouble.
In a BBC interactive forum, Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai pledges a new form of inclusive government if elected.
Larry Ellison even compares himself to the warlord, according to PeopleSoft's former CEO, defending previous remarks he made.
Internal e-mail messages show Oracle aimed its takeover bid in part to sow doubt about PeopleSoft, CNET News.com has learned.
The emulation software works with Apple computers that use the G5 processor.
The high-end computer maker says revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2005 will be lower than previously projected.
The European Union (EU) on Wednesday said that it has decided to take the first legal steps against the US over its subsidies to Boeing.
AP - Chris Simms will make his first pro start at quarterback for the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers this week, replacing Brad Johnson.
The Palestinians have decided not to bring a draft resolution condemning Israel #39;s military operation in the northern Gaza 
AP - Soccer's governing body Wednesday fined Italy, the Netherlands and France for being too lenient with doping offenders.
Now that Joe Gibbs looks like less than an immediate savior, Dan Snyder has to be wondering what went wrong and what to do now.
The United States and the European Union faced off on Wednesday over billions of dollars in subsidies for top aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing, by filing competing cases at the World Trade Organization.
Howard Stern #39;s risqu radio rhetoric will be broadcast to listeners across the country - uncensored -ia satellite radio beginning in January 2006.
The former England midfielder spent two months as a player-coach with the League Two side but left to embark on a Football Association coaching course.
Computer Associates has signed an agreement to purchase Netegrity, a provider of security software, in a deal valued at approximately \$430 million.
AP - Rape victims and convicted felons would both have greater access to DNA testing under legislation the House passed Wednesday.
Roger Barnes, who left Fannie Mae last November, said today that he had taken his concerns directly to Franklin Raines, the company's chief executive.
British authorities shut down the pharmaceutical's only U.S. flu vaccine manufacturing facility.
United Airlines said on Wednesday it would reduce US flights and increase capacity on more lucrative international routes as part of its aggressive cost-cutting campaign to emerge from bankruptcy.
The first major release of IBM WebSphere in two years offers self-healing capabilities to provide failover for business transactions conducted via the Internet.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - A nervous Red Sox Nation, desperate for a World Series title, will be keenly focused on pitcher Pedro Martinez on Wednesday.
Latest incarnation of Sony's robot hound is a four-legged MP3 player. It'll also fetch pictures while you're away.
The US secretary of state tours hurricane-hit Grenada and pledges millions of dollars in aid.
Lawmakers are talking about rewriting the eight-year-old landmark law governing the nation's telephone, cable and media businesses.
Digital media company signs up a new Linux partner to distribute its audio and video player.
US House and Senate negotiators agreed to replace a \$50 billion tax break for US exporters ruled illegal by the World Trade Organization with a \$76.
EADS North America has bought Racal Instruments Inc., a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electronic tests and measurement equipment based in Irvine, for \$105 million.
Now a new study, published tomorrow in the science journal Nature, suggests that another striking mammal, the Irish elk, likewise lived way beyond the last ice age.
NEW YORK - Skype Technologies made a name for itself providing a free Internet telephone program to users around the world. Now it #39;s time to cash in.
Jackie Stewart believes there #39;s still hope that the British Grand Prix can be included on next year #39;s Formula One schedule.
Despite missing all three field goal attempts last week, veteran Steve Christie apparently is going to remain the Giants place-kicker this week against Dallas.
Police said Wednesday a woman who lives at the home found the intruder Sept. 27 and called police. A police dog tried to track the intruder but the person got away.
The government is ready to listen to a message from the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley but will not enter into negotiations with them, the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, said today.
On the verge of historic presidential elections in Afghanistan, everybody is braced for the worst. Yet, on the last day of campaigning Wednesday, the threats from the Taliban 
The Personal Telephone Integration package works with Land Rover vehicles #39; audio system to provide users access to mobile phone functions such as viewing and selecting phone book entries, initiating 
AP - Scientists and European regulators are now questioning the safety of other pain relievers like Vioxx, saying these medications also might raise the risk of heart attack and stroke.
The former chief executive of PeopleSoft admitted today that he responded to a hostile takeover bid from Oracle with a campaign of "vilification."
The steakhouse operator posts a 23 rise in net income, despite high beef costs.
The technology-driven dislocation that has transformed one typesetter's business is spreading throughout the economy.
Computer giant Hewlett-Packard wants to make it easier to sell to small and medium-size companies.
PeopleSoft's former chief says he called Larry Ellison "every name in the book," but Ellison himself invoked the Mongol leader.
What Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has longed to hear from PeopleSoft behind closed doors instead floated to the surface in a Delaware courthouse.
News Corp. said Wednesday it may change its constitution to appease Australian investors still undecided about its proposed move to the United States.
IBM on Wednesday unveiled the next major upgrade of its WebSphere application server, which focuses on better performance and ease of use, instead of dramatically new functionality.
Stranglehold copyright could be going the way of the dinosaur, it seems, with both the big names and independent organisations moving towards a more open copyright structure.
New Zealand names were absent from the list of five nominees for the International Rugby Board #39;s player of the year announced on Wednesday.
CHICAGO The Chicago Cubs have forked over more than 67-hundred dollars in penalties for renovating Wrigley Field without the necessary city permits.
Internet executives and analysts are closely tracking the rise of identity theft over the Internet.
BANGALORE: India #39;s Anil Kumble became the third spin bowler to take 400 wickets on the opening day of the first cricket test against Australia last night.
TEHRAN (Agencies) -- Iran began processing uranium just more than a week ago to prepare it for enrichment, a diplomat said on Wednesday.
&lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld:&lt;/strong&gt; Linux guru predicts 'next big thing'
A survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project provides the first large-scale snapshot of what artists think about the Internet and file-sharing.
The software industry enters 2005 with several antitrust issues behind it, a result of a handful of court decisions and out-of-court settlements this year.
FRANKFURT: Google Inc has quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by online retailer Amazon.
Google Inc. has quietly introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
AP - Pinch-hitter John Vander Wal chose free agency Wednesday instead of a demotion off the Reds' 40-man roster.
In a historic move that could extend Europe #39;s borders to the edge of the volatile Middle East, the European Union recommended Wednesday setting mostly Muslim Turkey 
AP - Rosie Jones has the perfect plan to ease into retirement  #151; a second straight victory in this tournament.
Soccer's governing body Wednesday fined Italy, the Netherlands and France for being too lenient with doping offenders.
LeBron James had a good reason for missing practice Wednesday. He became a father.
A high-profile departure and a higher-profile purchase mean nothing ever gets boring at Google.
&lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld&lt;/strong&gt; Dirac attack
China's government has strategically deployed the Internet to economic advantage, while clamping down on undesirable content and use.
In the next few weeks, consumers will start receiving notices from banks and other financial institutions about changes to their checking accounts.
Microsoft yesterday took the wraps off a new set-top box aimed at tying together the living room, the PC, and the company #39;s MSN network and content.
Left tackle Matt Light signed a six-year contract extension with the Patriots that will keep him in New England through 2010, giving him and the quarterback he protects long-term security.
OCTOBER 06, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Eight former executives of asset management and service management vendor Peregrine Systems Inc.
The new search tool from Google matches queries with the content inside a book. If there is a match, Google will show links to that particular book in the search-results page.
Foxboro, MA (Sports Network) - The New England Patriots Wednesday signed left tackle Matt Light to a six-year contract extension. As per team policy, financial terms were not released.
In case anyone was really worried, Secretary of State Colin Powell offered this reassurance during a trip to Brazil this week: The giant of South America has no intent to build nuclear weapons.
LONDON British Prime Minister Tony Blair says it #39;s just more proof that Saddam Hussein was trying to pull a fast one on the United Nations.
A prominent researcher at Columbia University has pulled his name from a controversial study of prayer's effect on fertility, the university says.
AP - Online search leader Google Inc. is becoming more bookish.
We read where Tiger Woods not only hasn #39;t broken up with Swedish bombshell Elin Nordegren but that he is ready to marry her any day now in Barbados.
Ernie Els isnt sure that being No. 2 in the World Golf rankings is much different just because the player at No. 1 has changed.
But the tougher work of cutting greenhouse gases under the Kyoto Protocol remains.
Gaza withdrawal is part of Israel's effort to thwart Palestinian statehood, a Sharon adviser says.
At Britain's Conservative Party's conference this week, leaders planned how to regain power.
The first study of a large group of workers breathing air with very low levels of benzene suggests that the chemical may harm the bone marrow.
Demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
Software maker has its eye on consumers who might be ready to make the switch from Windows.
Despite internal tumult, the firm is forging ahead with an upgrade its flagship server software.
Changes in the program may be necessary to continue cleanups as more contaminated sites demand attention and federal resources remain flat.
AP - South Florida and Pittsburgh have rescheduled their hurricane-delayed game for Dec. 4.
IBM has announced Version 6 of its WebSphere Application Server software, which is designed to protect applications from server downtime and aid enterprise efforts to build a service-oriented architecture.
The acquisition will allow CA to consolidate its position in the market for user authentication, access control and administration products, CEO Kenneth Cron said this morning.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said the company isn't interested in buying PeopleSoft, Oracle or SAP, but he wouldn't rule out smaller deals.
A Google executive said yesterday that the search tool could at some point be extended to tap enterprise databases, desktop PCs, content management systems and CRM applications.
New products to build Web services with Eclipse, e-commerce apps with Amazon's technology, and more.
Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from September and early October 2004.
The issue of political overseers modifying information from federal scientists that conflicts with policy goals has arisen periodically in recent years.
Company names female pop trio new face of marketing campaign to expand appeal among kids, moms. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald #39;s Corp.
Reuters reported on Wednesday that four former El Paso Corp. natural gas traders will plead guilty to criminal charges for reporting bogus trade prices to an industry publication.
Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal #39;s legal woes will not affect his availability for the postseason. State Court Judge David Darden ruled on Wednesday morning that Furcal will 
Loss of marquee name and ad slowdown show big hurdles face Infinity and other radio broadcasters. By Krysten Crawford, CNN/Money staff writer.
Eight former executives of software company Peregrine Systems Inc. face criminal charges involving what US prosecutors Wednesday called a multi-billion dollar securities fraud.
George Soros, billionaire financier, is handing more control of his money management firm to two of his sons as he scales back the focus of his investment firm.
AP - A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
AP - From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."
A trade fight is heating up between the United States and Europe over commercial aircraft sales. Wednesday, Washington filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization alleging that EU countries unfairly 
NEW YORK A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
The Mount St Helens volcano in the US state of Washington has erupted its largest steam and ash cloud since its resurgence in activity last month.
Paul Gascoigne finds himself out of work today but with an abundance of focus and drive as he prepares for a career in management.
Kevin Brown was picked over Orlando Hernandez to start for the New York Yankees in Friday #39;s Game 3 of their first-round AL playoff series against Minnesota.
Users will see book excerpts alongside ordinary Google Web page search results.
Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.
The Craig behind Craigslist speaks about his Web community's popularity and touches on the site's future.
PARIS The battle between Boeing and Airbus escalated Wednesday when the United States and Europe filed competing unfair trade cases over government aid to the world #39;s two largest aircraft manufacturers.
In NEW YORK, US stocks advanced on Wednesday as record crude oil prices above \$52 a barrel boosted energy stocks like Exxon Mobil Corp.
A corporate tax bill offering huge tax breaks to US manufacturers in return for removing export subsidies is approved by Congress.
Google is launching a new service to make books and other printed materials searchable online, the Internet search engine company said Wednesday.
Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are putting off installing Microsoft #39;s big security patch anyway.
A year after their finest triumph, the world champions #39; new coach has plenty to sort out to restore their dominance. By Chris Hewett.
Arsenal, who are taking on debts of 360 million to build a stadium that will help them match Manchester United, will be still be earning less than United from shirt sponsorship 
Michael Phelps will bid to repeat his feat of six Olympic gold medals when he competes in the Fina swimming short course world championships.
The group hunting for Saddam #39;s arsenal said it found no evidence the dictator had chemical, biological of nuclear weapons when US-led forces invaded Iraq last year.
The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.
Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin have unveiled Google Print, a tech service that will let users view book excerpts in the standard Google Web-page search results.
A close reading of the California filing, which is similar to the British one, reveals an extremely complex case -- one that a London judge has already criticized for a lack of clarity.
InfoWorld - At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
PC World - Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are\  putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.
Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gulon Wednesday defined the recommendation of the European Commission(EC) to open negotiations with Turkey as a historic step 
PORT-AU-PRINCE - UN peacekeepers and Haitian police have arrested dozens of enraged supporters of ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Scientists nab prize for work on sense of smell just days after a spoof "Ig Nobel" recognizes breakthroughs in fish flatulence.
A Macromedia executive says wireless carriers are demanding specific menus, buttons and functions. Could Flash be the answer?
Carrier looks to goose wireless data business by letting subscribers print photos at various retailers, directly from their camera phones.
At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
Description: The United States and the European Union take their fight over corporate subsidies to the World Trade Organization. An initial US complaint targeted EU subsidies to aircraft manufacturer Airbus.
Computer Associates Wednesday announced that it plans to buy identity and access management software maker Netegrity of Waltham, Mass.
AP - The Bush administration said Wednesday that extra money it is paying Medicare managed care plans is leading to lower costs and better services for patients.
AP - Rape victims and convicted felons would have greater access to DNA testing under legislation the House passed Wednesday.
The compromise package, known as a conference report, resolves differences between House and Senate versions of the legislation, must now pass both chambers.
AP - Only a truly dismal defensive effort could distract a coach from an offense that went seven quarters without a score in the last two games.
This conclusion comes from US and Chinese scientists who today announce the discovery of a 130m-year-old forerunner of the lumbering Cretaceous predator.
com October 6, 2004, 3:40 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Halftime lockerrooms are sacrosanct. Only the privileged few are allowed entry. Theyre like the situation room at the White House, only with tighter security.
A CANADIAN seaman aboard the submarine HMCS Chicoutimi has died one day after being injured when the vessel caught fire, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin announced today.
Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$1.5 million.
The tea leaves on Oracle's takeover plans for PeopleSoft have never been harder to read than they are right now.
Kevin Jones decided to stop rushing things a few weeks ago, and it helped him turn in the second-best rushing performance for a Lions rookie running back.
Iraq #39;s insurgency spread to a relatively calm area near the Syrian border yesterday when a suicide car bomber killed at least 16 people at an Iraqi National Guard centre.
A bitter row between America and the European Union over alleged subsidies to rival aircraft makers Boeing and Airbus intensified yesterday.
Fifth seed Elena Dementieva and seventh seed Nadia Petrova were both beaten in the first round at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Wednesday.
The move followed a four-game suspension of Bryant for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy. He was arrested on a drunken-driving charge in Madison, Wis.
DENVER - A federal judge in Colorado has rejected a request from the woman accusing NBA star Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit.
In the high-pressure atmosphere of the Chase for the Championship, any issue that arises will get more than its share of scrutiny from drivers, fans and media.
Well, somebody didn #39;t show up. I couldn #39;t believe it. The Packers weren #39;t ready to play the Eagles. How did that happen?
Amnesty calls on Indonesia's president-elect Yudhoyono to investigate human rights abuses in Aceh province.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard has promised to preserve Tasmania's forests while keeping loggers in work.
NEW YORK - High-tech changes in the banking industry will soon be affecting the most mundane of financial products, the checking account.    On Oct...
Google will make the first major business move since its August flotation today when it launches a new search tool that will help publishers to sell books.
Reuters - The young woman who accused basketball\star Kobe Bryant of rape must disclose her identity in her\civil case against him, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday.
In one year, Jeff Weaver has gone from being unwanted by the Yankees to being desperately needed by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
You can learn a lot about people in two hours. And you don #39;t have to take a course in social behavior or even watch Dr. Phil on TV.
L. Gordon Cooper was the real deal. He and his six colleagues - known as the Mercury Seven - inaugurated an age and captivated a generation of Americans.
Bill Gross, the driving force behind commercial search pioneer Overture Services, is once again swinging for the fences in Web search.
One of three sailors injured in a fire that disabled a Canadian submarine off the coast of Ireland has died, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Wednesday.
Afghanistan holds a presidential election on Saturday, the first time in its history that Afghans will directly choose a leader. Here is a chronology of the main events in Afghanistan 
Lance Berkman and Carlos Beltran hit two-run homers Wednesday to propel Houston to a 9-3 win over Atlanta in the opener of their NL Division Series.
Utah #39;s Major League Soccer team hired former US Under-17 coach John Ellinger to coach the new team when it begins play next spring.
OTTAWA - An injured crewman who was airlifted from a stranded Canadian submarine off the Irish coast has died, Prime Minister Paul Martin told Parliament.
Hong Kong #39;s reputation for financial security was dented yesterday after one of its banks accidentally put out clients #39; deposit boxes with the rubbish.
Microsoft has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.
Google, the increasingly powerful internet search engine, could overhaul the way books are sold with a planned service that allows users to search full texts and buy titles online.
To the growing evidence that some dinosaurs had feathers, add the family of tyrannosaurs, mighty predators in the age of reptiles.
Harry Kewell and fellow striker John Aloisi were ruled out of the Socceroos team for Saturday #39;s Confederations Cup qualifier against the Solomon Islands with leg injuries.
The chairman of Fannie Mae, the government-backed mortgage lender, on Wednesday described accusations of accounting misdeeds at his company as without merit.
HE HAS always put his career first, listening to his fathers advice not to marry because a wife would only get in the way of his golf.
Numerous applications, including some of Microsoft #39;s own, have encountered compatibility problems with Windows XP SP2 (Service Pack 2).
PAUL Gascoigne, who won 57 England caps, finds himself at yet another career crossroads following his resignation yesterday as player/coach of Boston United.
A quick glance down the list of clubs Paul Dickov has played for inexorably leads to one conclusion: the man is football #39;s eternal optimist.
United said on Wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, increase the use of its regional carrier and expand its international flights.
Survey shows workers less optimistic about job market, with fewer saying personal finances are getting better.
Honeywell announced late Wednesday it has filed a lawsuit against Apple, and 33 other electronics companies claiming claiming infringement of a liquid crystal display (LCD) patent.
UAL Corp., the bankrupt parent of United Airlines, Wednesday said it would cut back on US flights and increase its capacity on more lucrative international routes.
The image of the fearsome Tyrannosaurus rex may never be the same again after a study published today suggests that it was probably fluffy, being covered with a downy covering 
Twelve United Nations agencies working in Gaza today stated that the ongoing violence on top of the sharply deteriorating humanitarian situation this year is pushing the Palestinian population into a deep crisis.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) will announce it is taking legal action against illegal internet file-sharers for the first time today.
ANKARA: The European Commission is widely expected to give Turkey the green light to start EU entry talks in a progress report due to be published on Wednesday.
AFP - At least 33 people were killed and dozens others wounded when two bombs ripped through a congregation of Sunni Muslims in Pakistan's central city of Multan, police said.
Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - At first, the military said it was just a minor fire.
AP - Michael Moore shot back at Republicans on Wednesday after they requested that the filmmaker be prosecuted for offering underwear and food to college students in exchange for their promise to vote.
AP - Ronald Reagan's image will appear on a commemorative postage stamp to be issued early next year, Postal Service officials announced Wednesday.
Chilean senators agree to scrap provisions in the constitution widely viewed as undemocratic.
The Houston Astros battered the Atlanta Braves, 9-3, in Game 1 of their N.L. division series even without the best from their starting pitcher, Roger Clemens.
Demandware service designed to help midsize firms open shop online as fast as with a hosted service, but with more customization.
Clorox Co. said late Wednesday that it will exchange shares in a subsidiary for Henkel KGaA #39;s 29 percent stake in the Oakland consumer products giant.
Tokyo stocks rose on Wednesday for the fifth consecutive session, as investors bet on optimistic forecasts for steel and shipping issues and hopes for a more robust economic recovery in Japan.
AP - Oakland Raiders running back Tyrone Wheatley expects to miss 2-to-4 weeks with a shoulder injury.
Author and academic Professor Stephen Hawking is more of a role model to teenage boys than England football captain David Beckham, says a Good Housekeeping magazine survey.
AP - Bartolo Colon turned around his first season with the Anaheim Angels when Jose Molina was behind the plate.
It would be foolish to get too excited about the Wizards after years of disappointment but this team will bear watching this season.
The University of Virginia Cavaliers are 4-0, ranked tenth, and mostly invisible on the national title picture. A win Thursday against Clemson could start opening eyes.
Ricky Williams's representatives are considering having him file for bankruptcy in an attempt to void the remainder of his contract with the Miami Dolphins.
Forward Antawn Jamison is expected to be the team's No. 1 offensive threat while working within the framework of the offense.
Laurel native and Freddy Adu mentor John Ellinger  becomes the first coach of the MLS expansion team in Salt Lake City.
John Gilmore, a tech-industry millionaire and privacy advocate, set out two years ago to challenge a basic element of airline security.
Attorneys for US Airways hope to convince a bankruptcy court judge in Alexandria today that without substantial pay cuts, the airline will go out of business.
The Bush administration dramatically escalated a dispute with the European Union yesterday by filing one of the biggest complaints in World Trade Organization history, accusing European governments 
Australia #39;s unemployment rate dropped for the second straight month to 5.6 percent in September, the government said Thursday.
Tokyo stocks slipped Thursday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues was down 36.
Scientist Professor David Parry has paid tribute to Nobel Prize winner and New Zealand born scientist Maurice Wilkins who has died at the age of 88.
Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain warned Sudan on Wednesday that the international community would not rest until violence was ended in Western Darfur and a comprehensive 
A senior Iranian official announced that his country has missiles capable of striking American troops, Israel and parts of Europe, Reuters reported.
WASHINGTON - Fannie Mae chief Franklin Raines told Congress on Wednesday that the huge mortgage company did not intentionally manipulate earnings to boost executives #39; bonuses.
By The Associated Press. Frank Thomas, who played in only 74 games with the Chicago White Sox this season, had surgery yesterday on his left ankle and might not be ready for spring training.
People soon will be able to carry guns and other dangerous weapons onto the grounds and parking lots of Reagan National and Dulles International airports, after officials 
Franklin D. Raines, the head of Fannie Mae, took issue with every major damaging conclusion of the mortgage giant's regulator on Wednesday.
The suspension of Chiron's flu vaccine has not only cost it three-quarters in expected profits, but also some credibility.
While consumers, presidential candidates and the stock and bond markets are focused on oil prices, the oil traders themselves are more concerned about volatility.
EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- Chad Pennington returned for New York and the franchise quarterback showed why the Jets need him down the stretch drive.
PC World - Western Digital's Scorpio drives promise stinging performance.
AP - Don't expect major league baseball to discipline Barry Bonds, Jason Giambi and Gary Sheffield over reported admissions of steroid use.
The wreckage of a Detroit case about a "sleeper operational combat cell" reveals that it was built on evidence that has since been undermined.
Two Brazilian subsidiaries of General Electric Co. that provide maintenance services to financially troubled airline Vasp are calling for the bankruptcy of Brazil's fourth-largest airline.
Craig A. Conway said that he did not lie in 2003 but had simply not been clear when he suggested that all pending software orders had been completed.
Instant messaging and online chat are well on their way to ubiquity -- especially among the young. How can parents ensure messaging is safe?
Printed symbols called SpotCodes can help cellphones with cameras find their way around cyberspace.
Computer Associates International announced on Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire Netegrity, a maker of network identity and access software, for about US\$430 million.
AP - Orlando Magic center Andrew DeClercq will likely miss 3-to-4 weeks while he recovers from his second knee surgery of the year.
AP - The Columbus Crew won their first Eastern Conference title and extended their unbeaten streak to an MLS-record 16 games with a 1-0 victory over the Chicago Fire on Wednesday.
Yankees Manager Joe Torre bypassed Javier Vazquez in favor of Kevin Brown, the 39-year-old right-hander who has pitched in two World Series.
Bear Stearns  amp; Companies said Tuesday that its asset management arm had agreed to acquire the TimesSquare Capital Management bond business of the Cigna Corporationin New York.
As tailback Ricky Williams contemplates a return to the NFL, his representatives are considering having him file for bankruptcy in an attempt to void the remainder of his contract with the Miami 
Two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni radicals early Thursday in Multan in central Pakistan, killing at least 33 people and injuring dozens of others, said a police officer.
Wall Street stocks ended higher Wednesday, boosted by a late-day rally despite the record crude oil price of more than 52 US dollars per barrel.
James Hickman is looking to secure an unprecedented fifth consecutive global title as he spearheads a small British team in the World Short-Course Championships starting in Indianapolis today.
If every postseason game were an opener, the Metrodome would be filled with World Series banners. Eight times in a row, Minnesota has won the first game of a playoff.
At least 39 people were killed and more than 80 wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded at a rally for an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan early Thursday, police said.
A federal judge rejected a request from the woman who accused the basketball star Kobe Bryant of rape to remain anonymous in her civil lawsuit.
The European jetmaker has long skirted subsidy rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO complaint will drag that abuse into the light of day.
A Waltham maker of security software is being acquired by software behemoth Computer Associates in a cash deal worth almost a half-billion dollars, the companies announced yesterday.
Internet search giant Google, quiet since going public in August, introduced a feature Wednesday that lets users search through pages of books online.
On Monday, astronaut Gordon Cooper Jr., 77, died at his home in Ventura, Calif. He was one of the original seven Mercury astronauts.
(CP) - After the pressure of the Olympic Games, training for the world short course swim championships was a challenge for Victoria #39;s Rick Say.
The brother-in-law of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre died Wednesday evening after crashing an all-terrain vehicle on the player #39;s property.
Mayor Anthony Williams is exploring ways to raise money to invest in neighborhoods and schools and allay critics of the mayor's plan to pay for a stadium.
Cambodia's King Sihanouk has announced his abdication, his son tells the country's National Assembly.
An orchid dealer was sentenced Wednesday to a year and five months in federal prison for scheming to smuggle prized tropical lady slipper orchids into the United States.
WILMINGTON, Del. - Former PeopleSoft Chief Executive Officer Craig Conway testified Wednesday that he may have overreacted to Oracle Corp.
Smoking foes, led by Ohio Republican Sen. Mike DeWine, yesterday vowed to continue their fight for government regulation of tobacco products, shortly 
WASHINGTON - A decades-long struggle between the world #39;s two largest aircraftmakers escalated into a new trade war between the United States and Europe.
Texas Instruments Inc. said Wednesday that a Delaware court ruled a second time that the company did not materially breach an agreement with cell phone chipmaker Qualcomm Inc.
The subscription software company adds 85,000 individual subscribers to its online customer information system.
roundup Plus: RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux...Microsoft ships Virtual PC 7...SGI warns of lower revenue, deeper loss.
New service will feature SkypePlus voicemail and expanded conference calling, as well as let users get calls from the traditional phone network.
An Israeli missile hit the house of a Palestinian family of 10, killing two and badly injuring some of the eight children in Beit Lahia, northern Gaza.
AFP - A Thai policeman suspected of shooting dead two British tourists last month gave himself up, police said.
AP - A federal appeals court has tossed out a lawsuit that resulted in a  #36;71 million penalty against Zimbabwe's ruling party for allegedly torturing and killing political opponents.
AP - Forty-nine pitches. Joe Nathan hadn't thrown that many in more than four years.
Four former El Paso Corp. employees have agreed to plead guilty to reporting false natural gas trades and will help prosecutors in ongoing investigations.
Novell has officially announced the early November availability of SuSE Professional 9.2, adding mobility features to the distribution including support for Bluetooth and wireless LANs.
Latest figures from Principality Building Society show that net savings have increased by almost 50 since the base rate rise in August.
Rescate writes  quot;As reported by Reuters,Google is launching Google Print, which will show book excerpts next to regular Google search results.
Wednesday after a more than two-week journey from Charleston in the United States. They fear it is vulnerable to. plutonium will be recycled into nuclear fuel.
More than 300 business delegates from Asia and Europe gathered in Hanoi Thursday to seek more opportunities to promote free flows of trade and investment between the two continents in the coming years.
Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi has appealed for the release of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, who was taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.
The US Congress has agreed in principle a huge corporate tax bill providing tax breaks for manufacturers in return for repealing export subsidies.
The announcement was made in a letter read to the National Assembly on Thursday by Prince Norodom Ranariddh, the king #39;s son and chairman of the assembly.
Nine people were killed in two pre-dawn raids by US planes on suspected reel targets in Fallujah, west of Baghdad today, according to a local hospital.
Organizations representing 60,000 United Nations employees are urging Secretary-General Kofi Annan to pull all UN staff out of Iraq.
A key US report saying Saddam Hussein had no WMD intensifies debate on the justification for war with Iraq.
US economic expansion remains on track and inflation under control, top Federal Reserve officials said Wednesday in comments likely to reinforce views the Fed will hike rates again this year.
GOOGLE INGENUES Sergey Brin and Larry Page, have been visiting the Frankfurt Book Fair this week peddling a new service to publishers for the search engine outfit.
Thailand has refused to support a proposal at the ongoing CITES meeting to strict the trade in greatwhite sharks due to concern over the possible adverse effect on its shark 
At least 39 people have been killed and more than 80 wounded after a car bomb exploded at a rally to commemorate an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan, police say.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp says it has approved stricter corporate governance provisions, soothing critics of a plan to shift its legal base to the United States from Australia.
Fannie Mae (FNM) CEO Franklin Raines defended his stewardship of the housing finance giant Wednesday, as a former employee said Raines ignored warnings of accounting problems.
An Israeli tank fired two shells Thursday morning at a group of Palestinians in the town of Beit Lahiya in northern Gaza, killing two people, hospital officials said.
The United States and the European Union have taken their fight over billions of dollars in subsidies for Airbus and Boeing to the World Trade Organisation.
OIL #39;S RECORD-breaking rally took US crude over US\$52 a barrel yesterday fuelled by the impact of Hurricane Ivan on US winter inventories.
Volkswagen has recruited Wolfgang Bernhard, who as DaimlerChrysler #39;s former star manager built a reputation as an aggressive cost-cutter, to join its board.
Wolverine World Wide Inc., maker of Hush Puppies shoes and Merrell boots, reported third-quarter revenue of \$260.89 million, a 13.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission filed civil suits on Wednesday charging that six former top executives at the technology company Peregrine Systems committed massive accounting fraud.
Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Costs of employer-sponsored health plans are expected to climb an average of 8 percent in 2005, the first time in five years increases have been in single digits.
England striker Michael Owen, who is nursing a back injury, should complete a full training session on Thursday before the World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.
The Yankees needed someone to save Mariano Rivera. Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter sparked a championship-caliber rally just in time.
Supporters found plenty of reasons to cheer the EU #39;s recommendation Wednesday that talks begin on making Muslim-majority Turkey a member.
The news that the National party is to hold back on key policy announcements until closer to the election has had a mixed reception.
Asian and European business leaders at a joint forum pushed for greater trade between their regions Thursday, with Asians calling for more transfer of technology to their countries and Europeans demanding greater Asian investment.
The last two weeks of the regular season were agonizing for Jim Edmonds, robbed of enthusiasm once the St. Louis Cardinals clinched the NL Central.
Matt Light was a good old country boy. Now he's a rich, good old country boy.
Chris Simms will make his first pro start at quarterback for the winless Tampa Bay Buccaneers this week, replacing Brad Johnson .
Ex-US soldier Charles Jenkins, accused of defecting to North  Korea, will face a court martial on 3 November.
The US-based Human Rights Watch says both Nepalese troops and Maoist rebels are responsible for civilian killings and abductions.
I'll be back with the news about Howard Stern's planned departure to satellite radio. But first, this endless block of commercials and station promotions.
United Airlines, increasingly squeezed by discount carriers in the US market, is cutting back its domestic flight schedule and expanding its international presence in the push to become profitable again.
US Airways Group Inc. said yesterday that sharply rising fuel costs in recent weeks have made the bankrupt airline's already dismal financial outlook even more acute.
Residential heating costs are projected to soar this winter to more than \$1,000 on average because of higher fuel prices and colder weather, the government said yesterday.
October 6, 2004 6:43 PM GMT (Datamonitor) - It is looking increasingly likely that Oracle could be victorious in its lengthy takeover battle with PeopleSoft.
It was two years ago when Ernie Els explained how it was possible that Tiger Woods could be overtaken in the world rankings. Of course, at the time the South African 
After bolting to a 4-0 record and its highest ranking in five years against opponents with a collective 7-13 record, Virginia begins its football season 
Car detonated at a rally in the city of Multan when people had gathered to commemorate first anniversary of the assassination of extremist Sunni religious leader Azam Tariq.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has told his supporters to vote without fear at a rally in a Kabul stadium the Taliban once used for beheadings.
The UK music industry is set to launch legal action against people who download music from the net.
Following are brief profiles of the leading candidates in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election to be held on Saturday.
Stocks enjoyed a late-day rally yesterday, finishing higher despite a new record price for oil and gloomy third-quarter outlooks from several companies.
com. Are you really surprised that the Yankees came back to win Game 2 over the Twins, avoiding an 0-2 deficit heading back to Minneapolis on Friday?
Mark Foster has called on national performance director Bill Sweetenham to moderate his approach after returning to the British team following his Olympic exile.
Debutant Michael Clarke made a sparkling 151 and captain Adam Gilchrist 104 to lift Australia to 474 all out on the second day of the first test against India on Thursday.
Just over a week after vowing to get anger management help, he lashes out in interview, calling writer  #39;an Uncle Tom. #39;. By Bill Cizek.
KABUL, Afghanistan The Afghan government is blaming drug smugglers for yesterday #39;s attack on the leading vice presidential candidate .
King Norodom Sihanouk #39;s abdication announcement is not the first time the mercurial and enigmatic Cambodian has caught his nation by surprise.
Reuters - The earliest known relative of the\mighty Tyrannosaurus rex had primitive feathers, probably to\help it keep warm.
AP - Geologist David Johnston wouldn't have died on Mount St. Helens today.
A photography exhibitions in London documents what online identities gamers create for themselves.
A 30m online map is launched telling homeowners in England and Wales what risk of flooding they face.
Climate experts and politicians  will discuss policies they believe may be needed beyond the Kyoto Protocol.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into fresh record  territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.
Uh, actually Rodgers was talking about the prospect of ESPN #39;s  quot;GameDay quot; coming to Los Angeles for the Cal-USC game Saturday.
Two bombs exploded at a religious gathering in Pakistan early Thursday, killing at least 39 people and injuring over 100, police.(Xinhua/AFP Photo).
Mr Howard has dismissed claims his party needed a miracle to seize power from Labour. And today he said the Tories could win the election.
Bolivians voted Sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
Two Israelis and one American won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work on how a cell breaks down proteins that are damaged or have outlived their usefulness.
With the nation facing a vaccine shortage, an uncertain allocation of prevention - who will get a shot and who will not - began in earnest.
Scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, giving researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products.
TheDeal.com - Agency commissioners hope to issue a final ruling on the deal by the end of the month.
TheDeal.com - PeopleSoft's CEO admits to starting a campaign to smear Oracle right after announcement of the deal.
Computer gamers from around the planet are gathering in San Francisco for the World Cyber Games.
AP - Rebels and paramilitary fighters who have laid down their arms in Colombia could soon be slaughtering hogs and cultivating blueberries if a proposal by members of Congress succeeds.
AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair was due to outline his personal vision for the future of Africa at a meeting of the organisation he set up to spur development efforts in the region.
Pakistani troops patrol the city of Multan after bomb blasts at a Sunni gathering left 39 people dead.
An employee of Ivory Coast opposition leader Alassane Ouattara is found dead in suspicious circumstances.
Peruvian TV journalists resign after claims of electoral fraud sparked an angry outburst by President Toledo.
The UK music industry is set to prosecute people who swap music illegally over the internet.
Movie scripts and personal letters belonging to the late star Katharine Hepburn are to go on show.
King Oyo of Uganda celebrated the ninth anniversary of his coronation last month. But at 12, he just wants to be a kid.
The president leveled his toughest attack on John F. Kerry, warning that his Democratic challenger "would weaken America and make the world more dangerous."
Saying he #39;s  #39;tired of the censorship, #39; the shock jock announces he #39;s abandoning traditional broadcasting and going over to satellite.
Tight oil supplies could leave the global economy worryingly vulnerable for years to come, a senior International Monetary Fund official said on Thursday.
YORK -- This is the night we saw beyond the dollar signs, the night Alex Rodriguez morphed from simply stylish to sublimely substantive.
SIR BOBBY ROBSON believes Craig Bellamy can strike fear into the England camp in Saturday #39;s crunch World Cup showdown at Old Trafford.
AP - Former No. 1 Kim Clijsters will not play again this season, but won't need surgery for her latest wrist injury.
Craig Conway, the ex-boss of PeopleSoft, admitted yesterday that he may have over-reacted to the attempted takeover of his firm by Oracle.
Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano has said a court order to open a trial against its chairman Emilio Botin and other bank executives was based on illegitimate requests.
A key issue in the \$140 billion bill involves removing Food and Drug Administration regulation from tobacco products. Updates in tax law to help agricultural cooperatives.
Google has launched a new search technology that helps publishers sell books online. The service, called Google Print, will be incorporated into Google search queries.
Thousands of samples from the Genesis space capsule have arrived at the Johnson Space Center, where the project #39;s curator must assemble a giant jigsaw puzzle 
Michael Clarke made a sparkling 151 on his debut and captain Adam Gilchrist 104 to put Australia in command against India in the first test on Thursday.
Never mind cover boy Adrian Peterson, the quarterback with a Heisman at home, the stifling defense or the sideline genius of Bob Stoops.
Ernie Banks was 35 when Cubs manager Leo Durocher first tried to bench him. Banks was starting to age and was struggling during spring training in 1966.
In addition to praising the reforms Turkey undertook in the five years since it obtained the status of candidate country in 1999, the report also gives Turkey the green light to start membership negotiations.
American lawmakers are close to outlawing the making of spyware that smuggles its way on to your PC.
Burt Rutan, the man behind X-Prize winner SpaceShipOne, says the craft will not be used for scientific space experiments.
A senior Angolan official has said negotiations between the Angolan government and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to unblock aid are making good progress and a formal accord 
Canada #39;s housing industry is still firmly on track for another year of record home building despite an unexpected drop in building permits during the month of August, Statistics Canada reported Wednesday.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) will announce it is taking legal action against illegal internet file-sharers for the first time today.
Britain expects the European Union to start membership talks with Turkey in January, when Luxembourg assumes the EU #39;s rotating presidency, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
Technology industry reps say they failed to reach consensus with the entertainment industry on language for the proposed Induce Act, which would make it illegal to encourage copyright infringement. By Katie Dean.
The space agency taps Lockheed Martin and MD Robotics to build robotic technology it may use to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. By Amit Asaravala.
Italy's leader Berlusconi heads for Libya to discuss how to stem the flow of migrants trying to reach Italy.
France sends plutonium from scrapped US nuclear warheads south under heavy guard to be reprocessed.
Three children from a care home are missing on the Lancashire moors after they are separated from a group.
The findings released yesterday by Charles Duelfer, the chief UN arms inspector in Iraq, strengthened preliminary findings of his successor, David Kay.
The news that shock jock Howard Stern is jumping from free AM/FM radio to pay satellite radio has brought instant attention to the young medium.
Description: Top Fannie Mae executives defend the company #39;s accounting practices in Congress. CEO Franklin Raines denied allegations the company had manipulated its books, telling lawmakers the controversy 
Google has not had anything big for us since it went public some time ago. Now, it is back with some news that could worry biggies like Amazon and Barnes and Noble.
Legal action is being taken against 28 people in the UK for illegally swapping music over the internet, the British Phonographic Industry announced today.
NASA mourns the loss of Mercury astronaut Gordon Cooper, who rocketed into space in his Faith 7 capsule on May 15, 1963 (above, right).
India #39;s batsmen made a less than ideal start to their first innings in Bangalore, losing two wickets for just 34 runs after Australia finished strongly to build a commanding lead.
Two Palestinian children were killed Thursday by Israeli fire in the Jabaleya refugee camp in northern Gaza as Israel #39;s bloody offensive enters its ninth day.
Remember this about Johnny Damon dubbing his happy-go-lucky band of brothers a bunch of idiots. He never meant their baseball IQ bordered on brainless.
The temptation is overwhelming. Go ahead, admit it. You're fighting it as you read this. You are thinking this series is over.
Burt Rutan, the man who designed and masterminded the X-Prize winning SpaceShipOne, says the craft will only be used for people, not experiments.
Mario Monti, the outgoing European competition commissioner, has told Microsoft that  quot;the time for settlement has passed quot; on the anti-trust charges the company faces.
Olympic medalists will take another bow and several hopefuls for the 2008 Beijing Games will take out some frustrations for the next five days at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.
Malcolm Glazer is set to offer Sir Alex Ferguson a more powerful role at Old Trafford in return for the Scots support of the American tycoons planned takeover at Manchester United.
Supporters found plenty of reasons to cheer the European Unions recommendation of yesterday for talks to begin on making Muslim-majority Turkey a member.
Israel is holding 25 UN employees in the Palestinian West Bank or Gaza but has not charged any with a crime or even told the United Nations of their detention, UN officials said on Wednesday.
the British Phonographic Industry is taking legal actionagainst 28 people in Britain for illegally swapping music over the internet.
More than two dozen federal agents with subpoenas spent five hours Wednesday searching the Will County land use department #39;s computer records in an investigation related to building permits.
Tracking inventory using inexpensive radio tags is one of the hottest technologies in supply chain management, with promising applications in retail and many other sectors.
India have made a disastrous start to their reply to Australia #39;s first innings total of 474 runs on day two of the first Test against India in Bangalore.
SiliconValley.com - Two weeks ago Monday was a lousy day for Julianne Biagini, chief financial officer of a Sunnyvale wireless company.
com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Potty talk could be just what the fledgling satellite radio industry needs to become a viable, mainstream business, industry analysts said Wednesday 
Airbus SAS on Thursday attacked a US decision to file a World Trade Organization complaint against subsidies received by the European aircraft maker.
If you want to hit the books online - you can point your Internet browser to hit the online search engine Google. The site is inviting publishers to include entire books in its index.
The BPI, the UK record industrys trade association, is targeting people who make their music collection available on the internet, illegally, for other web users to share.
In a move that could affect the future prices of many products using LCD technology, Honeywell has announced that it has filed suit against 34 companies for alleged LCD-related patent infringement.
com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
A year ago, the Twins lamented the day off that followed their victory against the Yankees in Game 1 of the American League Division Series.
The United States is fighting a war in Iraq and Americans are divided over whether it #39;s right. The war is a huge issue in the 2004 presidential election.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices broke into fresh record  territory above \$52 on Thursday on heightened concerns over  tight winter heating fuel supplies.
Most households and businesses will pay more for heating this winter as the prices of crude oil and other energy sources continue to rise.
World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
UK interest rates have been kept on hold at 4.75 following the latest meeting of the Bank of England #39;s rate-setting committee.
At least 25 Palestinian U.N. workers have been detained by Israel for as long as two years under charges Israel refuses to reveal, U.N. officials said Wednesday.
The UK music industry has today launched a  #39;rolling program of legal action #39; against illegal downloaders, the first of its kind in the country.
(10/07/04) The Houston Astros took game one of their NL Division Series, setting team playoff records for runs and homers in a 9-3 pounding in Atlanta.
Top seeds Lleyton Hewitt and Maria Sharapova did their best in the second round, but could only win in three sets at the \$860,000 Japan Open.
Dick Cheney has accidentally given a boost to opponents by wrongly recalling a website address.
Vice President Cheney dropped a dot-bomb Tuesday night when he inadvertently directed millions of viewers of the vice presidential debate to an Internet site critical of the Bush administration.
NASA researchers are developing an exquisitely sensitive artificial nose for space exploration.
MANCHESTER was celebrating another huge sporting coup today after winning the right to hold the world short course swimming championships.
The showdown between Myanmar #39;s military regime and the European Union at the upcoming Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) of Asian and European leaders has been propelled into one 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were seen opening  lower  on Thursday as rising oil prices and lackluster September sales  reports from retailers weighed on the market.
LONDON : World oil prices bolted up to new record summits beyond 52 dollars on markets nervous about tight global supplies with winter looming in the northern hemisphere.
Marriott International, the largest US hotel operator, Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 45 as room rates grew faster than occupancy for the first time in three years.
As property tax bills hit Chicago mailboxes next week, most will deliver a lighter thud than before. Don #39;t get too excited -- that thud will gradually get heavier.
A Russian court on Thursday rejected an appeal by the Yukos oil company seeking to overturn a freeze on the accounts of the struggling oil giant #39;s core subsidiaries.
IBM has added a new feature to WebSphere Application Server designed to help safeguard Internet business applications against outages.
Scotland manager Berti Vogts has suffered another setback ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova with the news that Steven Pressley has pulled out of the squad.
MOSCOW A senior Russian official says his country is going to continue its nuclear energy cooperation with Iran in spite of concern that Tehran could be trying to develop atomic weapons.
AP - The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday warned that poverty and instability in Africa is providing a fertile breeding ground for terror and criminal organizations.
AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
From the creators of the political satire sensation "This Land" comes a sequel set to the tune of "Dixie."
Canada defends its decision to buy second-hand submarines from Britain, after the death of a crewman.
Australia take control of the first Test, reducing India to 150-6 after posting 474.
The EU is set to impose new sanctions against Burma, overshadowing a summit of Asian and European leaders.
Michael Howard brings his party's annual conference to a close with a pitch to Labour and Lib Dem voters.
PARIS Aircraft maker Airbus is attacking a US decision to file a World Trade Organization complaint over subsidies Airbus. Airbus today says the US complaint shows that Washington is unwilling to negotiate 
The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.
Scotland defender Steven Pressley is the latest player to drop out of a depleted squad for the World Cup qualifiers with Norway and Moldova.
Turkey #39;s press is dominated by comment on the European Commission #39;s recommendation that the EU open accession talks with Ankara.
The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged, taking more time to gauge the effect of soaring oil prices on the inflationary outlook and slow economic recovery.
The torrid pace of home sales across the Bay Area and the state will cool next year, but prices will stay on an upward trajectory, according to a real estate trade group.
Financial news and information provider Reuters Group PLC plans to make Bangalore its biggest worldwide employment center in order to become more competitive, executives said Thursday.
Reuters - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. said on Thursday\its September sales at department stores open at least a year\rose 2 percent.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.C. Penney Co. Inc. said on Thursday  its September sales at department stores open at least a year  rose 2 percent.
The number of new applications filed last week for unemployment benefits fell sharply, offering a hopeful sign that the recovery in the job market may be gaining some steam.
The economic adviser to Russian President Putin tells a newspaper that chasing Yukos for tax bills was a "serious mistake".
The European Central Bank keeps eurozone interest rates unchanged at 2 for the fourteenth month in a row.
The lawsuit claims the companies use a patented Honeywell technology for brightening images and reducing interference on displays.
Software company Netline claims its decision to open source the latest version of its email server platform has reduced the development time for the new release by a factor of 10.
PC World - Success of alternative apps like Firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
Ballmer digs pit, inserts whole MS strategy, keeps digging
AFP - Four people died and hundreds were injured when a tornado bore down on a field where a large number of Muslim devotees had gathered to pray in central Bangladesh, police said.
Thumb through the book - then buy a clean copy from Amazon
The Afghan government says it is confident that presidential elections will go ahead despite threats of violence.
The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at two per cent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-country euro zone may be sputtering.
London - An international music industry group said on Thursday it was launching hundreds of lawsuits across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the internet.
Honeywell on Wednesday announced that it has filed suit in federal court against Apple Computer Inc. and more than thirty other companies, alleging infringement over a 1994 patent that describes technology 
Yahoo became the latest search engine to try its hand at personalized search, unveiling tools Tuesday that let searchers save and edit search results.
Success of alternative apps like Firefox may be putting pressure on the software giant.
NASA -- Imagine seeing clear skies all the time. It's not some weather fantasyland, but a revolutionary cockpit display technology being developed by NASA to make flying safer...
Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
The Reds have announced the news following intense speculation that American sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer was ready to significantly increase his stake in the club.
Georgia Techs Reggie Ball walks toward the sideline during Saturdays loss to Miami. ATLANTA - There is no starting quarterback controversy at Georgia Tech.
Cognos Inc. has reassigned its North America operations chief after he was indicted by a grand jury in San Diego in connection with a financial scandal at Peregrine Systems Inc.
Frankfurt/London  Reuters News Service, 7 October 2004 - Google yesterday introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
PURE PLAY foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) said in a statement it had noticed a decline in wafer sales in September, compared to August.
Darren Williams has his suspicions about 9/11 and he's attracting hordes of readers to his Web site interested in his unorthodox ideas about the attack.
Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month in September, giving major retailers only modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
Only invest on margin if you know what you're doing -- and maybe not even then.
Oil prices have hit record highs in the United States for the third straight day in early trading Thursday, amid continuing concerns about the supply of crude oil.
Interest rates have been kept at 4.75 amid signs that five rises over the last year had finally put the brakes on house prices and consumer spending.
NEWS Corporation has agreed to retain its full foreign listing on the Australian Stock Exchange if shareholders approve the company #39;s proposal to shift to the US.
The crew of a Canadian submarine drifting off the west coast of Ireland face another night at sea as rescue efforts continue.
Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of an Austrian bishop over a porn scandal at a seminary in his diocese.
A group of 12 United Nations agencies warn of an impending humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday,  pressured by record oil prices, disappointing September sales  from retailers and a drop in drug stocks.
The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) is to take legal action against people who download music illegally from the internet. The organisation has said it will target individuals who make music available 
No matter how good or bad of a year Alex Rodriguez had this season in New York, his first year in pinstripes would ultimately be judged on how he performed in October.
Real Madrid centre-back Jonathan Woodgate had to retire from a practice match on Thursday after suffering a recurrence of his thigh muscle injury.
German newspapers on Thursday commented on Turkey coming a step closer to fulfilling a 40 year old dream after the European Commission recommended that the EU begin membership talks with Ankara.
There is substantial evidence that Iran is developing a capability to manufacture nuclear weapons while claiming that it is only for peaceful power-generating purposes.
UN peacekeepers and Haitian police say 75 people have been arrested during a sweep aimed at curtailing violence in the capital city of Port-au-Prince.
There is more to Howard Stern's migration to satellite radio than meets the FM dial's eye.
Many of us are bewildered by common documents -- with dangerous results.
CHARLOTTE, NC - Bank of America said Thursday it will cut about 4,500 jobs beginning this month as a result of its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Oil prices keep climbing but for the moment the economists are sticking to the line that the global and Australian economies will weather the storm.
Consumers spent frugally for a fourth straight month during September, giving major retailers modest gains during the critical back-to-school season.
Jenson Button today issued a passionate defence of Silverstone, insisting it would be  quot;devastating quot; if the British Grand Prix was axed.
London - Richard Hill, a key member of the long-established England World Cup-winning back row, will be out of action for up to nine months after knee surgery.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has dispatched a team to Jerusalem to look into allegations that a UN ambulance driver was filmed putting a Qassam rocket into his vehicle.
THE News Corporation Ltd has won the battle to gain local support for its move to the US after unveiling far-reaching concessions on corporate governance.
A disappointing retail sales report and the threat of oil prices reaching \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday in early trading.
Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, primarily in general and administrative areas, and consolidate its office space worldwide, it announced Wednesday.
LONDON : A consortium, including former world champion Nigel Mansell, claims it has agreed terms to ensure Silverstone remains one of the venues for the 2005 Formula One world championship.
Top seed Lleyton Hewitt was pushed to three sets by a Japanese player for the second day in a row at the \$860,000 Japan Open on Thursday.
BALTIMORE -- First, Carson Palmer tossed the ball all over the field during his finest day in the NFL.
Researching things on the web is an essential part of everyday business - but too often books and other printed sources get left behind.
The largest Voice-over-IP business deployment revealed to date presents new opportunities for both the bank that #39;s using it and the services provider that #39;s implementing it.
The European Union voiced confidence on Thursday that it could win its case against the United States at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over state aid for aircraft rivals Boeing and Airbus.
AP - An international music industry group said Thursday hundreds of lawsuits were being filed across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the Internet.
Thirteen million digital radios will be sold in the UK by the end of 2008, industry body DRDB predicts.
Reuters - If President Bush defeats Democrat\John Kerry on Nov. 2, Republicans expect many new faces in a\second-term Bush Cabinet.
Bank of America said Thursday it will layoff 4,500 employees as part of the companys ongoing integration of FleetBoston Financial.
Industrial conglomerate Honeywell International on Wednesday said it has filed a lawsuit against 34 electronics companies including Apple Computer and Eastman Kodak, claiming patent infringement of its liquid crystal display technology.
An international music industry group said Thursday hundreds of lawsuits were being filed across Europe accusing people of piracy for illegally sharing music on the Internet.
Many endangered species are under threat from growing prosperity in China, where exotic animals are butchered for gourmet banquets, exotic medicines or luxury goods.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid and English international defender Jonathan Woodgate re-injured his left thigh during practice Thursday.
AP - The 2006 World Cup will break with tradition and begin with a separate show a day before the opening game.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard gave his last nationally televised campaign speech today as he bids for a fourth three-year term.
ISRAEL #39;S deadly offensive in northern Gaza entered its ninth day with the Government vowing to press on until Palestinian rocket fire stopped.
Beta testers find flaws in a new feature of the instant messaging app.
Microsoft is taking its SMB show on the road. The software giant is using recreational vehicles to tour the United States, bringing in partners of Hewlett-Packard and Cisco.
Microsoft has issued an update for Windows XP SP2 to address installation problems caused by a third-party adware program, TV Media.
Number Ten Ox writes  quot;According to The Register the BBC wants help to develop their open source video codec Dirac.  #39;Lead developer Dr.
CEOs aren #39;t taking the care that they should with their customers #39; data when they outsource, according to a new survey of senior management.
Michael Clarke entered Australian folklore at the Chinnaswammy Stadium today, by converting his overnight 76 into a brilliant 151 on his Test debut.
King Norodorn Sihanouk, known as much for his colorful personality as his controversial statesmanship, has been synonymous with Cambodia #39;s modern history for six decades.
The financial services giant takes over non-memory semiconductor chip production.
AP - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Standardised phones? Pah!
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The tragic events aboard HMCS Chicoutimi may divert Paul Martin's first major foreign tour as prime minister.
The family of DNA pioneer Professor Maurice Wilkins has been touched by floods of tributes from around the world.
The number of people killed in communal clashes in central Nigeria is far higher than previously thought, a new government study says.
The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry is firing up its campaign against illegal file-sharing with 459 legal actions against music uploaders.
Symantec warns Net users of Trojan horse that removes adware but alters security settings in computers.
NBC is adding a 5-second delay to its NASCAR telecasts after Dale Earnhardt Jr. used a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview last weekend.
Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 - one day's salary - for arriving late and leaving early at the Cubs' regular-season finale at Wrigley Field.
Johnny Kelley, a two-time Boston Marathon champion who became a beloved figure in the history of the race by running it a record 61 times, died at 97.
Lawrence J. White, professor of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, discusses the investigation into accounting practices at Fannie Mae.
Australian Lleyton Hewitt ousted home favourite Goichi Motomura 6-0 3-6 6-1 to advance to the third round of the Japan Open on Wednesday.
The US Labor Department said Thursday first-time applications for unemployment benefits fell last week for the first time in four weeks.
A leading Japanese electronics company is developing memory cards that can be used to make cashless payments, open locks and read identification with a simple flick.
The Toronto stock market was on positive ground this morning as energy stocks continued to benefit from record high oil prices that hit \$53 (US) a barrel.
Administrators at bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat have filed a lawsuit against Bank of America, reportedly claiming \$10bn (5.
AFP - Japanese video game giant Nintendo said it will seek to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless Nintendo DS, a hand-held double-screen console.
The European Jetmaker Has Long Skirted Subsidy Rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO Complaint Will Drag That Abuse Into The Light Of Day.
Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for US crude on Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
The Federation of the Phonographic Industry said it filed 459 lawsuits against illegal music file-sharers in Europe. The suits were filed on behalf of Warner Music Group.
After watching nearly every other semiconductor manufacturer produce their x86 64-bit chips, VIA Technologies has come to the table.
A group that includes former Formula One champion Nigel Mansell said Thursday it had reached a deal with F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone to promote the race.
Back in 1961, when Tommy Nobis was a freckle-faced, raw-boned high school linebacker from San Antonio, he took a recruiting visit to Oklahoma.
Britain says a CIA report that concludes Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction before the US-led invasion last year nonetheless confirms that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein posed a threat that could not be ignored.
Oil prices set a new record today on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and news that a strike in Nigeria could put some crude exports on hold.
Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.
For some investors, today may seem like a discount day for shares of the coffee purveyor.
When Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980, people hundreds of miles away heard the roar. The blast turned day to night, leveled miles of forest, and claimed 57 lives.
New methane readings from a space probe raise the possibility that microbial life could exist on Mars. Some scientists, though, remain skeptical.
Wild chimpanzees have been filmed using tools in combination to extract termites from mounds #151;further evidence that tool use is not unique to humans.
Like the woolly mammoth, a giant, prehistoric deer survived the last ice age, a new study shows. So what caused the Irish elk's eventual extinction?
Computer Associates introduces usage-based pricing model for mainframe software.
The maker of a rival Microsoft Exchange product that went open source says its new beta would have taken 10 times longer to do alone.
Want tiny? Here's an eyepiece TV. Want big? There's a wall-size display. All video devices great and small hit the floor at CEATEC.
A highly critical and unpatched security hole in Microsoft Corp.'s ubiquitous Word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
THE bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat said today its special administrator Enrico Bondi has filed a US lawsuit against Bank of America.
Amazon already has book-searching technology and last month launched A9.com, a subsidiary that adds personalization features to search results.
Computer Associates Thursday introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing option for its mainframe management products, aligning its offerings with IBM #39;s On Demand model.
Microsoft has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem. Testers discovered a potential security issue in the early version of MSN Messenger 
Chicago slugger Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 Wednesday for leaving the ballpark while the Cubs were playing the Atlanta Braves in the season finale.
Gary Caldwell insists he is confident Scotland can overcome their injury problems to secure the right results against Norway and Moldova.
AP - September sales and sales for the fiscal year to date reported by leading retailers.
The company will likely come out on top regardless of the outcome of the latest controversies.
AFP - Leading Web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.
AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:
President Bush conceded today that Iraq did not have the banned weapons he had warned of, but insisted that "we were right to take action."
The rocket attack temporarily overshadowed a pledge by a top aide to Moktada al-Sadr to disarm his militia.
House Democrats declared that the latest case against the leader of the Republican majority proved that he was unfit to lead.
Saddam Hussein hid behind ambiguities and evasions about whether Iraq possessed illicit weapons, partly as a deterrent to Iran.
Russia could ratify the Kyoto Protocol by the end of the year and kick-start global attempts to control climate change, Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Zhukov said on Thursday.
Mortgage rates climbed for the second consecutive week on news that the economy may soon be improving, according to surveys conducted by mortgage buyer Freddie Mac and Bankrate.
A TEAM of wildlife officials has left for a global meeting in Bangkok, Thailand to oppose the lifting of the ban imposed on ivory trade.
AT least 39 people were killed when two bombs exploded at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in the central Pakistan city of Multan early yesterday.
German business software vendor SAP plans to relocate a number of administrative jobs from its German headquarters and European subsidiaries to Prague, in a move aimed at streamlining its operations and reducing costs.
A slowdown in the US economy could justify a pause in the Federal Reserve #39;s interest rate increases, Fed Governor Ben Bernanke said on Thursday.
Howard Stern, host of the top-rated radio show for young men in New York and Los Angeles, will move to Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.
The longer-term solvency of the US fund that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.
President Vladimir Putin #39;s economic adviser has warned that Russia is jeopardising its economic growth by drifting away from liberal market reforms and moving towards increased state intervention.
The Bank of England was handed an unexpected dilemma yesterday as factories suffered their worst fall in output for two years but house prices bounced back sharply.
Researchers report that embryonic stem cells sent molecular signals that repaired fatal genetic damage to heart cells in laboratory mice.
Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet  quot;spyware quot; took another step toward law this week with overwhelming approval from the House of Representatives, but supporters said 
Michael Phelps made a comfortable return to the pool at the world short course swimming championships Thursday, touching first in his preliminary heat in the 200 meters freestyle.
com. Pedro Martinez was the focal point of press coverage after pitching the Red Sox into a two-up position over the Angels in the American League Division Series.
France tonight named their team for Saturdays World Cup qualifier against the Republic of Ireland - with eight of Raymond Domenechs starting line-up possessing Premiership experience.
England striker Michael Owen took part in a full training session on Thursday, but keeper David James missed out as they prepared to face Wales.
EDITORS NOTE: This is one in an occasional series in October about the 160 members of Fort Waynes 221st Ordnance Company in Afghanistan.
Investors roll the dice on Steve Wynn's new resort, bidding the stock up though the place won't open until April.
The accounting firm KPMG has agreed to settle a shareholder lawsuit claiming the company failed in its audit of a software company which later collapsed.
PalmSource is to focus on wireless devices with its new version of Palm OS, but can it succeed against the likes of Microsoft and Symbian?
Gartner says 2004 is likely to be one of the best years for the semiconductor capital gear market, but next year isn't looking quite so hot.
AP - Details of a new television ad from Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to begin airing this week:
The two companies expand an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
President Bush backs his policy on Iraq, despite confirmation that Saddam Hussein did not have WMD.
The CEATEC exhibit rounds up everything from wall-size "wallpaper" displays to the Scopo eyepiece TV.
NEW YORK - Actor Michael J. Fox is returning to TV - in a commercial praising Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry for his stance on stem cell research...
IBM shored up commitment to its mainframe computing platform Thursday with a series of new technologies, investments in emerging markets, new industry-focused solutions, and new partnerships.
Thanks to PC and consumer product sales, Ontario, Canadas ATI Technologies Inc. today announced its second consecutive quarter with record revenues.
Alan Greenspan, Federal Reserve chairman, said yestedray that the wave of US bank mergers since 1995 had increased the stability of the financial sector.
Although it grew up on desktop PCs, instant-messaging software has gone mobile  and it looks more and more as if it has outgrown its roots in teenage chatter.
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan praised predecessor Paul Volcker for being willing a quarter-century ago to ratchet up interest rates to end a long bout of dangerous inflation.
com. Alex Rodriguez had yet to prove to Yankees fans that he was worth his hefty price tag before this American League Division Series against the Twins.
At TechXNY this week, Hewlett-Packard reminded business users that it is still an active innovator in printers and imaging devices.
Mike Hampton has never won a Division Series game, but he needs to pitch at a top level today to help the Atlanta Braves pull even in their first-round set against the Houston Astros.
France #39;s coach Raymond Domenech opted for an experimental midfield on Thursday when he named his side to take on Ireland in a World Cup qualifier this weekend.
Both vice presidential candidates said Yasser Arafat is not a partner for peace. As Vice President Dick Cheney faced off in Cleveland on Tuesday night against Sen. John Edwards (DN.
Oil prices scaled new heights at \$53 for U.S. crude Thursday on concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies and an unexpected strike at Nigerian oil terminals.
Hotel operator Marriott International Inc. said its third-quarter earnings rose 45 percent as growing demand for rooms helped drive revenue up 9 percent.
Alex Ferguson sounded a warning note to Chelsea after they maintained their five-point gap at the top of the Barclays Premiership with a 4-0 thrashing of Newcastle.
National Thermal Power Corporations (NTPCs) initial public offering (IPO) opened to a thumping response today, and was subscribed almost four times.
NEW YORK - Hurt by erratic advertising demand, many of the nation #39;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
Eastman Kodak Co. and Sun Microsystems Inc. have settled their lawsuit over whether Sun infringed on Kodak #39;s patents in creating the Java platform.
Hewlett Packard has introduced a new range of smaller, quicker and cheaper mono printers targeted at the home, SME and enterprise markets.
Following allegations that UNRWA help transporting Qassam rockets in its vehicles, the Israeli government retracted Tuesday its allegations, Israeli Haaretz Online Daily reported.
The piracy-battered music industry will for the first time sue British, French and Austrian music fans, including a French school teacher 
The founder of the Netscape browser, software which once vied for the top spot with Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, has said he believes the browser wars may be back.
Almost by accident, NASA #39;s Mars rover Opportunity has found a rock that may point to a second water event in the red planet #39;s past.
com October 7, 2004, 12:45 PM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
St. Louis -- Jason Marquis pitches tonight with both eyes facing forward. He has tried it the other way. It didn #39;t work, not while he played in Atlanta.
Two bombs planted in a car and motorcycle exploded before dawn this morning at a gathering of Sunni Muslim radicals in central Pakistan, killing at least 39 people and wounding about 100 others.
Hurt by erratic advertising demand, many of the nation #39;s newspaper companies will fail to deliver the profits they had hoped for in the latest quarter.
The parents of a premature baby have lost their battle to force doctors to keep tiny 11-month-old Charlotte alive if she stops breathing a fourth time.
PC World - Thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots, but they don't come\  cheap.
SPACE.com - Anyone looking for signs of extraterrestrial life need not look in the center of our galaxy.
AP - Japanese vehicles dominate the government's annual list of vehicles with the best fuel economy, but Ford Motor Co. can claim the most fuel efficient pickup and sport utility vehicle.
AP - Shares of furniture maker and retailer La-Z-Boy Inc. fell nearly 13 percent Thursday after the company lowered its second-quarter outlook on rising raw material costs.
This winter, as crude oil touched \$53 a barrel today, they will translate into higher heating bills for American households.
The new measures are due to AT T's retreat from selling services to consumers, the company said today.
The government prepared to rest its fraud and conspiracy case today following testimony from a key Enron executive that a barge sale was a sham designed to inflate profits.
By JOSEPH B. VERRENGIA    DENVER (AP) -- A year ago, Dr...
During courtroom testimony, a director for the database giant offers insight into the future of the takeover bid.
A day before Martha Stewart was to start serving a prison sentence, the lifestyle trendsetter on Thursday accused prosecutors of withholding evidence she hopes will help 
An explosion rocked at hotel in the Egyptian border town of Taba, near Israel, on Thursday and a large number of casualties were reported, Israel Radio reported.
The two companies increase an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.
SAP is rolling out a new set of Java and business intelligence enhancements to its NetWeaver middleware and integration stack.
IBM is laying out a new road map for its mainframe that will include the adoption of the Common Information Model standard that allows different platforms to exchange information.
Attachmate's new Synapta presentation and builder tools are designed to abstract host information so developers can more quickly build composite applications with existing assets.
The success of alternative Web browsers could push Microsoft to more aggressively leverage its dominance of Internet client software, said Marc Andreessen, one of the founders of Netscape.
Cognos CEO Rob Ashe says companies are demanding a more tangible means of measuring the return on their business intelligence investment.
Thermal printer produces great-looking snapshots, but they don't come cheap.
&lt;strong&gt;LinuxWorld&lt;/strong&gt; If that's selling out, we want to sell out more often
Reuters - A British tug on Thursday began towing a\crippled Canadian submarine to safety, a day after a fire\killed one crewman and critically injured another.
AFP - An explosion at a hotel in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba neighbouring Israel left several casualties, Israeli police and medical sources said.
AP - A loud explosion rattled the Afghan capital early Friday, the day before historic elections, and an international peacekeeper said the blast occurred several hundred yards from peacekeeping headquarters.
Please donate now to our Fall Fund Drive to help the Monitor bring you insightful, quality journalism.
A possible gas explosion at a hotel on the border between Egypt and Israel causes several casualties.
The European Central Bank held its key interest rates steady on Thursday, amid signs it is becoming increasingly concerned about the negative effects on economic recovery of the runaway price of oil.
AT amp;T Corp., the largest US long- distance telephone company, will eliminate 20 percent of its workforce this year and write down \$11.
AP - Waiting has become a part-time job for Lee Suggs, one he'd like to quit for good.
AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are wasting no time trying to replace Larry Bowa, setting up interviews with former managers Don Baylor, Charlie Manuel and Grady Little for next week.
AP - Denmark's first soccer strike ended Thursday with an agreement between teams and the National Players' Association, which had walked out Aug. 17.
Randy Moss left Vikings practice Thursday afternoon with a sore ankle, but the All-Pro wide receiver isn #39;t expected to miss any action Sunday at Houston.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.
Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway house after pleading guilty Thursday to a lesser charge in a federal drug conspiracy case.
Clinton Portis, who said after Sunday's loss in Cleveland that the Browns seemed to know the Redskins' plays, is taking another tack this week: He's not talking.
Sirius claims it will need to generate only one million more subscribers to pay for the five-year, US\$500 million deal with Stern.
Madrid: Spain coach Luis Aragones landed himself in trouble on Wednesday after appearing to make a racist comment about French striker Thierry Henry during a training session.
Italian military planes carried 360 would-be migrants from the Italian island of Lampedusa to Libya on Wednesday, a move that officials here described as an emergency response 
Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in the Houston area, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force.
Howard Stern, one of the most popular but polarizing personalities in radio, has proclaimed his emancipation from the decency czars of the Federal Communications Commission.
The government on Thursday extended the operating concession of financially troubled airline Vasp for another six months after the airline delivered a debt payment plan, the defense ministry said in a statement.
Business software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Monday said third-quarter revenue would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
Denmark #39;s first ever soccer strike was called off Thursday according to the players #39; and clubs #39; representatives, who refused to release details of the agreement.
MULTAN (Pakistan) - A leader of a radical Sunni group blamed yesterday #39;s bombings at a religious gathering on radical Shi #39;ite Muslims.
The Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, yesterday called on voters to trust him and refused to express regret over the Iraq war ahead of tomorrow #39;s general election.
Vonage and AT #38;T, still locked in a price war, are separately planning new features in a battle for VoIP customers.
AT T today announced layoffs affecting more than 20 of its workforce, far higher than the 8 it had said earlier in the year would be laid off.
Text messaging users can use Google SMS to get specific search information such as prices, definitions, area codes, ZIP codes and phone listings.
New lens technology creates a versatile sub-\$5000 projector good for home theater or business.
The Brazilian defense ministry said on Thursday it had requested the president extend the flying license of indebted airline Vasp (VASP3.
AP - When Tom Brady looked downfield last season, his top targets were Deion Branch and Troy Brown. He'll be focusing on other wide receivers Sunday.
Two Palestinian teenagers are dead and three others wounded after an Israeli strike in northern Gaza. The Israeli military says the incident began when an unmanned drone aircraft spotted a flash from two suspicious 
AP - The Chicago White Sox are optimistic Frank Thomas' latest surgery will clear up chronic problems with his feet, but said the slugger faces a long, slow rehabilitation.
CAIRO, Egypt -- A string of explosions Thursday rocked the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt, where Israelis have been celebrating the end of a Jewish holiday.
AP - Third-seeded Juan Carlos Ferrero was upset by David Ferrer 3-6, 7-5, 6-3 Thursday in the second round of the Lyon Open.
Investors sent US stocks sharply lower today as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs hit pharmaceutical stocks.
Siebel is aiming to take a larger role in enterprises, by branching out from customer relationship management (CRM) and by making its tools easier to use.
Computer Associates International Inc. on Thursday introduced usage-based pricing for its mainframe-management products in response to customer interest in the more flexible licensing model.
Security guards at the Palestine hotel said two rockets hit the nearby Sheraton hotel, shattering windows and filling the main lobby of the hotel with smoke and debris.
US stocks fell in the broadest decline in more than two months as the price of oil climbed to \$53 a barrel, raising concern fuel costs will hamper profit growth.
A group of companies backing the Blu-ray DVD format announced plans to release camcorders that are compliant with the standard and can record on smaller disks than are currently available.
A flaw in Microsoft Word 2000, and possibly Word 2002, could be used by hackers to crash PCs or run other code on the compromised machine.
Telecommunications giant AT amp;T has revealed that it is researching desktop alternatives (ie, Linux and Mac OS X) to Microsoft systems.
MICHAEL SCHUMACHER last night shrugged off his Chinese torture and insisted he has nothing to prove in this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
Toward the end of last week, we heard that Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis had reached a plea bargain in regard to a drug distribution ring he and a childhood friend got going in 2000.
Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital.
Fresh doubts were raised over the feasibility of holding elections in Iraq yesterday with reports that the already minuscule United Nations team there wants to pull out because of the dangerous security situation.
The disparity between the earnings of the UK's top directors and their staff is continuing to widen, a report finds.
Industry experts join government panel to look at what's keeping the old-fashioned bar code around.
The move comes less than a week after a jury ruled in Kodak's favor in the \$1 billion patent-infringement lawsuit.
Microsoft blasts revelation of vulnerability in Word application.
AT amp;T Corp. on Thursday said it is reducing one fifth of its workforce this year and will record a non-cash charge of approximately \$11.
Pharmaceutical company Biovail Corp. on Thursday said company founder Eugene Melnyk will give up the chief executive title and remain chairman.
Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. Thursday said it agreed to pay \$92 million to settle a long-running patent infringement lawsuit with Eastman Kodak Co.
Hines Ward occasionally glances around the NFL, sees teams such as the Colts and Rams throwing down after down and wonders why it can #39;t be the Steelers.
A SERIES of explosions ripped through three Egyptian holiday resorts popular with Israelis last night, leaving at least 35 people dead and 160 more injured.
Oracle tells a judge the anti-takeover measure is unnecessary and ties the hands of a future board of directors.
Bank of America Corp. will make further cuts to its work force, eliminating another 4,500 positionsor 2.5 percent of its employee baseduring the next six months.
US stocks were higher on Wednesday even as crude oil prices touched a record at over \$52 per barrel, which helped boost energy shares.
Australia #39;s Jade Edmistone has qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the women #39;s 50 metres breast stroke at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.
Mauresmo, 25, took time to find her rhythm against her Swiss opponent but, when her trademark backhand finally clicked, she dominated to take a place in the last eight.
The top United Nations envoy for Iraq has returned to Baghdad this week and is meeting with a wide spectrum of Iraqi political leaders and actors to see how theworld body 
A new report says that external attackers have overtaken insiders as the most likely cyber threat to remote-controlled factory equipment. 
Variety - NEW YORK -- Shares in Sirius Satellite Radio surged for a second day as investors flocked to the satcaster in the wake of the Howard Stern deal.
Reuters - About 100 people were taken to a hospital\in the Egyptian border resort of Taba on Thursday after a huge\blast tore through an Egyptian hotel, a hospital source said.
Massachusetts leads the nation in the use of generic drugs, with 51 percent of its prescriptions written for the cheaper, non-brand medications, according to a survey.
About 740,000 Afghans who fled violence and repression at home are expected to vote in Saturday's election.
Apparently lifeless towns like Haswah, a chronic site of insurgency, may typify what control US-Iraqi forces can achieve.
The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in Oxfordshire in southern England is to receive a further 120m of funding.
Speculation grows ahead of Friday's announcement of the 2004 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize.
The Council of Europe says human rights in Chechnya are "catastrophic" - not the view of the region's president.
Afghan and American troops seal off the diplomatic district in  Kabul after a rocket explodes in the area.
Continuing their (exponential?) company growth, Google has introduced another service, this time, aimed at the mobile phone generation.
A federal judge in Brooklyn said Thursday that the former Computer Associates CEO can leave the country to attend a computer conference in France.
Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the insecurity even in the heart of the capital.
AP - Boston Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon is having a recurrence of migraine headaches that first bothered him after a collision in last year's playoffs.
AP - This time, Aaron Rodgers is determined to finish what he starts against top-ranked USC.
Device will eventually let people download sample games at stores, as well as game data included in films at movie theaters.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Unilever is shutting its Birds Eye factory in Grimsby with the loss of 600 jobs as part of an attempt by the consumer goods giant to revive its struggling frozen food arm.
Leading web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world #39;s largest publishing show on Thursday that will provide a new avenue for sales.
The music industry is to sue 28 people in London and the South-east alleged to have illegally swapped music over the internet, mimicking tough legal action in the United 
More than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media producers, and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA).
The notion that young people should be seen, and not heard, has never caught on within the Twins organization. Not in Spring Training.
The Australian Council of Super Investors was one group that had urged News Corp to include major provisions of Australian corporate law in its proposed new US constitution in order to protect Australian shareholders.
Google has launched a beta test to let US mobile phone and handheld device users tap into its search results via the short message service (SMS) platform.
Australian golfer Peter Lonard is tied for second after the opening round of the Links Championship event at St Andrews, Scotland.
Suicide bombers, booby-trapped cars or a gas leak; by midnight it was still impossible to get confirmed information from official Egyptian sources.
Egyptian government spokesman Magdy Rady linked to the Israeli military operation against the Palestinians in the neighboring Gaza Strip, where 84 Palestinians have been killed in an Israeli offensive that began on Sept.
Graeme McDowell, another great talent from the Walker Cup crop of 1999-01, equalled the course record yesterday and so took the lead in the Dunhill Links Championship.
Batteries not included, Sopranos not recordable
Cabinet minister Patricia Hewitt says the entire Cabinet is sorry for the failings in intelligence used to justify the war in Iraq.
Insurgents fired two rockets into the Ishtar Sheraton Hotel in central Baghdad, setting rooms ablaze and forcing an evacuation.
Judith Miller was held in contempt after she refused to divulge sources to prosecutors investigating the leak of an undercover C.I.A. officer's identity.
BANGALORE: With global information group Reuters launching its data centre operations in Bangalore, journalism is being given a new spin.
Company also will slash value of its assets by \$11.4 billion. Moves are prompted by plan to retreat from traditional consumer telephone business.
The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International, a global accounting cooperative based in Switzerland, have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice growing 
Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Thursday that future revisions to the US tax code would likely feature more write-offs to capital purchases by businesses.
US telecom giant AT and T will shrink even further, announcing on Thursday it would cut 20 percent of its workforce in 2004 and take an \$US11.
Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, a day following a clubhouse confrontation between the outfielder and a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
AP - Phil Garner insisted bringing in Brad Lidge in the seventh inning was business as usual. For the Houston closer, the result was quite unusual.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
The forecasts had predicted rain throughout the weekend here at Suzuka and so far, they havent lied!
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
Along with Spa, the Japanese circuit is one of the toughest of the year. The drivers cannot afford the slightest mistake but can make a real difference.
\$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.
This winter, rising oil prices will translate into higher heating bills for households.
The company said most cuts would come in its network operations division, where work has become increasingly automated, and in the customer service group.
Employees at US Airways, Delta and United are facing the stark realization that the security they hoped their jobs would provide is being taken away.
The American and Belgian arms of KPMG International have agreed to pay \$115 million to settle claims of accounting malpractice.
The Bank of America Corporation said yesterday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its ranks, beginning this month, as it simplifies operations.
Phil Garner insisted bringing in Brad Lidge in the seventh inning was business as usual. For the Houston closer, the result was quite unusual.
Beneath the sparkling five-star tourist sheen of Taba lies a richly historical region that is littered with memories of failed Middle East peace processes.
AP - Entomologists at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville say a rare breed of hornet known as the European hornet is breeding for the first time in northwest Arkansas.
Disappointing retail sales and oil prices that threatened to top \$53 per barrel sent stocks lower Thursday as investors worried that rising energy costs could further hamper consumer spending.
US Airways lawyers told a federal bankruptcy judge here Thursday that the carrier can #39;t afford to maintain its current pension plans.
Asian stocks fell as a fourth weekly gain in oil prices increased concern that record fuel costs will stifle consumer spending. Sony Corp.
The US space agency NASA says one of its two rovers on Mars has found possible fresh evidence that liquid water existed there in the past.
Microsoft is making a major push into the entertainment world with the launch this week of its Portable Media Center platform. The software, which will be available first on a device from Creative, allows 
In the wake of the browser wars of the late 1990s, Microsofts Internet Explorer has reigned supreme - at least in the PC market.
Border Patrol agents and other federal law enforcement officers can now simultaneously search through two federal fingerprint databases to see if aliens crossing illegally into the United States are wanted by authorities.
Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley and Los Angeles Times reporter Jason Reid, who engaged in a clubhouse altercation after Wednesday #39;s workout, met before Game 2 on Thursday night.
US Airways Group Inc. attorneys and executives acknowledged in bankruptcy court Thursday that bookings had fallen more steeply than they had anticipated in reaction to their Chapter 11 filing last month.
Three explosions shook three Egyptian Sinai resorts popular with vacationing Israelis, killing at least 30 people and wounding 100.
BRUSSELS: Record high oil price pose the biggest threat to the global economic recovery, the European Central Bank said yesterday as it left its key interest rate unchanged at 2 per cent.
AT amp;T Corp. said it would restructure its business, cutting 20 percent of its jobs and writing down the value of its network by \$11.
Sun Microsystems has settled a patent suit brought by Eastman Kodak relating to Java software, agreeing to license Kodak #39;s patents for US\$92 million.
A highly critical and unpatched security hole in Microsoft #39;s ubiquitous Word software could be used to launch a denial of service attack and give system access.
 PITCHING: Braves left-hander Mike Hampton, already pitching with a bad knee, had to leave the game with one out in the seventh inning when his left forearm tightened.
Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus.
Reuters - Efforts to persuade aging\and ailing Norodom Sihanouk to reverse his decision to abdicate\the Cambodian throne mounted Friday.
AFP - Three years after the September 11 attacks on the United States changed the course of Afghanistan's history, the shattered nation votes Saturday in unprecedented presidential elections.
Making unlimited phone calls for a fixed monthly price has proven to be a key selling point for Internet phone services like Vonage and AT amp;T CallVantage.
Tokyo stocks fell Friday morning as investors sold banking issues after Japanese authorities began a criminal investigation into UFJ Holding Inc.
Google today launched a beta test version of Google SMS, this new service will allow US wireless users to query Google for almost any type of information.
The company is opening a technology center in France to showcase how mainframes can be used for back-office tasks such as account reconciliation and funds tracking.
Real Madrid defender Jonathan Woodgate has suffered a setback in his comeback from a thigh problem - which has kept him on the sidelines since April.
The latest personality to pile into the situation concerning the future, if any, of the British Grand Prix is former World Champion Nigel Mansell.
AP - John Thomson had a successful stint in the bullpen before Thursday's game and is on track to start for the Braves on Saturday in Game 3 of the division series against Houston.
Rafael Furcal could be in jail. Instead, he was at Turner Field on Thursday sparking an Atlanta Braves team desperate to avoid another October meltdown.
As Boston aims for a first-round playoff sweep over the Anaheim Angels on Friday at Fenway Park, the Red Sox are positively giddy.
The first week of training camp is not over and the Nets' best player, Jason Kidd, has sounded off twice.
Coach Eddie Jordan and guard Gilbert Arenas continue to work on strengthening their relationship as the team continues to work on mastering the Princeton offense.
Eleven and half years after his first international journey with the American squad, Brian McBride is heading back to El Salvador for a World Cup qualifying match at intimidating Estadio Cuscatlan.
Area companies may not have the budget to buy premium sports tickets or lease luxury suites to Washington's new baseball team.
The international record industry announced Thursday that it is planning to file lawsuits against individuals who are sharing files, especially music, over the Internet.
There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. Its maintained is position for the past year.
Addis Ababa - Ethiopian campaigners pressed British Prime Minister Tony Blair to return sacred Ethiopian objects and ancient artefacts that were looted by British troops more than a century ago.
One precaution TV icon Martha Stewart must take when serving her sentence at the Alderson, West Virginia, prison is refrain from doing any business.
A little over a month ago in Munich, when it was too late to make the team, Graeme McDowell scored a 62 on the final day of Ryder Cup qualifying.
Big Blue says it has improved the processor of its JS20 blade servers and now sells them with its AIX version of Unix.
The family of a Briton found dead in Sweden are trying to get the inquiry into his death re-opened.
Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iraq that must be brought under control before elections.
A reporter for The New York Times was held in contempt of court for refusing to name her sources to prosecutors investigating the leak of the identity of a covert C.I.A. agent.
Allowing consumers to search the content of books online could shift the balance of power between companies that produce books and those that sell them.
The two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding evidence of past liquid water.
The New York Public Library focuses on Isaac Newton and the influence of his ideas in its thoughtful and engaging exhibition.
The government #39;s pension insurance agency yesterday called on Congress to strengthen its hand in seeking to attach assets of bankrupt companies to protect those companies #39; pension plan 
AP - Mike Matheny, Edgar Renteria and the St. Louis Cardinals can win with singles, doubles and triples, too.
Alvin Pearman ran for 104 yards, including two fourth-quarter touchdowns, and Virginia shut down Clemson after the opening 15 minutes in a convincing 30-10 victory Thursday night.
Harbhajan Singh conceded that India had an uphill task to get back in the game, but expressed his happiness at taking a five-wicket haul.
I think an English football manager must have a hell of a nerve to tell a man to give up his international career or risk losing his place in the club that pays him.
The announcement Thursday that King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia would abdicate his throne because of poor health has raised new uncertainties for a country with 
AP - Damion Carter came on in an emergency and saved Southern Mississippi's perfect start.
Even without hitting home runs, the St. Louis Cardinals' potent attack continued to pummel the Los Angeles Dodgers, 8-3, Thursday.
Yankees pitcher Kevin Brown was more animated than usual on the eve of the start that could turn his misguided September punch into an almost amusing memory.
As Boston aims for a first-round playoff sweep over the Anaheim Angels on Friday at Fenway, the Red Sox are positively giddy.
Virginia's win over Clemson would not have been possible without 239 rushing yards.
The overall defense is coming off as fine a performance as anyone could have expected as the Hokies prepare for their first-ever ACC road game against Wake Forest.
The Cardinals blasted their way to another 8-3 win over the Dodgers and head to Dodger Stadium with a 2-0 lead in the NL playoff series.
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia is focused both on life without Ms. Stewart and on life once she returns.
It was a rough September for many retailers battered by hurricanes on one side and rising fuel prices on the other, but American Eagle Outfitters Inc.
The following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the Canadian market. Stock symbols are in parentheses after company names.
One day before Martha Stewart is slated to enter prison, lawyers for the multimillionaire businesswoman continued to press her appeal, accusing the government of withholding 
Super Mario, Madden football and Tiger Woods golf highlight the opening array of games for the Nintendo DS portable gaming system, scheduled for launch on Nov. 21.
com October 7, 2004, 9:01 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Michael Clarke notched a century on his test debut and skipper Adam Gilchrist hit a blazing hundred yesterday as Australia took charge of the opening test against India.
The authorities announced a nationwide ban on all political and religious meetings except Friday prayers after a car bombing early yesterday in the central city of Multan killed 40 people and wounded at least 100.
Here it comes. You can feel the rumbling of anticipation now. Just two games into the American League playoffs, we already have a colossal collision coming into focus.
Following the footsteps of its American counterpart, Britain #39;s British Phonographic Industry announced it was bringing suit to 28 file-swappers.
SUZUKA (Japan) - Michael Schumacher led the wet Friday practice for the Japanese Grand Prix with teams casting a wary eye to the skies with a typhoon approaching.
Michael Clarke smashed a superb debut century to help Australia into a formidable position on the second day of the opening Test against India in Bangalore.
Australians vote in less than 24 hours to choose a new government with most key pointers suggesting the incumbent conservative coalition of Prime Minister John Howard will be returned.
THE US Federal Trade Commission has filed America #39;s first case against software companies accused of infecting computers with intrusive spyware and then trying to sell people the solution.
Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday.
A bomb explodes at the Indonesian embassy in Paris injuring up to 10 people including embassy staff.
An explosion struck the Indonesian Embassy in Paris on Friday, slightly wounding nine people, a French radio station reported.
Mike Matheny, Edgar Renteria and the St. Louis Cardinals can win with singles, doubles and triples, too. After tying a postseason record with five home runs 
A director of the Oracle Corporation testified that the company's \$7.7 billion hostile bid for PeopleSoft might not be the final offer.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission is preparing enforcement actions against the American, Philadelphia and National stock exchanges for failing to protect 
Fears that big-box stores would devastate independent retailers and suck the life out of Canada #39;s downtown main streets appear overblown.
A highly critical vulnerability has been discovered in Microsoft Word 2000 and 2002, an advisory from security advisory service Secunia says.
Theresa special bookcase in Al Grohs office completely full of game plans from his days in the NFL. Green ones are from the Jets.
The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain Thursday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
Search engine giant Google is going to make it easy for book lovers to search though pages of books online and read a few pages too.
Robert Pires and Sol Campbell have expressed their concern over alleged racist comments by Spain national team boss Luis Aragones about their Arsenal teammate Thierry Henry.
Kick-off for the 99th edition of the Red River Shootout is set for 11 am Saturday at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas. The game will be broadcast nationally by ABC.
A bomb has exploded in front of the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn today, injuring about 10 people lightly, French radio station Europe 1 reports.
United States has strongly condemned a car bomb attack in Multan city of Pakistan that killed more than 41 people and wounded 100 at a prayer vigil.
Asian and European leaders open their biennial summit with the EU promising new sanctions against Burma.
The US House of representatives on Thursday passed a new corporate tax bill designed to end the trade war with Europe but the bill gives more tax cuts for some business including farmers and big companies.
That was the verdict of Massachusetts lawmakers yesterday after BofA announced a fresh wave of 4,500 job cuts, including an estimated 140 in the Bay State.
Linx Printing Technologies says it is backing a 86 million pound takeover offer by US firm Danaher after a rival, lower, bidder withdrew.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The final monthly jobs report before the Nov. 2 presidential election will be released Friday at 8:30 am Eastern.
Fierce competition between giant aircraft makers, Boeing and Airbus, has been heating up. The US government and the European Union have both stepped in to boost their prospects.
World champion Michael Schumacher drove the quickest time in the first practice on Friday for Sunday #39;s Japanese Formula One Grand Prix in Suzuka.
LAS VEGAS, United States : Danny Ellis and Jason Bohn fired rounds of 63 to lead after the first round of the four million dollar PGA Michelin Championship.
The French government plans to install 1,000 businesses next year in China, declared French Junior Minister of Foreign Trade Francois Loos on Tuesday.
As US military officials and Samarra residents assessed the damage from a major weekend offensive to rid that city of guerrillas, insurgents took their campaign into the heart 
Reuters, the UK-based global information company for financial services, media and corporate markets, formally opened its new data centre in Bangalore on Thursday.
For a long, long time, November 2nd has been promoted as the biggest day of 2004. But that #39;s before October 9 fully came into focus.
A second man pleads guilty to sex offence charges against young girls on the Pacific island of Pitcairn.
Cambodia races to pass laws to decide the sucession after King Sihanouk's abdication announcement.
Public religious meetings are banned in Pakistan after Thursday's bomb explosion in Multan kills at least 40 people.
Investors sent stocks sharply lower yesterday as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks.
MINNEAPOLIS - While other retailers struggled with a sluggish back-to-school season, Target Corp. reported same-store sales well above the industry average.
AP - Derek Jeter turned a season that started with a terrible slump into one of the best in his accomplished 10-year career.
AP - This isn't the first time Terry Francona has come back to Fenway Park with a two-game lead in a playoff series.
The US National Weather Service #39;s Storm Prediction Center said Thursday that 173 tornadoes were reported in August and 247 in September.
Bangalore - Parthiv Patel and Irfan Pathan put on 60 for the seventh wicket to prop up India on the third morning of the first Test against Australia here on Friday.
The numbers keep coming up. Impressive numbers that should draw praise. Numbers like nine or more wins for eight straight seasons.
Oil prices broke into fresh record territory above \$52 on Thursday on heightened concerns over tight winter heating fuel supplies.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering whether to abandon an unpopular proposal that was designed in part to curtail improper mutual fund trading, according to a published report Thursday.
Last year, in the American League Division Series, the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in Game 1 at Yankee Stadium, then lost Game 2. The series shifted 
Under a treaty known as the Montreal Protocol, methyl bromide was to be banned for most uses by the end of this year.
BCS critics often vent frustration by omitting that middle letter. Not this time. It is needed. After Sunday, it #39;s clear what the C really signifies.
The annual cat show at Madison Square Garden, which begins on Friday, will include cloned kittens for the first time.
MontrealWith its stock in a tailspin and the prospect of cash-strapped US airlines bailing out on future jet orders, aerospace giant Bombardier Inc.
Microsoft Corp. has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.
But on that glorious day in May, 1963, Gordo Cooper went higher, farther, and faster than any other American. Twenty-two complete orbits around the world.
Boston couldn #39;t be more confident heading back to Fenway Park, looking to close out the once-hot Angels. By MARC TOPKIN, Times Staff Writer.
TechWeb - Symantec is warning PC users about a new Trojan horse that terminates adware on a person's computer, but also plays dirty tricks.
Baltimore Ravens Pro Bowl running back Jamal Lewis pleaded guilty yesterday in federal court in Atlanta to trying to set up a drug deal.
TechWeb - Gluecode Software is contributing what it says is the first open-source business process management engine to the Apache Software Foundation.
A SMALL device planted outside the Indonesian Embassy in Paris exploded early today, slightly injuring nine people, including four embassy workers, authorities said.
Friday marks the beginning of the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) in Hanoi, where themes such as terrorism and trade will be discussed.
Militants fired rockets at a hotel housing foreigners in the heart of Baghdad last night, causing minor damage, while US officials said two American soldiers 
TechWeb - Among the new features is support for IBM's Virtualization Engine, a slice-and-dice technology that splits processors into as many as 10 virtual CPUs.
TechWeb - The  #36;99.95 software stores Outlook e-mail, calendar and contacts, Internet Explorer favorites and browsing history, among other data.
1,440 of them in Montreal -- as it slows the production rate of its 50-seat Canadair regional jet to face the realities of the struggling US airline industry.
ATI Technologies Inc. saw revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter jump 50 as the Canadian computer graphics chip maker inched closer to eclipsing chief rival Nvidia Corp.
They haven't hit the way they can, or pitched the way they should, or executed fundamentals the way good teams are expected to in October.
The Connecticut Sun have the  quot;Tasmanian Devil quot; on their side as they enter the WNBA Finals tonight.
Babson College field hockey player Elise Conley of Shrewsbury, who suffered a facial injury last season that required her to wear a protective mask, has come back in a big way this fall.
The tricky thing about being the team to watch is it's impossible to stay that way for long. Either you become an also-ran or you turn into the team to beat.
This is the last big weekend for prep races before the Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Oct. 30, and the 2-year-olds will take center stage.
Jeff Weaver supposedly was a changed man since leaving the Bronx, but New Yorkers surely recognized who was on the mound for the Dodgers last night: good ol #39; Mr.
and admitted it felt like  quot;blasphemy quot;. Just like Tiger Woods at the 2000 Open, the Ulsterman kept out of every 
At least 22 people have been killed in back-to-back bombings in Egyptian resorts packed with Israeli tourists, and Israel says it appears to be the work of al Qaeda.
Security was tightened around Paris today after a bomb exploded outside the Indonesian Embassy, slightly injuring nine people. French Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin said a rigged package exploded 
At least 21 people are killed after a series of explosions at Egyptian resorts popular with Israeli tourists.
BANGKOK: The global treaty regulating trade in threatened wildlife moved to protect ramin, the Asian hardwood whose forests and their inhabitants have been devastated by rampant commercial logging.
A UN panel is given three months to establish whether genocide is taking place in Darfur in western Sudan.
Games guru Peter Molyneux says he felt a duty to explain why some features are missing in his latest title.
Report finds retailers suffer fourth month of tepid sales as job security issues, gas prices and food bills scare consumers. By Anne D #39;Innocenzio.
PC World - Intel-based PCs are shipping now and AMD systems with the technology are on the way.
In an out of court settlement, Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Kodak \$92 million to settle the long running patent case involving Java technology.
A security company warned on Thursday that a flaw in Microsoft Office could allow a denial-of-service attack to be executed on systems running somewhat older versions of the popular productivity suite.
Sprint PCS today made the first moves toward turning its popular Picture Mail service from a mere novelty to a full-fledged digital photography solution.
At least 21 people were killed and 122 injured at a series of bombings at two Egyptian resorts on the Sinai Peninsula coast that caused a 10-storey segment of a Hilton hotel to collapse.
AP - Underwater archaeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.
The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in England is to receive a further 120m of funding.
Electro-shock therapy is being tested as a way of saving some of the world's endangered corals.
Dodgers owner says he #39;s not upset about player #39;s heated exchange with Times writer nor does he consider it a serious blowup.
Intel-based PCs are shipping now and AMD systems with the technology are on the way.
Sun Microsystems has settled a patent suit brought by Eastman Kodak relating to Java software, agreeing to license Kodak #39;s patents for \$92m.
Speculation on who will win the Nobel Peace Prize has been hotly focused on the battle against one of the great threats to world peace: weapons of mass destruction.
A five-member panel to investigate whether genocide has taken place in Darfur has been appointed by United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan.
TheDeal.com - The two agencies are coordinating their reviews of Cingular Wireless' purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
TheDeal.com - A long and winding road runs from Joseph Fletcher to Craig Conway.
Reuters - Glenn McGrath finished with four wickets as Australia quashed Indian hopes of a fightback by establishing a big first-innings lead in the first test on Friday.
Kenya's Wangari Maathai wins this year Nobel Peace Prize, the first African woman to do so.
The House last night passed the most sweeping rewrite of corporate tax law in nearly two decades, a measure designed to end a nasty trade war with Europe and shower \$136 
AP - The Tennessee Titans are doing a great job of holding onto the ball. Now, they have to find a way to get into the end zone.
Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize to Kenyan Wangari Maathai for her contributions to sustainable development, democracy and peace.
The Africa Commissions motto is to find out means to develop Africa and explain the cause of continents poor growth in the past.
Crude oil fell after reaching a record \$53 a barrel in New York yesterday on speculation global output may provide US refiners with enough supply to meet winter needs.
MILAN - The bankrupt Italian food group Parmalat said its special administrator Enrico Bondi has filed a US lawsuit against Bank of America.
The decision comes on top of 12,500 job cuts that the bank initially said it would eliminate during the merger. The bank #39;s move drew fire from two Massachusetts 
ATI saw its income almost triple during its most recently completed fiscal quarter, Q4 2004, the company said yesterday after announcing record results.
EARLIER WE TOLD YOU about Microsoft #39;s launch of Media Center 2005 at retail, but there is another surprise MS announcement coming a little later on.
Going in, this looks like a big weekend for the nation #39;s best two teams. The question is, will it look that way by Saturday night?
A bomb went off outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris early Friday, injuring nine people. The blast came on the heels of a deadly bombing at an Egyptian resort hotel.
Monday #39;s triumphant second flight of SpaceShipOne is a perfect example of private business taking up where government left off and improving an idea.
No matter where he happens to fall in the rotation, and he admits he has slipped a spot, Pedro Martinez insists he still is No. 1 on the day he pitches.
Israel #39;s fire chief complained of insufficient cooperation from Egypt on Friday in rescue efforts at an Egyptian Red Sea resort hotel, torn apart by a bomb blast.
KABUL, Afghanistan More than 100-thousand Afghan and foreign security forces are on high alert the day before the country #39;s first direct presidential election.
The language used by Mr Weisglass can hardly fail to embarrass even a US President as friendly to Israel as George Bush, who remains at least theoretically committed to the road 
Google has launched a beta test version of a text service that allows people to use mobile phones to search the Web via text messages.
AP - The 10 most endangered national wildlife refuges as chosen by the environmental group Defenders of Wildlife, and reasons cited by the group:
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 34&lt;/strong&gt; Place your bets
'Significantly exceeds previously estimated workforce-reduction target'
The web will be more interactive and will use tools to mine its vast pool of data, say experts.
AP - Previous winners of the Nobel Peace Prize who were from Africa.
AFP - Rockets rained on cities and military outposts across Afghanistan as the war-weary nation prepared to go to the polls in Saturday's historic presidential elections.
A drug now used to treat breast cancer could help men with advanced prostate cancer live longer, say scientists.
The job cuts are a part of the company #39;s efforts to shift its focus to business services and cut costs amid the competitive long-distance telephone services market.
US consumer confidence hasdropped to its lowest levels since the middle of the northern summer amid worries about high energy prices, uncertainty about the labor market and anxiety 
Siemens Communications has agreed to integrate Flarion Technologies #39; FLASH-OFDM technology into its portfolio of mobile broadband solutions.
Top seed Lleyton Hewitt will take on Jiri Novak in the semi-finals of the Japan Open after sealing a 7-5 6-1 victory over Cyril Saulnier.
Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, going 2 for 3 with a home run, double and walk in an 8-3 loss to St.
Look, Ma, no hands! The U.S. space agency's latest spacecraft can run an entire mission by itself. By Amit Asaravala.
Three programming geeks use monsters and metaphors to turn the Sci Fi Channel into the best little horror house in the movie business. By Gary Wolf from Wired magazine.
Internet search engine Google has announced Google Print, a new book search service at the Frankfurt Book Fair. Google has already secured deals with major publishers, including Oxford University Press.
Qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix scheduled for Saturday was postponed Friday because a typhoon was approaching the area. Race organizers and Formula One moved pre-qualifying and 
While people out here debate the importance of Saturday #39;s Cal-USC game -- Biggest West Coast game in a decade? Biggest Cal game in school history?
Caviar prices are set to rise after major producers of the luxury sturgeon roe delicacy agree to slash exports.
INTERNET search firm Google is testing a new service in the US which allows people to use mobile phones to tap into its web search engine via text messages.
A string of bombs hit a resort and a campground popular with Israelis in Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula at the end of a Jewish holiday killing at least 19 people.
Kenyan Deputy Environment Minister Wangari Muta Maathai has been named winner of the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize, beating a number of much better known world names to the prestigious award.
A rocket attack caused a loud blast near the US Embassy in the Afghan capital of Kabul early Friday, but no casualties were reported.
The longer-term solvency of the US fund that insures traditional pensions is at risk, the director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.
London - The piracy-battered music industry said on Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans as it intensifies its legal crackdown on Internet song-swappers.
A small package bomb has exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering nearby windows, but officials said they had no leads about the motive.
SYDNEY -- On one side is the incumbent, a conservative career politician who steadfastly defends his decision to send troops to Iraq.
Reuters - General Electric Co.  on Friday\reported higher third-quarter earnings as strength across many\of its financial and industrial businesses outweighed\hurricane-related insurance losses.
Reuters - Shares of General Electric Co. \fell slightly before the bell on Friday after the industrial\conglomerate said quarterly earnings rose.
Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will eliminate 4,500 more jobs as it absorbs the operations of FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Eighteen Democratic state senators say the Romney administration must gain legislative approval before moving ahead with a proposal to change the way high-risk drivers are apportioned among auto insurance companies in Massachusetts.
The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain yesterday as the nationrsquos largest retailers reported they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
Tokyo stocks dipped Friday as investors sold bank shares after Japanese authorities began a criminal investigation into UFJ Holding Inc.
A bomb explosion outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris slightly injured nine people today, authorities said, in the first terror attack to strike the French capital in years.
The US has a new head of cyber security, a week after his predecessor suddenly resigned.
The UK government is checking unconfirmed reports that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed in Iraq.
Saturday's qualifying session for the Japan GP is postponed because of a typhoon.
Tony Blair arrives back in Britain from Africa after saying the continent should be the top priority for a new EU battle force.
The two main contenders in Australia's federal election make their final pitches before Saturday's poll.
\A plant whose bloom produces an incredible smell has finally flowered in Sydney.
New York's Health Department called its oversight of day care centers a bureaucratic maze riddled with problems that spell potential dangers for children.
TORONTO (CP) - Early stock market indicators turned positive Friday as oil-price pressure eased, General Electric posted robust earnings and Canada reported employment growth.
Computer Associates (CA) has introduced a usage-based pricing and licensing model for its mainframe management products. The model bases licensing costs on measured system usage rather than total potential 
Manchester United have condemned the disruption of a reserve team match on Thursday by protestors opposed to the potential takeover of the club by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Former France playmaker Zinedine Zidane has been making the most of his new-found freedom since retiring from international football.
Another cyberczar has resigned, and CNET News.com's Charles Cooper wonders why nobody in government seems particularly concerned.
German engineering and manufacturing giant Siemens AG is adding another broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
Reuters - Peyton Manning threw three touchdown\passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the\Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24\Sunday.
By BEN DOBBIN    ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) -- Eastman Kodak Co...
U.S. employers probably increased their hiring slightly in September, economists said in advance of jobs figures being released this morning.
The results matched the consensus estimate of 38 cents per share with health care and transportation among the businesses with a jump in orders.
Oil retreated in Asian trade today, but players in the market remained edgy about tight supplies heading into North America's winter heating season.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts today said it has been informed by the S.E.C. that the agency's investigation of the company has become a formal probe.
Standard Chartered has won a controlling stake in Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank with a bid of \$305 million (170 million pounds), gaining 
Sun Microsystems has entered into a formal agreement with the Eastman Kodak Company to settle all claims in pending litigation regarding a software architecture based on the Java computer language.
THE international record industry has escalated its fight against music piracy, announcing it will file hundreds of lawsuits across Europe against individuals and groups accused of illegally sharing music via the internet.
World number three Lleyton Hewitt has booked his place in the semi-final of the Japan Open with a straight sets win over Frenchman Cyril Saulnier.
 #39;Midland F1 #39; will put two Dallara-built cars on the Formula One grid in 2006, it was announced on Friday. Official website F1.
auloises Fortuna Yamaha rider Valentino Rossi rode his Yamaha YZR-M1 to third place in today #39;s provisional qualifying order at Sepang.
Scotland manager Berti Vogts believes he will still be able to field a strong team against Norway, despite a series of call-offs due to injury or illness.
Cambodia #39;s King Norodom Sihanouk announced his abdication while in self-imposed exile in Beijing, plunging the country Thursday into renewed political turmoil.
(CBS/AP) The Labor Department said Friday that employers #39; payrolls increased by 96,000 overall in September while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.4 percent.
Bank of America Corp. has said it #39;s bringing more jobs to the New York area. But first, some existing employees apparently will be tossed overboard.
An unpatched security vulnerability in popular older versions of Microsoft Word poses a severe threat to users, security reporting firm Secunia warned yesterday.
The Football Association is to introduce a test for the banned drug erthropoietin (EPO) in response to drug claims by Arsenal #39;s Arsene Wenger.
UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open lower on  Friday after a government report showed weaker-than-expected  job growth in September.
The US created 96,000 jobs in September, a slowdown from the previous month, in the last major figures before November's election.
US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart begins a five-month prison term for lying about her investments.
AP - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home Friday from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula after car bombs ripped through two Egyptian beach resorts crowded with Israeli visitors.
Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday launched a legal challenge against Parmalat #39;s restructuring plan, hitting back after the bankrupt food group 
The Football Association announced today they will introduce a test for the banned drug erythropoietin (EPO)  #39;in the near future #39;.
British hostage Ken Bigley was beheaded near Baghdad on Thursday afternoon, insurgent sources in the rebel-held town of Falluja said on Friday.
Both companies plan to start offering the super-speedy, cost-effective wireless technology as soon as possible.
Typhoon Ma-on is due to hit Suzuka in the next few hours and the race organisers have decided to cancel Saturdays two free practice sessions and qualifying as a result. What a weekend
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Thursday are publishing a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
The European Union rejected the unilateral termination #39; #39; by the US of a 1992 accord that sets limits on government subsidies for Boeing Co.
Google Print, Google Print, Argh Argh Argh! Since I got back from Web Search University I have been buried in sites and resources to review.
The US House of Representatives passed a second spyware bill on Thursday adding more teeth to a previously passed spyware bill that included fines for offenders.
Thursday, Sept 16: Kenneth Bigley and two Americans - Jack Hensley and Eugene Armstrong - are seized by militants in a dawn raid in the wealthy Al-Mansour district of Baghdad.
PARIS -- An explosion struck the Indonesian Embassy in Paris today, slightly injuring nine people, a French radio station reported.
Sun Microsystems Inc. has agreed to pay US\$92 million to settle a software patent lawsuit brought against it by Eastman Kodak Co., Sun announced Thursday.
Sven-Goran Eriksson today admitted he is considering deploying a three-man attack against Wales in tomorrows World Cup qualifier.
AFP - Hosts India braced themselves for a harrowing chase on a wearing wicket in the first Test after Australia declined to enforce the follow-on here.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has opened an investigation into Krispy Kreme, the company announced Friday.
The Russian government delays a decision on whether to revoke Yukos' Siberian oil licences by three months.
Forget the bulls. Ignore the bears. The week ahead was made for wolves, hogs, and forgetful elephants.
Unlike major movie chains, many Broadway theaters have lagged behind (pun intended) when it comes to the most basic of audience amenities: their seats.
Diversification is usually a road to mediocrity for small companies. The truly great ones stay focused.
\Fifty mini-satellites are to be sent into space in 2007 to celebrate the launch of the first ever satellite Sputnik 1.
Short-term interest rate futures jumped on Friday after US jobs growth for September was reported below expectations, suggesting the Federal Reserve could slow down its program of rate increases.
And a report about why the next place for travelers could be out of this world. How would you like to take a rocket ship into space?
A group calling itself the Midland Group has joined forces with chassis maker Dallara to become the first new team to enter the sport since Toyota began competing in 2002.
Australia is in a commanding position at stumps on day three of the first cricket Test against India in Bangalore, despite a late fightback from the home side.
TEN people were injured yesterday when a bomb exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris. Most of the victims, who included four embassy staff, were hit by flying glass.
Reported profit of \$44 million for third quarter over a loss of \$31 million a year ago and predicts 10 increase in sales for the 4th quarter.
TOKYO, Japan -- Tokyo stocks slipped for a second straight day Friday as tech issues such as Fujitsu, NEC and Kyocera lost ground.
General Electric is posting quarterly earnings in line with Wall Street expectations. The diversified manufacturer and financial services company says revenue rose 15 percent on higher 
Has recalled the power adapters due to a risk of overheating, which could lead to a fire or electrical shock. WASHINGTON: Dell Inc.
The US House of Representatives yesterday unanimously passed a bill that would make using spyware to snoop of the online activities of consumers a criminal offence.
MANHASSET, NY Siemens Communications said Friday (Oct. 8) it will develop wireless broadband products using Flash-OFDM technology from Flarion Technologies.
Socceroo goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer poses in front of a set of makeshift goal posts in the Solomon Islands. Photo: Tim Clayton. Australian coach Frank Farina last night admitted anything 
Manchester United condemned the fans who disrupted a reserve team game to protest a potential takeover of the club by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Dodgers are on the verge of being swept again, and this time it #39;s the bottom of the Cardinal order that does much of the damage.
BANGALORE, India : Hosts India braced themselves for a harrowing chase on a wearing wicket in the first Test after Australia declined to enforce the follow-on here.
Taliban fighters fired rockets in parts of Afghanistan on Friday, the eve of the first direct presidential election in the country.
British Airways is to raise its fuel surcharge as a result of the continuing increase in the price of oil.
A peace deal between rebel gangs in Nigeria helped drag the price of a barrel of oil back below \$50 in New York yesterday, giving a boost to the equity markets and pushing 
Google has developed Google SMS, a beta version of a service that is to enable users of mobile phones and other handheld devices to use its online search engine.
Socceroo goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer says fans should not expect Australia to rout the Solomon Islands in Saturday #39;s first leg of the Confederations Cup qualifiers.
A Kenyan environmental activist whose children graduated from Hobart and William Smith Colleges was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in Norway today.
The world is watching closely the outcome of an election campaign that has mostly dealt with bread-and-butter domestic issues, writes Tony Parkinson.
Leaders of an Asia-Europe grouping urged new member Myanmar on Friday to improve its rights record and pursue democratic reforms but a final statement is unlikely to call 
On Sept. 29th Members of the militant wing of Hamas fired a Qassam rocket across the Gaza border into the Israeli town of Sederot killing two small children.
A bill to let General  Musharraf stay as both Pakistani president and army chief  goes before parliament.
&lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Transylvania: the spine-tingling truth
washingtonpost.com - Google is already viewed by many as the king of search engines, but the newly public company is continuing to launch new services to keep its crown safe from competitors.
PC World - Certain adapters may pose a risk of fire or electrical shock.
PC World - Hard-drive based digital audio player will be available by the end of the year.
The Taiwan-made AC adapters sold with Dell notebooks can overheat, posing risk of fire and electrical shock.
Optical storage format had been highly anticipated in 2001, but never made it to market.
Afghan forces in the southern city of Kandahar say they have foiled a truck bomb that could  have killed hundreds.
The Financial Services Agency filed a criminal complaint Thursday against UFJ Bank and three former bank executives for interfering in an inspection last autumn.
A plausible public commitment to pursue low inflation coupled with central bank autonomy make monetary policy more effective, Federal Reserve Governor Ben Bernanke said on Friday.
LOS ANGELES NASA #39;s Mars rovers continue to perform, working three times longer than their designed lives and prompting controllers to give them additional chores.
Midland Group, a privately-owned international trading and investment organisation, has announced its involvement in Formula One racing, but is not buying the Jaguar team.
CANADIAN Prime Minister Paul Martin yesterday headed off a no-confidence vote that could have brought down his Government, but immediately sailed into a new row over a stricken submarine.
An unpatched security vulnerability in popular older versions of Microsoft Word poses a severe threat to users, security reporting firm Secunia warned yesterday.\
AFP - The United States posted disappointingly weak jobs growth in September, adding firepower to a pre-election Democratic assault on President George W. Bush's record.
Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in San Antonio, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force.
Weaker-than-expected jobs growth in September has stocks searching for direction. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 15 points in today #39;s early going.
The twin rovers on Mars - now reviving having survived the freezing depths of Martian winter - have found new signs that water was once plentiful on Mars.
Karam Abu Najib (center, 14) and friends brandishing some of the exploded bottles used in their deadly game with the Israeli military.
Commercial bank North Fork Bancorp Inc. said Friday that it agreed to sell manufactured housing finance unit GreenPoint Credit LLC to Green Tree Servicing LLC.
Europe #39;s Ryder Cup players continued to bask in the glow of their victory over the United States as David Howell and Luke Donald climbed to the top 
UK government officials said they were seeking to corroborate reports by Abu Dhabi television that British hostage Kenneth Bigley has been killed.
The graphics chipmaker is optimistic about the future, but competitors aren't standing still.
Drugmaker Alpharma Inc. on Friday said it launched its generic version of Pfizer Inc. #39;s Neurontin for the treatment of epilepsy.
British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul flight tickets because of rising oil prices.
Kodak and Sun Microsystems have reached a settlement in their patent dispute over Java technology, with Sun agreeing to fork over \$92 million to settle the suit.
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission has announced a voluntary recall of 990,000 AC adapters distributed by Round Rock-based Dell Inc.
Most large US banks appear poised to post higher third-quarter profits, but may struggle to post big gains as sluggish commercial lending and weak stock trading 
The US House has approved a \$136 billion corporate tax cut package, but the measure faces hurdles to passage in the Senate. The overall bill is aimed at repealing a corporate 
US payrolls grew by just 96,000 workers in September, the government said on Friday in a surprisingly weak report that will sharpen criticism of President 
Flash memory remained profitable for AMD, but declined sharply from the previous quarter due to inventory adjustments at cell phone manufacturers.
German telecommunications gear maker Siemens is backing a new kind of broadband wireless technology that will compete with Wi-Fi and 3G cellular services.
Mount St. Helens #39; recent eruption may be replaying a scene straight from the geochemical drama that led to life on Earth. Besides ash and lava, most volcanoes 
Frank Lampard is backing Englands three-pronged attack to put the frighteners on Wales in Saturdays World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
Wangari Maathai of Kenya became the first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize for her work to promote democracy, protect the environment and improve social conditions.
AP - The federal government will begin poisoning prairie dogs in southwestern South Dakota next week after reaching a deal with conservationists designed to protect the endangered black-footed ferret.
SPACE.com - A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before \  it begins.
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) bans all commercial sales of the rare Asian Irrawaddy dolphin.
Scientists release a first draft of the bovine genome - a run through of the genetic code that describes a cow.
Indian Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram seeks to allay foreign investor fears over the influence of communist parties on his government.
A banned substance is found in the horse of Ireland's Olympic show jumping champion Cian O'Connor.
The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.4 percent. The figures are expected to sharpen a presidential debate on domestic policy set for tonight.
Lawrence Ellison, Oracle's chief executive, said the company could lower the \$21-a-share bid Oracle is offering for rival PeopleSoft.
Oil prices held near record highs today even though oil unions in OPEC member Nigeria said a two-day wildcat strike would pass without any impact on exports.
PARIS The parent company of European aircraft maker Airbus has proposed splitting a contested US Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival, Chicago-based Boeing.
No sweat, says the new CEO, who's imported from IBM. He also knows this will be the challenge of a lifetime.
Every online gambling site is paying extortion, says Alan Paller of the SANS Institute.
The company teams up with Flarion, which makes a new kind of wireless technology that competes with Wi-Fi and 3G cellular.
Google has launched a search service for mobile devices, based on the SMS (short messaging service) protocol. Users can perform searches for phone numbers, dictionary definitions and product 
Thirtynine leaders from Asia and Europe yesterday began informal talks on issues on trade, security threats and terrorism, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction 
Microsoft Corp. is investigating a reported vulnerability in its ASP.Net that could allow an attacker to bypass security features on a Web server and view sensitive content, the company said Thursday.
The SANS Institute identifies the top 20 Internet vulnerabilities of the year.
AFP - Nearly 60 percent of computer networks in Chinese offices, including those in the national defence department and the government, have been hit by Internet viruses or attacks, reported state media.
Computer giant Dell is recalling 4.4 million laptop power adapters in response to worries that they could dangerously overheat. 
A sticky substance from the skin of frogs could be used to repair human knee joints, scientists believe.
A fired NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying space shuttle inspection reports pleaded not guilty to 166 criminal charges on Friday and a trial was tentatively set for Dec. 1.
Google has launched a beta test of a new service that allows mobile users to access its database from their handsets using short message service.
As the program name suggests, Computer Associates #39; new Measured Workload Pricing bases licensing costs on how much the system is sued rather than on total potential hardware capability.
CANADIAN prime minister Paul Martin and top navy chiefs are backing Barrow shipyard after pressure mounted for Britain to be sued over the submarine tragedy.
AFP - At least 54 people have died and more than a million have fled their homes as torrential rains lashed parts of India and Bangladesh, officials said.
A US judge has dismissed the racketeering case against media tycoon Lord Black brought by Hollinger International.
As it moves ahead with a variety of initiatives, investors may want to be cautious about the search specialist.
General Electric today reported third-quarter earnings of \$4.051 billion, an increase of 1 percent from the same quarter last year.
A host of companies led by Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
ADAM GILCHRIST has learned from history and has India cornered as Australia took wobbly steps towards a watershed Test win yesterday.
The adoption of a specific numerical target for inflation would likely do little to improve monetary policy in the United States and could hurt, Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Roger Ferguson said on Friday.
David Howell further justified his selection by readaBet on the second day of the Dunhill Links Championship and now holds a one-stroke lead after posting a 65 at St.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt rallied on Friday  as a weak employment report revived talk the Federal Reserve  might slow the pace of interest rate increases.
Martha Stewart beat the news media trailing her every move at their own game today by announcing herself that she had checked into prison in West Virginia.
The Dow Jones industrial average is down 34 points at ten-thousand-91. Gainers on the New York Stock Exchange hold a four-to-three lead over losers.
LOS ANGELES -- One of NASA #39;s Mars rovers has found a rock that could provide new evidence that water once existed on the red planet.
Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his 
SUZUKA, Japan - Qualifying for this weekend #39;s Japanese Grand Prix on the Formula One racing tour is rescheduled because of a typhoon forecast.
Robin Soderling of Sweden beat fourth-seeded countryman Joachim Johansson 6-3, 6-4 in a quarterfinal match Friday at the Lyon Open.
US authorities issued a court order on October 7 to Rackspace to physically remove Global Indymedia servers in the US and UK. The agency requesting the seizure was the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
John Howard, Australias three-term prime minister, tomorrow faces what promises to be one of the closest elections in his nations history.
The company reports double-digit growth in eight out of 11 business units.
Pennies make the difference as the teams sell products on a shopping channel.
One of these days AMD's going to take a bite out of Intel and not let go.
More than 100,000 Afghan and foreign security forces were on high alert Friday, the day before the country's first direct presidential election after more than two decades of war.
With its shipments jumping last year, the company is no longer playing the role of bottom-feeder in the disk drive industry.
Big Blue adds features, beefs up training efforts in China; rival Unisys debuts new line and pricing plan.
Dell says that millions of notebook power adapters could put users at risk. Also: Office flaw could allow attacks.
In a lawsuit, the commission alleges that two companies engaged in unfair acts and practices with their marketing and software.
A Mac news site says iPods with digital cameras built in may be under Christmas trees this year.
com October 8, 2004, 10:52 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Word leaked out on Wednesday that the Internet search specialist will introduce Google Print, a service that enables users to search excerpts from books.
Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won in straight sets Friday to reach the Porsche Grand Prix semifinals in another step in their battle for the No.
Richard Jefferson promises to still be the first one in and the last one out every practice. This from a guy who has played more basketball than any NBA player over 
Fall foliage delights leaf-peeping tourists, but how does the change in color benefit trees? As scientists explain, there is a reason for the season.
Voters tend to forget most of what is said during U.S. presidential debates, but a few memorable moments endure.
British Airways and Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Atlantic Airways say they will raise fuel surcharges following similar moves by major European carriers this week as oil prices surged.
This could be due to Dell #39;s persistance of continually trying to make their products cheaper. Dell has recalled almost 1 million AC adapters that could start a fire.
For the second time in three days, the US House of Representatives has passed an anti-spyware bill, this time adding criminal penalties to tough civil provisions of legislation passed on Tuesday.
AP - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won in straight sets Friday to reach the Porsche Grand Prix semifinals in another step in their battle for the No. 1 ranking.
 INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps pulled out of the  400 meter individual medley at the short course world swimming  championships with a sore back Friday.
AFP - Canada condemned the deadly bombings of Egyptian resorts frequented by Israeli tourists, saying the attack was aimed at hurting cooperation between Egypt and Israel.
The PC card company is way off its peak, but the stock appears to be a risk rather than a value.
The hunt for teenage geeks who illegally download music has moved across the pond, blokes. Only this time, the culprits are a wee bit older.
A former NASA inspector pleaded not guilty this morning to falsifying safety checks on highly critical parts of shuttle Discovery.
America Online is planning to release its own standalone Web browser based on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer technology, according to sources familiar with the company #39;s plans.
Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be discplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
 The spacecraft #39;s test pilots do not wear spacesuits. The craft #39;s space-worthy cockpit is housed within a larger, similarly protective shell.
Six weeks after the Athens Olympics, the United States stands to pick up another gold medal -- thanks to an equestrian doping scandal.
The World Health Organization, UNICEF and other partners are launching a large-scale polio immunization campaign in 23 African countries.
AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Al Qaeda-linked militants in Iraq  beheaded a British hostage despite last-ditch secret appeals  from the government in London, Britain said on Friday.
One thing to remember about the playoffs is that it isn #39;t always the best team that wins, but the team that plays the best in October.
The family of Kenneth Bigley who was taken hostage in Iraq on Sept. 16 confirmed that the engineer has been killed by his captors.
Employers added 96,000 jobs to payrolls in September, the government announced Friday, a surprisingly weak total in the last report before the Nov. 2 election.
Investcorp SA, a private investment firm, has inked a \$350 million all-cash deal to buy 54 business publications put on the block by The Thomson Corp.
President George W. Bush on Friday condemned the attacks in Egypt that killed at least 28 people and offered help to the Egyptian government as it seeks those responsible.
Al Qaeda-linked militants in Iraq have beheaded a British hostage despite last-ditch secret appeals from the government. A Reuters journalist in Baghdad on Friday saw a video 
Action Performance Cos. Inc. Friday announced the resignation of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer R. David Martin effective immediately.
IBM on Friday expanded its blade-server portfolio with six new systems, new options for attached-disk drives, and improved power management.
AP - Armed men wounded one police officer at a refugee camp polling site in Pakistan, just hours before the Afghan refugees were to vote in their country's presidential election, police said Saturday.
Dow Jones Indexes finds large firms see Internet technology second only to growth in China when it comes to helping their business.\
Novell said today that its new Open Enterprise Server product will ship in February 2005, about two months later than the company had announced in March.
IT workers in the U.S. aren't happy about the state of the job market, according to a study released this week by New York-based staffing firm Hudson.
The Blue Bell, Pa.-based company said it will close some of its facilities and reduce its employee head count.
Computer giant Dell is to recall 4.4 million laptop power adapters because of a fear they could overheat, creating a risk of fire or electric shock.
Nintendo DS will hit the US market in late November with a price tag of \$150, and will have 14 game titles by the end of the year.
Oracle's \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft has been extended several times already and was set to expire today.
A small parcel bomb exploded outside the Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn on Friday, slightly injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials said they had no clues to the motive.
The SANS Institute today released its annual Top-20 list of Internet security vulnerabilities. The list is compiled from recommendations by leading security researchers and companies around the world.
Sun Microsystems Inc. will pay Eastman Kodak Co. \$92 million to license patents originally filed by Wang Laboratories, a former minicomputer maker in Lowell.
The NFL has suspended Baltimore running back Jamal Lewis for two games for using a cellphone to try to set up a drug deal. Lewis pleaded guilty Thursday and will be sentenced to four months 
AP - The Supreme Court was asked Friday to hold two Internet file-sharing services responsible for their customers' online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
African countries have announced a continent-wide plan to slash ivory trading in their domestic markets.
AP - The bombing at the Taba Hilton hotel in Egypt caused slight injuries to two American employees of the U.S. embassy in Israel and their families, the State Department said Friday.
The chief of the Organisation of American States, accused of corruption in Costa Rica, quits two weeks into the job.
A British mercenary who conspired to buy a fighter jet as part of a plot to kill a Colombian drugs baron is jailed.
AP - The Boston Red Sox took a 2-1 lead over the Anaheim Angels in the third inning of their AL playoff game Friday.
When Amit Yoran last week became the third cybersecurity chief to leave his post in less than two years, most folks barely noticed.
AFP - Chinese star center Yao Ming is excited about making a homecoming with his National Basketball Association(NBA) teammates next week when he and the Houston Rockets play two exhibitions against Sacramento.
AP - Former Toronto Blue Jays manager Carlos Tosca interviewed with the Mets on Friday, the first candidate brought in to discuss their managerial opening following the firing of Art Howe.
The first phase of the nationwide sit-at-home protest against the current increase in the prices of petroleum products will last four days -- Monday to Thursday.
Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis is suspended for two games by the NFL but will be available to face the Redskins Sunday.
It's still early, but it's not too hard to anticipate a showdown coming between the Yankees and Red Sox in the next round.
Chad says a US-Malaysian consortium is  failing to pay market rates in royalties for oil it extracts.
AP - Patrick Kerney had rather modest expectations when he went off to college.
Paul Menard won his first NASCAR Busch Series pole, edging Kasey Kahne by two-thirds of a second Friday at Kansas Speedway. Menard took the pole for the Mr.
A British national who was kidnapped along with two Americans was beheaded, his family said Friday, ending hopes that the family #39;s relentless fight for his release would work.
NATO diplomats approved on Friday a detailed outline of their plan to send around 300 military instructors to Iraq following talks with 
US Treasury Secretary John Snow paid his seventh visit of the year on Friday to the electoral battleground state of Ohio but said his trip had nothing to do with the the fast-approaching election.
Papers across Europe commented on the Iraq Survey Group #39;s confirmation that Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction and discussed Elfriede Jelinek winning the Nobel Prize for Literature.
The UN Security Council has adopted a Russian-sponsored resolution seeking to strengthen the international effort against terrorists.
The UN Security Council backs a Russian proposal to speed up the extradition of terrorist suspects.
John Kerry will assail President Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
When Tim Howes and a group of colleagues created the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol almost 15 years ago, he had no idea this quiet little front end to the more robust X.500 directory 
The WS-Management spec is part of the effort to improve Sun-Microsoft system interoperability. But IBM is taking a different road.
PARIS - Roy Keane #39;s return to the Irish team is not so much about what he can produce on the pitch, but what he can inspire in others.
Mack Brown and his most important supporters believe his tenure at Texas should not be defined by a four-game losing streak to Bob Stoops and the Oklahoma Sooners.
The Security Council unanimously passed a Russian-initiated antiterror resolution today that declares all intentional acts of violence against civilians unjustifiable 
Arsene Wenger has claimed that some of Arsenal #39;s overseas players could have used performance-enhancing drugs before they joined the club.
Dallas - A popular notion in sports circles is that Texas coach Mack Brown simply cannot, will not and should not survive yet another loss to Oklahoma.
No matter what happened in the AL division series against Boston, Anaheim manager Mike Scioscia said Friday the suspended left fielder wouldn #39;t play in the postseason.
Laoping writes  quot;News.com has a story about a new Web services management specification designed to simplify network administration across a wide range of devices.
Reuters - AT T Wireless has given U.S.\music fans the ability to purchase 99-cent songs using a mobile\phone.
EILAT (Israel) - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home yesterday, streaming into Eilat just across the border, after the deadly hotel bombing in Taba, Egypt.
Three explosions shook popular resorts on Egypts Sinai Peninsula, where Israelis were vacationing Thursday night at the close of a Jewish holiday, Egyptian officials and witnesses said.
Voters in Hungary went to the polls Sunday to decide a double referendum on citizenship rights and their nation #39;s health care system.
NLR is a consortium of 18 universities and research groups that are building the first nationwide optical network owned and operated by researchers.
India enjoyed their best day of the first Test here yesterday but still face defeat on a pitch that is starting to favour the spinners.
AP - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams says he misses football but would only play one more season if he returns to the NFL.
AP - Throughout his NBA career, Jonathan Bender has been slowed by injuries. As his Indiana Pacers teammates finished practice Friday, there he was again, just sitting and watching.
AP - Johan Santana is ready to start against the New York Yankees on short rest.
Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay by the N.F.L. for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
Former Toronto Blue Jays manager Carlos Tosca interviewed with the Mets on Friday, the first candidate brought in following the firing of Art Howe.
AP - Rafael Furcal will spend three weeks in a cramped, windowless jail filled with about 70 inmates when the postseason ends for the Atlanta Braves.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. responds to the NASCAR penalty that knocked him out of the Nextel Cup lead and says the punishment was too severe.
Drug makers failed to bounce back from a Thursday slide, with many drug stocks closing down Friday as drug giant Pfizer Inc. and generic drug challenger Alpharma Inc.
US SHARES fell on Friday, pressured by declines in the drugs and semiconductor sectors and by slower-than-expected US jobs growth.
THE BALCO Labs executive director accused of steroid distribution has asked a US federal court to drop charges against him because of procedural errors made at the time of his arrest.
A Kenyan environmentalist and human rights campaigner has been awarded the Nobel peace prize, becoming the first African woman to win the prestigious award since it was created in 1901.
Crude oil futures finished above 53 dollars a barrel Friday as traders were unsettled about winter fuel supplies in the United States and labor-government confrontation in Nigeria.
US employers added just 96,000 jobs in September, far fewer than analysts expected and a sign that the economic recovery remains weak.
Lord Black, former owner of The Daily Telegraph, won a temporary reprieve yesterday when a US judge dismissed a lawsuit by his former company, which was seeking \$1.
The PlayStation Portable is the talk of the town, after basking in the limelight at a recent game show. But despite all the hoopla, Sony Computer Entertainment Co.
Michael Phelps yesterday pulled out of the 400 metres individual medley at the short course world championships in Indianapolis with a sore back.
Surprise. Underdog. Cinderella story. The media is calling Kurt Busch a lot of things these days but the title he #39;d prefer is  #39;Champ.
Investor's Business Daily - InfoSpace is a rarity in this post-dot-bomb world: an Internet company with a healthy share price and bottom line.
Israeli and Egyptian officials searched for proof Friday to determine who had reduced a five-star hotel full of Israeli tourists to a pile of concrete and metal the night before 
Fulfilling the worst nightmares of a British family, kidnappers Friday released a video showing their beheading of Kenneth Bigley, a contractor seized from his Baghdad 
AP - A Texas Internet company said Friday it gave U.S. government officials the hard drives from a pair of its Web servers leased to online journalists and others.
The family of the British hostage Kenneth Bigley confirm that he has been killed by his captors in Iraq. 
The head of Balco, a US lab accused of supplying steroids to sport stars, asks a court to drop all charges.
SpaceShipOne #39;s successful flights did more than win \$10 million - they proved to the world that space is open for all humanity.
Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
AP - Comparison of some provisions in the House and Senate bills with the recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission:
Web services are becoming increasingly popular for linking software programs. Now, Microsoft and some other big companies are pitching the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to mobile phones.
A partial solar eclipse will occur on Thursday, and will be visible in northeast China, north of the Pacific Ocean, northwest of North America and part of the Arctic Ocean.
Description: We consider what might be ahead for the future of private space travel. Will the SpaceShipOne flight kick off a new era of space development?
World champion Michael Schumacher drove the quickest time in the first practice on October 8 for Sunday #39;s Japanese Formula One Grand Prix in Suzuka.
Orlando Hernandez on Wednesday was officially scratched from his Game Three start because of his tired right shoulder, but his replacement isn #39;t exactly healthy, either.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Witnesses say a ten-year-old girl was one of four Palestinians killed today by Israeli forces operating in the northern Gaza Strip.
A partial solar eclipse will take place next week, oddly ending the day before it begins. The eclipse will be visible, weather permitting, from northeastern portions of Asia, including all of Japan 
Colin Montgomerie yesterday applied for the job of captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team - by the simple expedient of not applying for it.
PC World - Cofounder reflects on company's first ten years at Web 2.0 Conference.
Computer Associates International Inc. will acquire Netegrity Inc. in a \$430 million cash deal that will merge the computer security software makers, the companies said Wednesday.
VENTURA, Calif. - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died.
A man accused of infecting computers with intrusive  quot;spyware quot; and then trying to sell people the solution has denied any wrongdoing.
San Francisco--At the closing session of the Web 2.0 Conference, Yahoo cofounder and Chief Yahoo Jerry Yang assessed the famous Web portal #39;s first decade.
The company currently allows customers to copy a CD once onto a personal computer, but uses the Internet to charge a fee for subsequent copying of the same disk.
The English Football Association (FA)said on Friday that they will introduce tests for the banned drug EPO (erythropoietin) in the near future.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard is seeking a fourth term in power at today #39;s election, promising to extend 13 years of economic growth and keep mortgage rates low.
Los Angeles Sparks center Lisa Leslie was selected the WNBA's Most Valuable Player for the second time in her career.
David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to give the Red Sox an 8-6 victory over Anaheim and completing a three-game sweep.
The French president will meet his Chinese counterpart on a four-day state visit focusing on economic ties.
Martha Stewart beat the news media trailing her every move by announcing that she had checked into prison in West Virginia.
Search engine Google has plans to introduce a new service that lets users search complete texts of books and helps publishers sell them.
The vast majority of worms and other successful cyber attacks are made possible by vulnerabilities in a small number of common operating system services.
When Washington Redskins Coach Joe Gibbs and his staff watch the Baltimore Ravens run the football, they cannot help but recall their great Redskins teams of old.
GAZA CITY, Oct 9 (AFP) - Israeli forces early Saturday killed two Palestinians at Khan Yunes in the south of the Gaza Strip, Palestinian hospital sources said.
AP - A trans-Atlantic shipment of plutonium from the United States arrived by guarded convoy at a factory in southern France Friday, amid protests by environmental groups.
AP - Excerpts from Friday's presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis:
Students at Aviation High School learn in the shadow of the massive jetliners this region has produced for decades. Holding classes at Boeing Field and the Museum of 
Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October.
The Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai has been clubbed in the head by riot police officers. She has been denounced as a subversive.
UN Security Council members have unanimously backed a Russian-sponsored resolution to intensify the international battle against terrorism.
U.S. oil companies and a Texas oil investor received lucrative vouchers that enabled them to buy Iraqi oil under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
Three weeks after Haiti's worst natural disaster in years the country is trying desperately to attend to its sick, feed its hungry, keep drinking water flowing and remove tons of mud and debris.
A U.S. soldier was killed and another wounded Friday when their patrol was attacked with a homemade bomb, the U.S. command said in a statement.
The home computer maker is recalling nearly a million AC notebook adapters. The company says they can overheat, catch fire, or cause electrical shock.
The United Nations launched a massive polio immunization campaign across Africa on Friday, aiming to undo the region-wide effects of a vaccine boycott in Nigeria.
A suicide car bomber attacked Wednesday an Iraqi military camp northwest of Baghdad, killing 10 Iraqis and injuring more than 20, Iraqi officials said.
AP - France tightened security around embassies Friday after a bomb outside the Indonesian Embassy slightly injured nine people in a pre-dawn explosion that shattered neighborhood windows and puzzled police.
AP - The United States warned its citizens Friday to avoid the northeastern Sinai Peninsula for the next three months after suicide bombings hit three Egyptian hotels in the area.
A day of mourning has been declared in Liverpool in memory of the murdered British hostage Ken Bigley. 
Democratic Unionist leader the Rev Ian Paisley and Prime Minister Tony Blair will hold make-or-break talks today on a deal to revive power sharing at Stormont.
President Bush defended his economic record and his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.
In his first comments to the police on the night he was accused of rape, the basketball star Kobe Bryant was scared about what happened and may have conceded lying to 
This was supposed to be an exhilarating weekend for futbol fans in El Salvador, what with those dastardly Americans in town for a 2006 World Cup qualifier Saturday night 
A court suspends all newly-elected office-bearers on India's cricket board citing election misconduct.
Reuters - The woman who accused basketball star\Kobe Bryant of rape apologized to police at one stage for\providing confusing information, according to court documents\released on Friday.
On the night he was accused of rape, Kobe Bryant was scared about what happened and may have conceded lying to detectives, according to a tape recording made then.
Wake Forest has eight interceptions for the season -- which ranks 12th nationally -- and will test Va. Tech quarterback Bryan Randall, who has thrown six picks in five games.
Veteran driver Joe Nemechek earns his second straight pole Friday in Kansas City after having gone four years without winning one.
Senator John Kerry will assail George Bush tonight as the first president since Herbert Hoover to preside over a four-year term with fewer Americans working than when he began.
The Japanese round of the World Rally Championship on the island of Hokkaido just missed a typhoon, and the weather has also affected the Japanese Grand Prix weekend.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. admits he was wrong to cuss in a live TV interview last weekend but says NASCAR was wrong to penalize him so harshly.
AP - The Minnesota Twins were in great shape just two days ago. Now they're on the brink of being eliminated by the New York Yankees for the second straight year.
China says 58 percent of computer networks in the country #39;s offices have fallen victim to Internet security problems this year.
A racist slur made by Spanish national coach Luis Aragones against Thierry Henry has angered the Arsenal star #39;s teammates, who have called for FIFA take action.
Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October.
LONDON - Prime Minister Tony Blair condemned the killers of British hostage Kenneth Bigley as barbaric, and most of the victims relatives praised his handling of the crisis.
Afghans braved threats of Taliban attacks to begin voting today in a historic presidential election that they hope will mark the beginning of the end to a quarter century of conflict.
Australians voted today in an election which offered the choice between a conservative government that unreservedly backs the United States and its Iraq war and a Labour opposition seeking stronger ties in Asia.
Latin America has seen a decline in child mortality rate, but the situation in Iraq, countries of the former Soviet Union and those in sub-Saharan Africa has worsened over the 
Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez continued his love affair with Asia as he kept his nerve to take a one-stroke victory at the \$800 000 Hong Kong Open on Sunday.
AP - Colombian government officials said Friday they need support from the international community to assist in the planned demobilization of thousands of right-wing paramilitary fighters.
AP - Friday's rematch between President Bush and John Kerry proved to be a livelier affair, and a more revealing show, than their first debate.
President Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq, while John Kerry said that Mr. Bush lacked the record to justify re-election.
U.S. oil companies received lucrative vouchers that enabled them to buy Iraqi oil under the U.N. oil-for-food program.
MINNEAPOLIS - Kevin Brown already apologized to the New York Yankees for his foolish injury. This was an even better way to make up for it...
Church leaders have begun a campaign to curb climate change, by reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
The nation added 96,000 jobs in September, a weaker-than-expected figure that could play a pivotal role in the presidential election.
Dell has taken an aggressive pricing strategy in its competition with Apple in the music player space. Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox reported in his blog today that Dell has dropped pricing on the 15 
Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be disciplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.
Around 100-thousand armed security personnel, including 27-thousand foreign troops from a US-led coalition and NATO, have been deployed to protect more than 10 million registered voters.
Dialogue between China and France, two countries which highly value cultural diversity and pluralism in international politics, is no doubt conducive to world peace, China #39;s 
Mars rovers have found new evidence that water was once plentiful in the hills and plains of the now-barren Red Planet. After discovering the plains where it landed was once a 
A veteran NASA safety inspector appeared in court Friday in Florida to answer charges that he filed false reports of checks on the space shuttle.
AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Friday's debate:
In the debate, John Kerry was on the offensive on topics like tax cuts in wartime, prescription drug imports and the deficit.
It may be up to Pittsburgh shoppers to determine if consumer electronics retailer Circuit City continues its foray into the eBay drop-off business.
AUSTRALIAN Paul Stoddart has warned the owners of a potential new Formula One team to be prepared for a long, tough haul in the sport.
World News, KABUL - Voting began in Afghanistan Saturday for the first direct presidential election in the countrys history. Some 10.
AFP - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov pledged that his country would cooperate with India in the fight against global terrorism.
AP - Federal agents arrested a former government security agent on charges of kidnapping a leftist rebel in 1975, the second former official to arrested in the disappearance of Jesus Piedra.
AFP - Pakistan's penalty-corner expert Sohail Abbas said he was honoured to enter field hockey's Hall of Fame after he set a new world record for most goals.
Microsoft Corp. is investigating yet another critical flaw in one of its products, this time in two versions of its popular word processing software, Microsoft Word 2000 and Word 2002.
Amid all the warfare, suicide bombing, political vitriol and other ugly aspects of life, itsa joy when the yearly Nobel Prizes show humanity at its finest.
The UN Security Council unanimously passed a tough new anti-terrorism resolution yesterday aimed at stemming attacks against civilians by denying terrorists safe havens, weapons, financial resources and freedom of movement.
Heisman Trophy hopeful Cedric Benson of Texas grew up idolizing Ricky Williams. Oklahoma freshman force Adrian Peterson is more of an Emmitt Smith man.
In a move that caught the publishing world by surprise, an underdog bidder defeated the likes of media bigwigs Bruce Wasserstein, Robert Krakoff and Jimmy 
R. David Martin, the chief financial officer of Action Performance Cos., abruptly resigned Friday, as the Tempe-based company said it wanted to go in a different direction.
The Formula 1 circus spent Saturday morning holed up in various hotels in the Suzuka area, a number of people nursing sore heads after a little too much time off on Friday night.
US employers added 96,000 jobs last month, a tepid performance that disappointed Wall Street markets but was strong enough to keep the unemployment rate from rising above 5.4 percent.
I always enjoy The Motley Fool #39;s Fool vs. Fool debates over a stock, especially when it #39;s Apple they #39;re talking about.
OLYMPIC silver medallist Brooke Hanson led an Australian quinella in the 50 metres breaststroke final at the world shortcourse win titles at Indianapolis today.
Although Boston Red Sox outfielder Johnny Damon admits to having problems with migraine headaches and a stiff neck, you #39;d never know it.
Australia lost three more wickets as they look to extend their lead against India on the fourth day of the first Test in Bangalore.
The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution on Friday calling on states to strengthen cooperation in the fight against terrorism, including extraditing 
A: Apple #39;s digital music player, which uses a high-capacity hard drive to store music, has truly become a pop-culture touchstone.
Johan Santana is ready to start against the New York Yankees on short rest. The left-hander told Minnesota Twins pitching coach Rick Anderson on Friday that 
MELBOURNE: Josip Skoko scored twice to help Australia crush Solomon Islands 5-1 in their Oceania Confederations Cup first-leg qualifier in Honiara today.
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki on Friday congratulated Wangari Maathai, the assistant minister for environment and natural resources, for becoming the first African woman to win 
Adam Gilchrist (26) and Shane Warne then put on a valuable partnership which was finally broken by Anil Kumble, Chopra taking the catch.
GENEVA - Polio vaccinators set out on camels, boats and on foot Friday to immunize 80 million children under age five in 23 African countries.
Martha Stewart reported to prison before sunrise yesterday to begin serving a five-month sentence for lying about a stock sale, slipping all-but-unnoticed past waiting supporters and reporters.
Employment grew by 96,000 jobs last month, the Labor Department reported Friday, well below the level needed to keep pace with the expansion in the labor force and presenting a weak picture 
Washington taxpayers will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the US Senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul.
Qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix scheduled for today was postponed yesterday because of a typhoon. Race organizers and Formula One moved pre-qualifying and qualifying to 
Rescuers dug through the rubble of a luxury hotel on Egypt #39;s Sinai Peninsula yesterday as the confirmed death stood at 24, with about 100 people 
Cambodia #39;s Prince Norodom Ranariddh left on Saturday for Beijing to implore his ailing father, the king, to reverse his decision to abdicate.
Northeastern sparkled in its 2004-05 hockey debut last night, stunning Michigan, 4-2, at the Lefty McFadden Invitational in Dayton, Ohio.
Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. Friday followed its signing of radio shock jock #39; #39; Howard Stern by announcing an offering of stock and bonds that would raise \$290 million.
Diversified manufacturer and financial services company General Electric Co. posted third-quarter earnings in line with Wall Street expectations on Friday, as revenue rose 15 percent on higher industrial sales 
French Interior Minister Dominique deVillepin announced Friday that France is to reinforce security in sensible places, especially around embassies after the explosion near the Indonesian embassy in Paris.
TechWeb - The next release of the MyQSL database server will include a Windows installer based on an open-source toolset released by Microsoft.
The US economy experienced another month of disappointing job growth in September, adding to the trend of lackluster hiring that has made this one of the weakest labor market recoveries in modern history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has escalated its investigation of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. to a formal inquiry, the company said yesterday.
When it happens, somehow it will change. It will change by making the remainder of the season more meaningful, extending the dreams of a BCS bowl 
Iraqi kidnappers have beheaded a British man who was seized last month, his family said yesterday, ending what one relative called  #39; #39;three long weeks of agony.
The wildlife protection arm of the United Nations announced Friday that it would allow Caspian Sea countries to export caviar, though at lower levels than in 2003.
AP - A lengthy gunbattle erupted Saturday morning between Palestinians militants and Israeli troops just outside the Gaza town of Beit Hanoun, killing two Palestinians, according to medical officials.
Thousands of people are expected to turn out to celebrate the official opening of Scotland's new parliament.
President Bush and Sen. John F. Kerry disagreed vigorously last night as they tossed out plenty of numbers, and both demonstrated a talent for relying on facts and assertions of questionable origin.
The FBI advised officials in as many as eight cities last month to tighten security after U.S. soldiers in Iraq seized computer disks containing information about those towns' school systems.
Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar on Friday announced final terms of a settlement over abusive trading practices at the defunct Invesco Funds Group and its sister company AIM Investments.
AP - Jamal Lewis will serve prison time, miss two games, and pay a princely sum for attempting to set up a drug deal four years ago.
AP - Learning to hate the Atlanta Braves was easy for Brandon Backe. He grew up a Houston Astros fan.
There are a few more souvenir stands, quite a few more merchandise stands and a little different feeling among the fans at the Metrodome.
AP - Matt Morris went from longtime ace of the St. Louis Cardinals' pitching staff to the middle of their rotation in the first round of the playoffs.
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova overpowered Mashona Washington 6-0, 6-1 on Saturday to win the Japan Open for the second straight year.
Carrying a scoreless streak deep into October isn't one of the easier tasks to carry out on a gridiron.
The extreme weather conditions have forced all the F1 teams to adapt this weekend. Pat Symonds thinks the result could well be an extremely exciting race
Four Palestinians are reported killed in the Gaza Strip - two of them policemen hit in an Israeli missile strike.
Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli convicted of spying, in exchange for the release of six Egyptian detainees in a prisoner swap that signaled warmer ties between the countries.
Congress may kill the Air Force #39;s plan to lease refueling tankers from the Boeing Co. By Bryan Corliss. Congress appears poised to reject the Boeing Co.
Dell, the world #39;s largest seller of personal computers, recalled 4.4 million notebook computer power adapters because they may catch fire.
Invesco Funds Group Inc. and two other mutual-fund units of Amvescap LLC will pay \$375 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges 
but only after the NFL season ends. The Baltimore Ravens star will serve four months in a tough federal jail and two months in a halfway 
THE NOBEL Peace Prize committee this year stretched beyond the political crises of the day to address two enduring sources of conflict: environmental degradation and oppression of women.
MANILA, Philippines - A major earthquake shook Manila on Friday night, sending high rises swaying, knocking out power to some areas and sending frightened residents into the streets.
DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan - Two Chinese engineers went missing Saturday in a remote Pakistani tribal region near the border with Afghanistan and may have been kidnapped, police said.
A car bomb exploded at a gathering of Islamic radicals in the central Pakistan city of Multan early Thursday, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens, police said.
AFP - President George W. Bush said that finding Osama bin Laden is not the principle aim of the war on terror.
PARIS -- Airlines the world over are raising fares to offset rising oil prices that threaten to choke off a gradual recovery in air travel and pile more woes on struggling carriers.
Fears that a typhoon could disrupt Sunday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix subsided as the storm passed Suzuka without causing damage on Saturday.
Prime Minister Paul Martin has delayed his European tour so he can be in Halifax tomorrow when the body of Lieut. Chris Saunders arrives back in Canada.
AMD HAS failed in its most recent attempt to force Intel to disclose documents relating to an antitrust investigation to European Commission investigators.
American swimmers continued their dominance in the world short course championships in Indianapolis on Friday, winning five of the eight gold medals on offer without the help of injured Michael Phelps.
French President Jacques Chirac #39;s China visit is sure to boost Sino-French all-round strategic partnership, Chinese Vice President Zeng Qinghong said here Saturday.
Two people were missing as powerful typhoon Ma-on made landfall on Japan on Saturday, lashing the nation with heavy rains and high winds, snarling transport and prompting thousands to evacuate.
Two Chinese engineers and their Pakistani guard were kidnapped early Saturday in Pakistan #39;s South Waziristan tribal area and the rescue work was underway, said a senior Chinese diplomat.
Three-time Irish Olympian Mark Carroll, a former Providence College star, has been added to the field for tomorrow's Boston Athletic Association Half Marathon.
US rock star Melissa Etheridge cancels a tour after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Description: The Senate on Friday scrambled to finish work on the biggest revision of corporate tax codes Congress has considered since 1986.
OSLO (Norway): This year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize announc ed in Oslo on Friday goes to the Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai.
KABUL, 10/09 - Afghanistans first direct presidential election began at 7 aM (local time) Saturday amid tight security. More than 10.
WASHINGTON - Congressional negotiators decided to pull the plug on a Boeing Co. tanker deal as part of an agreement on a massive defense bill.
Luke Donald made a flying start at Carnoustie to leap to the top of the leaderboard on the third morning of the Dunhill Links Championship.
BOSTONWith 10 homers in September, Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero likely wrested the American League Most Valuable Player award away from either David Ortiz or Manny Ramirez.
Indonesia #39;s president-elect has finally given his victory speech, almost three weeks after the country #39;s first direct presidential poll.
LONDON British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul tickets because of rising oil prices.
Minneapolis The Minnesota Twins were in great shape just two days ago. Now they #39;re on the brink of being eliminated by the New York Yankees for the second straight year.
Michael Phelps has been forced to pulled out of the 400m individual medley at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis in the US, due to a sore back.
Showjumping gold medal winner Cian O #39;Connor has decided not to accept the Irish Person of the Year award because his horse has failed a drugs test.
Israeli troops shot at Hamas militants about to fire an anti-tank missile Saturday, setting off an explosion that killed one man and wounded three, the army and hospital officials said.
Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by seven  wickets in the tri-series in Pakistan.
With Nokia #39;s Personal Telephone Integration System, users can access key mobile-phone functions, such as viewing and selecting phonebook entries, initiating and receiving incoming calls, viewing 
The use of psychic powers adds a novel twist to the action in two new video games.
 GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter missile strike  killed a Palestinian militant and wounded two others in the  northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.
Citigroup has sued Italian governmental authorities overseeing the Parmalat restructuring, arguing that their formula for paying off debt tramples creditors and investors rights.
Issued by the respected Sans Institute, the Top 20 list helps organisations find out if they are closing the most commonly exploited loopholes.
JONATHAN WOODGATE will fly to the United States for treatment on his latest thigh injury after being told he could be out for another five months.
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had upgraded its inquiry of the company #39;s financial reporting practices into a formal investigation.
Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games by the NFL for violating the league #39;s substance abuse policy.
They #39;re tearing around the bases with a World Series sheen until they cross home plate and walk to the dugout and the blur subsides and you recognize that clothing.
The groundbreaking action by the Federal Trade Commission against two New Hampshire software companies is  quot;long overdue, quot; said one local computer expert.
Manchester United fans may be in for an anxious wait before learning whether Malcolm Glazer intends to launch a takeover bid for the Old Trafford club.
Opposition Labor Party leader Mark Latham has conceded defeat in Australia #39;s general elections and congratulated Prime Minister John Howard for winning a fourth consecutive term in office.
Cairo - Egyptian police were deployed in force around tourist attractions in Cairo on Saturday after a string of deadly bombings in the Sinai peninsula.
A powerful Libyan charity organization that mediated for the release of a British hostage Saturday blamed the British government for his slaying in Iraq.
A cohort of Egyptian security, political and diplomatic experts have concluded that Israel is the only party to benefit from the blasts 
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli troops killed five armed  Palestinians in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as it pressed on  with a massive offensive aimed at stopping militants firing  rockets into Israel.
Fighters loyal to radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada Sadr reach a deal to end weeks of fighting in Baghdad's Sadr City.
Olympic swimming champion, Michael Phelps, withdrew from the  quot; World Short Course Championships quot; in Indianapolis last night because of tightness in his back.
Every second week in October, The Start catches a leaf as it falls from a tree. It has happened in West Virginia, Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Florida and Ohio.
Since the invasion of Iraq, the people of the region find themselves in the face of scenes that exceed the threshold of tolerance of most of them.
The US military said on Saturday it had  quot;absolute confirmation quot; that Tareq Aziz, Iraq #39;s former deputy prime minister, was still alive.
A roaring jobs market in Canada and disappointing jobs data from the United States helped the Canadian dollar crack 80 cents US in trading yesterday for the first time in more than a decade.
German telecommunications giant Telekom on Saturday announced plans to take its Internet unit off the stock market in a 2.9 billion (\$3.
An ex-employee of the US space agency, Nasa, has pleaded not guilty to charges he falsified reports of safety checks on the space shuttle Discovery.
Computer Associates will pay about \$430 million in cash to acquire security-software company Netegrity, which makes the SiteMinder access-management application.
St. Andrews, Scotland (Sports Network) - Luke Donald shot a four-under 68 on Saturday to move into the lead after the third round of the dunhill links championship.
Japanese Grand Prix was under threat from the Super Typhoon Ma-On. So much so that the qualifying had to be cancelled on Saturday.
Russian-born Alexander Shnaider, chairman of Midland Group, said on Friday the Midland F1 team will begin racing in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix.
Motor Racing Network will follow NBC #39;s lead and add a delay to its NASCAR radio broadcasts beginning with Sunday #39;s race at Kansas Speedway.
Liverpool, the native city of British hostage Kenneth Bigley observed a day of mourning on Saturday as his family struggled to come to terms with his execution.
Even before the polling booths closed in Afghanistans first-ever direct presidential election, all 15 candidates running against incumbent Hamid Karzai denounced 
The Iraqi government says it has reached an agreement to end weeks of clashes in the Sadr City district of Baghdad between Shi #39;ite fighters and American forces.
French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy 
Pakistan security forces searched for two Chinese engineers and their Pakistani guard who were kidnapped Saturday in a tribal area near Afghanistan.
A car bomb exploded at a military convoy in India #39;s portion of Kashmir on Saturday, killing four soldiers and a civilian and injuring 30 others, police said.
AP - The United States congratulated Australian Prime Minister John Howard for winning his fourth term in Australia's federal election Saturday. President Bush called it a great victory.
(Sports Network) - The Dodgers hope to avoid being swept by the St. Louis Cardinals, as they head into Game 3 of their National League Division Series today.
US Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps, was forced to withdraw from competition at the Short Course World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis because of back pain.
David Beckham's spectacular strike seals a comfortable 2-0 victory for England at Old Trafford.
Australia end day four of the first Test needing four wickets to beat India.
At least one Russian is dead and 12 others are missing after the bomb blast at an Egyptian hotel, officials say.
Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers today as Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.
A federal judge has refused a request by chip maker Advanced Micro Devices Inc. to order its larger rival Intel Corp. to turn over company documents to the European Commission.
GAME NOTES: The most anticipated Pac-10 matchup of the season has finally arrived, as the seventh-ranked California Golden Bears travel to Los Angeles, to battle 
A powerful typhoon veered away from the site of the Japanese Grand Prix, boding well for Sunday #39;s Formula One race after organizers were forced to postpone qualifying.
AP - A women's soccer tournament resumed Saturday despite protests from Islamic groups to stop the "indecent" event.
AP - Ricky Williams has acknowledged having an intimate relationship with a woman who filed a paternity suit against him, according to court papers.
Asians and Europeans left Hanoi Saturday after a summit that renewed economic coordination, but deadlocked over Myanmar #39;s human rights situation.
(Sports Network) - Johan Santana is unbeaten (14-0) in 16 starts since the All- Star break and has an amazing ERA of 1.13 in that span.
Once the champagne ran out Friday night, most of it sprayed or dumped, the Red Sox showed again how resourceful they could be. The players went through the beer as their primary weapon 
Egypt released an Israeli who had been convicted of spying, and Israel freed six young Egyptian infiltrators from prison, in a sign of growing cooperation between the two nations.
Ukraine's president said that if he were Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich, he would not participate in a new runoff.
AP - Atlanta Braves starter John Thomson reaggravated a sore muscle on his left side and came out of Game 3 of the NL playoff series after just four pitches Saturday.
IT worker confidence declined in September after several months of increases, but it remains high relative to the confidence of workers in other industries.
UNCASVILLE, Connecticut (Ticker) - Katie Douglas and the Connecticut Sun had just enough poise in their first WNBA Finals contest.
AP - The Senate on Saturday approved legislation that would give rape victims and convicted felons greater access to DNA testing.
Commanders say success in Iraq may depend on units like Strike Force Two, and the raids they launch almost nightly.
AFP - Democratic hopeful John Kerry depicted President George W. Bush as angry, wrongheaded and unfit to lead, hours after the two rivals slugged out their second televised debate.
The government has spent \$2.3 million in the past 4 years to study something that critics say has nothing to do with science.
Making her first appearance as the world #39;s top player, Amelie Mauresmo struggled to advance into the quarterfinals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix on Thursday.
Scotland manager Berti Vogts declared he does not expect to be sacked following Saturday #39;s 1-0 home defeat at the hands of Norway.
Sven-Goran Eriksson has refused to publicly criticise David Beckham for his reckless lunge at Ben Thatcher and subsequent booking.
HALIFAX (CP) - A more powerful American navy tug took over the towing of a disabled Canadian submarine Saturday, moving up its expected arrival in Scotland to late Sunday.
David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England #39;s second goal in Saturday #39;s 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualifying game.
B.J. Elder scores 19 points and Jarrett Jack adds 18 as No. 4 Georgia Tech crushes instate rival Georgia, 87-49, on Sunday night.
AP - Earthquake activity has increased at Mount St. Helens, but scientists said Saturday there was no reason to raise the volcano's alert level.
AP - Congress passed and sent to legislation President Bush on Saturday that would give rape victims and convicted felons greater access to DNA testing.
David Beckham shrugged off his poor Real Madrid form with a spectacular long range strike as England outplayed Wales 2-0 in World Cup action on Saturday.
AP - David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England's second goal in Saturday's 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup qualifying game.
Tanisha Wright leads Penn State to a 77-71 shocker over second-ranked North Carolina on Sunday with 21 points and seven assists.
Drug maker AstraZeneca PLC said Friday that the Food and Drug Administration did not approve its orally taken blood thinner Exanta.
Boston College's Craig Smith runs into foul trouble, but not before his 20 points help the Eagles down the UCLA Bruins, 74-64, on Sunday.
The US House of Representatives on Saturday approved a final \$422 billion bill for defense programs that backs next year #39;s round of military base closings and kills 
Now that rocketmen in the desert have soared into space and captured the St. Louis-based Ansari X Prize, commercial space travel seems as close as ever.
London, England (Sports Network) - England captain David Beckham fractured a rib during his country #39;s 2-0 win over Wales Saturday.
If the first four days of the Bangalore Test are any indication, the Indian team can well forget challenging Australia #39;s hegemony at the top of the cricket table.
AP - Prime Minister John Howard has been accused of turning his back on Asia, kowtowing to America and being Australia's most boring leader.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. - Michigan beat Minnesota with a dramatic comeback for the second straight year...
Six Palestinians died in four separate attacks by the Israeli military in Gaza on Saturday, according to Palestinian security and medical sources.
Aircraft maker Airbus on Thursday denied a report it was siding with Microsoft in its anti-trust battle with the European Union.  quot;We remain totally neutral.
Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won their semifinals in straight sets Saturday, setting up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Porsche Grand Prix.
In just his fifth college game, Adrian Peterson ran for 225 yards and made many big plays when No. 2 Oklahoma needed it most.
European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti said he is  quot;confident quot; the European Union #39;s second-highest court will dismiss an attempt by Microsoft Corp.
Computer Associates has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Netegrity -- a provider of security software solutions, in an all cash merger valued at approximately \$430 million.
After several months of increasing optimism among IT workers, their confidence about job security and personal finances dipped in September, according to a report released this week 
Liechtenstein claimed a historic result on Saturday as they managed to hold Portugal to a 2-2 in Vaduz. Pauleta opened the scoring for Portugal in the 23rd minute.
Dozens of members of outlawed Islamic militant groups have been detained in central Pakistan as part of investigations into two deadly attacks on religious congregations this month, police said on Saturday.
AP - Congress on Saturday approved a  #36;477 billion defense bill with a military pay raise and new money for Iraq and Afghanistan.
The application server space is heating up once again as both IBM and BEA Systems tout new versions of their platforms. With its Liquid Computing strategy, San Jose, Calif.
Abuja - A leading Nigerian opposition figure told AFP on Saturday that he had been released by the secret police after being detained and pressured to drop his support for an impending general strike.
When lifestyle doyenne Martha Stewart arrives at the Alderson Federal Prison Camp, the multimillionaire businesswoman won #39;t just 
(Sydney, Australia-AP) Oct. 9, 2004 - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has claimed victory in national elections. The vote will ensure the country keeps its troops in Iraq.
Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Saturday passed a  #36;32 billion bill funding homeland security\programs this year after days of political fighting over the\measure.
Zimbabwe #39;s ruling Zanu-PF old guard has emerged on top after a bitter power struggle in the deeply divided party during its five-yearly congress, which ended yesterday.
Australian basketball star Lauren Jackson has dedicated the WNBA finals to the memory of her grandmother who died last month but the Connecticut Sun have spoiled it so far.
AGAIN, Nigeria walks the path of conflict that is not only unnecessary and avoidable, it is potentially harmful and disruptive to the nations social, economic and political stability.
India News: Srinagar, Oct 9 : Four Indian soldiers and a civilian were killed when a suicide bomber rammed a car packed with explosives into an army convoy in Jammu and Kashmir Saturday.
AP - Sweden's Robin Soderling beat seventh-seeded American Vince Spadea 6-2, 6-4 Saturday to reach the final of the Lyon Open.
Orlando Hernandez's tired right arm felt better Saturday, but he's not sure when he'll be able to pitch again for the Yankees.
On Sunday against the Miami Dolphins, the Patriots will be going for their 19th consecutive victory.
Australia has returned incumbent Prime Minister John Howard for a fourth consecutive term of government, probably with an increased majority in the Parliament.
AP - No one knows how to bring Oklahoma's stout defense to life like Texas.
America Online plans to begin a new ad campaign Thursday with a redesigned logo and a fresh slogan, posed as a question to consumers:  quot;Want a better Internet?
Egyptian security yesterday arrested dozens of Bedouin tribesmen amid continuing doubts over who was behind the devastating attacks on Israeli tourists that killed at least 34 people.
US employers hired just 96,000 workers in September, the government said on Friday in a weak jobs snapshot, the final one ahead of presidential elections that 
This just in. In addition to that whole Milton Bradley thing, the Dodgers are now also demanding that Fox erase all tapes of this division series against the Cardinals.
Bosnia held Balkan rival Serbia-Montenegro to a 0-0 draw Saturday in a World Cup qualifier, the first competitive match between the neighboring countries that fought a civil war from 1992-95.
Just about anyone who has lived awhile in this small town nestled between a fuel refinery and an asphalt refinery has grown accustomed to the rank smell.
The temporary pool set up for the World Short Course Championships is, well, short. Swimmers dive in and a few breaths later, they reach the wall at the other end.
If things worked like the most cynical believe they do, Tony Stewart would get six speeding penalties in Sunday #39;s Banquet 400 at Kansas Speedway.
Jacques Derrida, a philosopher who founded the school known as deconstructionism, has died, the French president #39;s office said Saturday.
A suicide car bomber rammed into an army convoy in Indian-controlled Kashmir on Saturday, triggering an explosion that left four people dead and 22 wounded, the army said.
Despite its continuing difficulties forcing power plants to reduce their toxic emissions, the Environmental Protection Agency has enjoyed unusual success in bringing 
A growing number of experts say cellphone use may be making us less autonomous and less capable of solving problems on our own.
Thanks primarily to the DVD, home theaters have come within reach of many shoppers in the last few years. But why choose one over another?
Prime Minister John Howard is set to become the second longest serving Prime Minister after the Coalition #39;s convincing win in yesterday #39;s federal election.
Twenty-four days into the NHL lockout, Capitals center Jeff Halern signs with a Swiss League team.
Separatist leaders from the north-east Indian state of Nagaland arrive in Delhi for peace talks.
A Bosnian Serb war-crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys surrendered Saturday, the government said.
Bruce Wasserstein, the chief executive of Lazard, has cancelled a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow that would have given him a further opportunity to push through 
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria made a rare, often confrontational foreign policy speech on Saturday, suggesting that the efforts by the United States and France 
The gloomy day provided a fitting setting for the Longhorns, who lost because of a dismal offense and their inability to stop the freshman tailback Adrian Peterson.
Fresh controversy has hit the war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic with a claim from a senior intelligence analyst that the Yugoslav leader is innocent of genocide.
AFP - Snap polls taken after the second US presidential election debate said Senator John Kerry narrowly beat President George W. Bush.
Spain's Carlos Moya says Davis Cup victory over the USA is "like a dream".
FRANKFURT Google has introduced a search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Amazon.
WASHINGTONThe US House of Representatives on Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill that would make spyware illegaland provide stiff sanctions for anyone found breaking that law.
A big home run by Ruben Sierra, a clutch 11th-inning hit by Alex Rodriguez and the Yankees are headed right back where most people figured.
AP - The Minnesota Twins insisted they were a far better team than the one steamrolled out of last year's division series by the New York Yankees. And they might have been.
DALLAS -- Oklahoma #39;s dominance of Texas is reaching infomercial status. Less annoying, maybe, but more effective. It has become a rite of fall.
AP - Karl Malone showed up at the Los Angeles Lakers training camp Saturday to visit old teammates and club officials.
AP - The Dodgers took a 3-0 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals after four innings in Game 3 of the NL division series on Saturday.
The Houston Astros won their 19th straight game at home and are one game from winning their first playoff series in 42 years.
Aaron Rodgers tied an N.C.A.A. record by completing 23 consecutive passes, but he watched his last three attempts sail off target in the final minute.
Alex Rodriguez scores on a wild pitch in the 11th innning to lead the New York Yankees into the AL Championship Series by defeating the Minnesota Twins, 6-5, on Saturday.
Mike Imoh runs for 100 yards and the winning touchdown Saturday to lead Virginia Tech to a 17-10 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.
Forward Jared Jeffries has turned heads with his remarkable shot-blocking and leaping ability early in training camp. The third-year player is hoping for a breakout season.
Red Sox manager Terry Francona wants ace starter Curt Schilling to take a painkilling shot to ensure his health for Game 1 of the AL Championship Series.
Jason Kidd is going to attend both day and night practices during the Nets' training camp rather than pay fines he feels are misguided.
Testimony in the case of Oracle v. PeopleSoft last week turned to the issue of corporate lies, and it spoke volumes about the time we live in.
Investors' fear that drug prices will be hurt under a Kerry presidency has sent the stocks of many pharmaceutical companies lower.
Supermarkets face a new showdown as labor unions determined to keep health benefits spar with management trying to compete with Wal-Mart.
A congressional committee has voted to kill a hotly contested Boeing deal to lease 767 jetliners to the US Air Force as refueling tankers.
Internet search engine Google #39;s new search options may make Amazon.com look old fashioned. The service Google Print will allow people to read sections of books to decide whether 
THE almighty guddles that are the first three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship finally began to untangle themselves last night.
Freshman quarterback Erik Ainge threw two touchdown passes Saturday as No. 17 Tennessee nipped No. 3 and previously unbeaten Georgia, 19-14.
A BOSNIAN Serb war crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8000 Muslim men and boys surrendered today to Serbian authorities, the Government said.
For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products 
Computer Associates International will acquire identity management software supplier Netegrity in an all-cash transaction valued at \$430m (241m).
A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 shook northern Japan early Friday. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Baghdad #39;s most notorious prisoner, Saddam Hussein, does not have much to do most days. His one court appearance in 10 months has come and gone.
AP - A powerful earthquake rocked Nicaragua's western coast on Saturday, sending residents running from their homes. No major injuries or damage were immediately reported.
First presidential election was thrown into chaos after 15 candidates opposing complaining of fraud and improper procedures.
Lawmakers Saturday approved a \$447 billion 2005 defense spending bill as Congress pushed forward with final actions before adjourning for the elections.
AP - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw "spyware," irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.
ATHENS, Ga. Erik Ainge threw a pair of touchdown passes to lead Number 17 Tennessee to a 19-14 upset of third-ranked Georgia on Saturday.
World champion Michael Schumacher took advantage of the drying conditions to grab his eighth pole of the season in qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix.
In football, just as in many other aspects of life, it is the bottom line that counts. In that respect, this game was a huge success.
He had come this far, from high school senior to Michigan #39;s starting quarterback in the blink of a few months, sheesh, what was another 87 yards to validation?
Australian Prime Minister John Howard managed to secure another term as leader after election results released Saturday handily declared him the winner.
Jose Lima handled the pitching, Shawn Green handled the hitting, and the Los Angeles Dodgers handled the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday night.
Luke Donald shoots a 4-under-par 68 for a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship in St. Andrews, Scotland on Saturday.
Christian Gomez scores in the 32nd minute to give D.C. United a 1-0 win over the New England Revolution on Saturday night.
NEWARK, NJ. -- Two football players accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate have been charged with sexual assault, authorities said.
A UN peacekeeper and a Haitian policeman were injured Saturday in a clash with loyalists of former Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in Port-au-Prince.
Citigroup sued Italy on Friday, claiming that the government appointee who runs the bankrupt Parmalat would unfairly pay only 2 million euros (US\$2.
Rodgers, who matched an NCAA record by completing 23 consecutive passes, threw an incomplete pass on 4th-and-goal with 1:16 left as No.
CHAPEL HILL -- It was an ending that left North Carolina fans storming the Kenan Stadium turf in celebration while NC State fans walked away howling mad.
BANGALORE Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh is confident India will bounce back in the Test series against Australia as they did three years ago.
Scientists discover a new group of giant apes in central Africa, which could be a new species of primate.
Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers on Saturday, but Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.
Since World War II, no two candidates have had such strikingly similar backgrounds of class and privilege. So, why do these guys dislike each other so much?
France coach Raymond Domenech was surprisingly pleased with his team #39;s lacklustre performance in the goalless draw against Ireland in their World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
A North Carolina goal line stand as time ran out Saturday night enabled the Tar Heels to post a 30-24 win over the No. 25 North Carolina State Wolfpack.
WANA, Oct 9: Two Chinese engineers and their five security guards were kidnapped on Saturday while travelling through the South Waziristan Agency.
A Brazilian soldier with the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti was shot and wounded Saturday when peacekeepers and local police faced gunfire in a crackdown on armed gangs in the Haitian capital.
One of the world's poorest countries, Cambodia, is set to ask for almost \$2bn in aid over the next three years.
The Jordan team has vowed to bounce back from its latest crisis, despite likening Ford #39;s recent decision to cease all of its Formula One activities to a .
Jose Lima had a five-hit shutout and Shawn Green two homers Saturday as Los Angeles stayed in its NL Division Series by beating St.
Asian and European nations should cut dollar dependence and use more euros in trade, according to an advisory group representing more than three dozen countries, which comprise half of the global economy.
The Natick medical devices company is using profits from its successful Taxus stent to expand into new areas. By Ross Kerber, Globe Staff  December 6, 2004.
That #39;s according to the Lundberg Survey. It cites an increase in crude oil supplies combined with the recovery of US offshore oil production after Hurricane Ivan.
When Wall Street #39;s biggest firms settled with regulators in April 2003 over charges of fraudulent stock research, the industry promised a new era of independence.
There was irritation among some Texas A amp;M players this week when they learned they were the opponent for the Iowa State homecoming game.
Afghanistan #39;s historic presidential election turned sour Saturday when all 15 candidates opposing US-backed interim President Hamid Karzai withdrew in the middle of voting 
With support for operations in Iraq flagging in some allied nations, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld gathered 18 defense ministers aboard 
Five people were dead and four still missing on Sunday as Japan began a clean up after the most powerful typhoon in a decade hit the Tokyo region.
Turkey seemed to shift geographically Westward on Wednesday, after the European Commission opened the way for it to become a full member of the European Union.
LOS ANGELES - With 81 seconds to go Saturday afternoon, Southern California coach Pete Carroll summoned his dog-tired defenders to the sideline.
A week after bottoming out at Buffalo, the University of Central Florida looked like a different team against Northern Illinois on Saturday night.
Palestinians walk in the ruins of a house that was destroyed in an ongoing Israeli army operation in the Jebaliya refugee camp, northern Gaza Strip, Saturday Oct. 9, 2004.
In the Major League Baseball playoffs, the New York Yankees overcame a late-game deficit to beat the host Minnesota Twins 6-5 and advance to the American League Championship series.
Millions of enthusiastic Afghans stood in line and voted -ithout any large-scale attacks that many had feared  -the nation chose its first-ever directly elected leader.
Larry F. Stewart, Secret Service ink specialist, who was acquitted of perjury charges in connection with his testimony in the Martha Stewart trial.
A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
Thanks to Brian McBride and Eddie Johnson, the United States can advance to the finals round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup with a victory over Panama next week.
The Issue: Howard Stern deal calls attention to area of unregulated broadcasting. Our View: This may be a significant moment in mass communications.
When Roger Clemens ended his brief retirement to sign with the Astros, he said he #39;d do anything to help his hometown team win a championship.
DALLAS - OK, help me out here. Is it odd years Holiday Bowl and even years Cotton Bowl? Or even years Holiday Bowl and odd years Cotton Bowl?
The wife of British hostage Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by militants in Iraq, has appealed for privacy to mourn her husband #39;s death.
An Israeli aircraft fired a missile Sunday at a Palestinian target in Gaza #39;s Jebaliya refugee camp, witnesses said. Ambulances rushed to the scene, but it was not 
Jacques Derrida was the Algerian-born, French intellectual who became one of the most celebrated and unfathomable philosophers of the late 20th century.
The pan-European security body wants to send more monitors for the re-run of the Ukrainian election.
Martha Stewart was the picture of loneliness Saturday as she explored the grounds of her new home - a federal prison camp in West Virginia.
Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain spare oil production capacity of 1.5 to 2 million barrels per day and said it was prepared to hike output to meet customer demand.
Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison testified yesterday that the business software maker is leaning toward lowering its \$7.7 billion bid for rival PeopleSoft 
James McFadden is red carded and Berti Vogts is sent to the stand as Scotland #39;s World Cup qualification hopes suffer another hammer blow.
Plainclothes police detained a prominent Nigerian labor leader Saturday, bundling him into a car at an airport in an apparent effort to stop a threatened nationwide 
Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed Sunday to guarantee world crude supplies and said it would hold 1.5-2.0 million barrels per day of spare production in reserve.
If the development of the hybrid gasoline/electric vehicle can be described in golf terms, we #39;re early in the match, far from making the turn at the ninth hole.
The very lawsuits that swept through US cyberspace have reportedly made their way across the Atlantic. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry said Thursday that it filed 459 criminal and 
Netegrity, Inc., a leading provider of identity and access management solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Computer Associates International, Inc.
Michael Schumacher drove his Ferrarito an easy victory in the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka on Sunday,winning the race for a sixth time.
At 42, Roger Clemens is ready to pitch on three days #39; rest with a chance to make postseason history for the Houston Astros. After all, playing in the postseason with 
With the Red Sox off as they prepare to begin the AL Championship Series Tuesday, the Patriots get a Sunday to themselves for a change.
WASHINGTON -- Revolution coach Steve Nicol expressed frustration after a 1-0 loss to D.C. United last night.
LOS ANGELES -- Southern California seemed helpless as Aaron Rodgers picked away at its defense, hitting pass after pass.
Luke Donald shot a 4-under-par 68 yesterday for a two-stroke lead after three rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship at St. Andrews, Scotland.
Bill-paying is getting more and more convenient. But with that convenience comes the possibility of many complications and headaches.
  If you haven't remembered to buy your dog his costume yet, here's something else you may have overlooked:
Michael Schumacher wins a record 13th race in a season at the Japanese Grand Prix.
HOPKINTON -- If there's one room in the house that's his, Ron Sargent says it's the home office.
More Americans are quitting the workforce without retiring their mortgage. Big mistake? It could prove more taxing than they ever imagined.
CHIRAN, Japan -- These are the dusky days of old age that kamikaze pilots like Shigeyoshi Hamazono were not supposed to see.
The drive covered just over three minutes, but in that brief amount of time USC #39;s football team yesterday discovered the kind of resolve that often produces a champion.
An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a house in Gaza #39;s Jabalya refugee camp on Sunday, killing a Palestinian man and wounding three women, witnesses said.
At least four people were killed in a rocket attack near the Iraqi Oil Ministry and two others were wounded in another suicide car bombing attack near the Iraqi Culture Ministry on Sunday, Iraqi police said.
House and Senate conferees have agreed to let the Energy Department leave some radioactive waste in tanks in South Carolina and Idaho, instead of pumping it out for deep burial.
The Environmental Protection Agency has enjoyed unusual success in bringing down pollution levels from some of the nation's largest oil refining companies.
Marketing is a big part of the private space race - and, its boosters say, an essential one.
For an imaginary point in the midst of an ice-capped sea, the North Pole is a surprisingly hot piece of real estate.
Martha Stewart took prison life in stride yesterday, taking a solo walk around the grounds of her new home and receiving two visitors.
The USA moved one step closer to the final round of World Cup 2006 qualifying in the CONCACAF zone with a rather easy 2-0 win over El Salvador Saturday night in San Salvador.
Taiwan #39;s leader used his National Day speech today to urge China to begin peace talks so the two rivals can avoid war. Chinese and Taiwanese leaders haven #39;t met since 
Top US economic forecasters are growing increasingly worried about the impact of surging oil prices on consumer and business spending in 2005, a survey released on Sunday showed.
World champion Michael Schumacher won the Japanese Grand Prix to give his Ferrari team a record-tying 15th victory in 17 Formula One races this year.
They show up at prom with the prettiest girl in school, then get your date #39;s phone number and wink at you on the way out the door.
In Short* Jose Lima pitched his first complete game since 2001 to keep the Dodgers alive. l Los Angeles had lost eight postseason games in a row since beating Oakland in the 1988 World Series.
Don Shula isn #39;t enamored with the possibility of another NFL team joining the 1972 Miami Dolphins in the annals of perfection.
David Beckham broke his rib moments after scoring England #39;s second goal in yesterday #39;s 2-0 win over Wales in a World Cup soccer qualifying match in Manchester.
Trojans hold off Golden Bears at goal line late in 4th quarter, extend winning streak to 14 by avenging their last loss vs. intrastate rivals.
Militants in Pakistan who kidnapped two Chinese engineers have threatened to kill them unless Pakistan releases detained Al Qaeda suspects, a security official said.
DALLAS -- The recruiting battle was as intense as everyone expected. Oklahoma against Texas -- again.
Jim Ryan , the executive cook at Thorny Lea Golf Club in Brockton, had the good fortune to attend the recently concluded Ryder Cup competition at Oakland Hills Country Club in Michigan.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb killed 17 people  near Baghdad's Oil Ministry and a nearby police academy Sunday,  a ministry spokesman said.
Philadelphia -- A fast-moving arson fire killed six people in a rowhouse before dawn Saturday, four of them children, police said.
Web sites promising to find the best travel deals have online travel agents wondering if they have a new friend or enemy. For consumers, however, choices are rising 
BAR Honda celebrated its 100th race with a podium today as Jenson Button crossed the line in third place in the team #39;s second home Grand Prix at Suzuka.
Bangalore, India - Australia launched its test series campaign in India with a thumping 217-run victory in the opening match on Sunday.
AFP - Prince Harry, the third in line to the British throne, stands accused of cheated on a finishing exam at the prestigious Eton College.
Cambodia's King Sihanouk ignores appeals for him not to abdicate, as attention focuses on the succession.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld made a surprise visit to Iraq today, as two car bombs shook Baghdad, killing at least 10 people, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.
Marion C. Blakey, administrator of commercial space transportation for the Federal Aviation Administration, speaks with reporters following a briefing at the XCOR hangar at Mojave, Calif.
No. 3 Bulldogs fall a week after rout of LSU; Volunteers bounce back from Auburn loss. By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press. ATHENS, Ga.
Like so many Tennessee defenders, the questions kept coming and coming at Georgia quarterback David Greene after Saturdays 19-14 loss to the Volunteers.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - A large explosion hit outside a police academy in downtown Baghdad on Sunday, killing eight people, officials said.
As the New England Patriots aim for their 19th straight win over two seasons today, the 1972 Miami Dolphins are starting to notice.
United Airlines, which is struggling to emerge from bankruptcy protection, said on Wednesday that it would cut 68 airplanes from its fleet, shift more responsibility 
Reuters - Somali lawmakers began voting on Sunday\for a president in the 14th attempt in a decade to return\government to the lawless Horn of Africa state.
AP - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including an American soldier, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.
Minneapolis -- They were down by four runs. They were five outs from defeat. Hmmm. You think the Yankees were actually worried about losing?
Atlanta Braves starting pitcher John Thomson, center, is pulled from the game against the Houston Astros during the first inning of Game 3 of the National League Division Series in Houston, on Saturday.
AFP - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian called for wide-ranging peace talks with China to defuse the dangerous military build-up on both sides of the Taiwan Strait.
Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian called on Sunday for arms control talks with China to defuse the dangerous build-up of military hardware on both sides of the Taiwan Strait.
Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Saturday passed a  #36;32 billion bill funding homeland security\programs this year after days of political fighting over the\measure.
I #39;ve been running a new Windows XP computer from Microsoft all week. It boots up quickly and runs smoothly. I #39;m very impressed.
Ceding control of the game after a handful of plays, the Giants went tamely to their fifth successive defeat.
Brian McBride and debutant Eddie Johnson gave the United States a 2-0 victory over El Salvador in their World Cup qualifier on Saturday.
Australian fast bowler Michael Kasprowicz (left) celebrates after claiming the important wicket of Indian vice-captain Rahul Dravid.
Australia #39;s conservative prime minister, John Howard, is celebrating a decisive victory over the Labor Party in general elections.
Major Gulf oil producer Kuwait will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC #39;s output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move 
Weak chain-store sales, stumbling job growth and more record oil prices were too much for Wall Street #39;s bulls to bear last week.
John Howard has secured a place in Australian political history after an unexpectedly comfortable win in the general election. The veteran conservative is now on course to become the country #39;s 
At least 17 people died as a result of two suicide car bombs in Baghdad Sunday, CNN reported. One of the car bombs apparently exploded prematurely at a busy intersection near 
Reuters - An Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a\house in Gaza's Jabalya refugee camp Sunday, killing one\Palestinian and wounding four others, witnesses said.
House-to-house raids south of Baghdad are turning up few men of fighting age, leading American commanders to believe that insurgents are melting away.
The outlook for the holiday shopping season grew more uncertain yesterday as the nation #39;s largest retailers reported that they had a fourth straight month of tepid sales in September.
General Electric Co.s third-quarter earnings rose 11 percent,and revenue jumped 15 percent as a rebounding economy and acquisitions drove a sharp increase in orders, the company said Friday.
The memory of that painful moment just after midnight on Oct. 17, 2003 in Yankee Stadium never went away for me - even after the New England Patriots captured a second Super Bowl title.
An Israeli aircraft has fired a missile at a house in a northern Gaza Strip refugee camp, killing at least one person and wounding three others.
The United States has said it may send more troops to Iraq to protect elections in January against violence if US commanders decide they are needed.
 CHICAGO (Reuters) - Three years after the attacks of Sept.  11, 2001, is today's business traveler safer?
 ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Several people were hurt in an  explosion in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore Sunday, the  private TV channel Geo reported.
Nigeria #39;s main umbrella union has said it will go ahead with a general strike in Africa #39;s top oil producer on Monday to protest against rising domestic fuel prices.
EU diplomats said Sunday that the transfer of a Bosnian Serb genocide suspect to the UN war crimes tribunal will lead to closer ties between the EU and Serbia and Montenegro.
AP - Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
Okay, England v Wales doesn #39;t have the sense of rivalry as playing against Scotland. Out of 97 matches against England, Wales have won only 14.
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is in western Iraq to meet with American Marines fighting insurgents in the country #39;s restive Al Anbar province.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan Oct. 10, 2004 - A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring four people, officials said.
Veterans of Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia have teamed to launch a new travel search company, Kayak.com, a public beta of which launched this week.
CHIBA, JAPAN -- Two companies supporting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format unveiled prototype players at the Ceatec 2004 exhibition, taking place here this week.
Ottovegio picked the ball up and tried to get the punt off, but he was tackled by Jerome Collins just as he released the ball and fanned on the kick.
What seemed an ideal time to be playing France turned out to be exactly that. In fact with a shade more composure in front of goal the Republic of Ireland might even have 
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring several people, police said.
Scotland defender Andy Webster insists there is no point dwelling on the defeat to Norway when their World Cup qualification campaign can still be salvaged.
INDIANAPOLIS - Australia set a world record in winning the 400-meter medley relay at the Short Course World Championships on Saturday night.
Prime Minister John Howard began planning the agenda for his new term on Sunday after his stunning fourth straight election victory, which delivered him a mandate to 
LAHORE, Pakistan -- A bomb has exploded at a Shiite mosque in downtown Lahore, killing three people and wounding several others, police sources told CNN.
WEAK job growth figures and record-high oil prices pulled the rug from under US equities on Friday, despite soothing words from General Electric about the state of the American economy.
AP - Pointing to Lebanon as a stable exception in a troubled neighborhood, President Bashar Assad has suggested an end to Syrian intervention in Lebanon would lead to chaos there.
U.S. Marine killed in Iraq's Anbar province&lt;br&gt;BC-Iraq-Military Death,0115
Top world oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain a cushion of spare supplies of up to 2 million barrels per day (bpd) to meet future demand growth.
AP - Michael Schumacher won his 13th race of the season and first since August when he returned to his dominating form and captured the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday
ENGLAND took a huge step towards booking its ticket to Germany for the 2006 World Cup when it outclassed Wales with a controlled performance at Old Trafford yesterday.
ITALIAN superstar Valentino Rossi could wrap up his fourth consecutive championship in the premier motorcycle class at Phillip Island this weekend.
ACTING Australian captain Adam Gilchrist assured Shane Warne he had paid his way despite falling short in his exasperating tilt at world record glory yesterday.
Australian Casey Stoner turned his wretched luck around to win the Malaysian 125cc Motorcycle Grand Prix yesterday, just six days before his 19th birthday.
An epidemic has erupted in the postseason. In the first seven division series games, managers used their closers for three innings three times.
A sickening video of Iraq hostage Ken Bigley being beheaded by his captors was circulating on the internet tonight. In his last desperate moments, Mr 
 quot;They know they cannot defeat us militarily. But they are hoping they can win the test of wills. It #39;s a battle of morale.
AFP - Wayne Rooney believes the three-pronged attack of himself, Michael Owen and Jermain Defoe can put England on the fast track to the World Cup finals.
AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and their responses:
More than 100 people die in flash floods in India's north-eastern state of Assam in recent days.
Seven-time Formula One auto racing world champion Michael Schumacher of Germany led from start to finish behind the wheel of his Ferrari to easily win the Japanese Grand Prix.
SEPANG, Malaysia (AFP) - Valentino Rossi of Italy won the Malaysian motorcycling Grand Prix to extend his overall lead in the world championship here.
AP - Emory University Hospital has confirmed that a brain surgery patient does not have the human version of mad cow disease, but does have a rare, fatal disorder that resembles it.
There likely won #39;t be a reduction in US troop strength in Iraq until after the country #39;s national elections in January, Defense Secretary Donald 
A crippled Canadian submarine was late Thursday being towed toward Scotland after two days spent adrift near Ireland without power following a fatal fire, an Irish captain participating in the rescue said.
News agencies quoted unnamed Egyptian security sources as saying more than a dozen Sinai Desert Bedouin were being questioned about smuggling explosives into the resort areas.
While President Bush and Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) square off in their second debate tonight in St. Louis, more than two dozen federal, state and local law enforcement 
AFP - Scotland's Stephen Gallacher stunned a host of favourites to win the Dunhill Links Championship after winning an extra playoff hole against Graeme McDowell.
Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession, killing at least 11 people, including a U.S. soldier, and wounding 16.
Oil prices above \$50 a barrel - and rising - are now starting to adversely affect the economy and consumers in ways that had not been happening only a few months ago.
England captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid on Wednesday and will be able to resume light training despite cracking a rib, the Real Madrid website said on Sunday.
At least two Palestinian children have been reportedly shot and wounded by the Israeli occupation troops in the southern Gaza Strip City of Khan Younis.
Chuck Harris remembers when the Internet was fun and he #39;d spend hours reading his favorite news sites, checking the church calendar, browsing the shops.
Prime Minister John Howard, fresh from winning an election mandate to keep Australian troops in Iraq as long as needed, accepted congratulations from President Bush and began planning his fourth term Sunday.
Car bombers struck twice in rapid succession in the Iraqi capital today, killing at least 11 people including an American soldier and wounding at least 16.
AP - Pro Bowl kicker Mike Vanderjagt and starting tight end Marcus Pollard were inactive for the Colts' game Sunday against Oakland.
While entrepreneurs explore how to put ordinary folks into space, federal officials are pondering how to regulate the emerging commercial space industry.
Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.
Human rights and environmental activists have hailed the award of the 2004 Nobel Peace Prize to Wangari Maathai of Kenya as fitting recognition of the growing role of civil society 
The American defence minister has thanked Bulgaria for the work of its contingent in Iraq, and expressed appreciation of Bulgarian troops #39; professionalism.
Oil ministers of Opec countries say they have the capacity to pump more oil after crude prices hit fresh highs last week. 
Britons are saving 57bn too little for their retirement, according to figures leaked to a Sunday paper.
International observers say calls to annul  the Afghan presidential  poll on grounds of fraud are unjustified.
The oil ministers of Opec heavyweights Saudi Arabia and Kuwait have pledged to maintain output after prices hit new peaks at the end of last week.
France striker Thierry Henry believes the Republic of Ireland pose a real threat to his nations hopes of reaching the World Cup finals.
Pro Bowl kicker Mike Vanderjagt and starting tight end Marcus Pollard were inactive for the Colts #39; game Sunday against Oakland.
The production capacity of Alcoa Inc.'s proposed aluminum plant in Trinidad is being expanded by 29 percent, the prime minister said.
The US has a new head of cyber security, amid concerns about the Bush administration #39;s commitment to protecting computer networks from attack.
Michael Schumacher asserted his authority in Formula One again Sunday with his 13th victory of the season but first since August. The seven-time world champion captured the Japanese Grand Prix, which was run 
Rescuers in northeastern India have recovered at least 23 more bodies after flash floods, bringing the death toll from new rains in the state of Assam to at least 88.
In Pakistan, some 10,000 mourners have gathered in Karachi for the funeral services of one of two prominent Sunni Muslim clerics killed Saturday.
Some candidates moderated their stance in light of a consensus proclaiming the election, while not problem-free, a success.
WASHINGTON -- The House last night passed a massive business-tax bill aimed at settling a trade dispute with the European Union and propping up domestic manufacturers.
October 07, 2004 - Nintendo began its NDS press conference in Japan yesterday with a lengthy statement from company head Satoru Iwata.
Both bills will likely need to be combined into one and then reconciled with similar bills that have originated in the Senate before they can start to make their way through both houses again.
Although quarterback Kyle Orton was less than perfect Saturday, he did enough to help Purdue defeat Penn State and climb five more spots to No.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms left in the first quarter of Sunday #39;s game against New Orleans with a left shoulder injury.
Iraqi kidnappers have released 10 Turkish hostages they had held for over a month after their Turkish employer said it would leave Iraq, Al Jazeera television said on Sunday.
AP - Tiger Woods always said he had to win a major for it to be considered a great year, but he might have found an exception last week when he got married in Barbados.
AP - Kyle Orton passed for 275 yards, and Taylor Stubblefield set a Big Ten record for receptions. But this time, it was the defense that kept Purdue undefeated.
AP - Bills strong safety Coy Wire and Jets reserve cornerback Derrick Strait were inactive for their game Sunday because of injury.
Slovenia coach Brane Oblak said he was delighted with the sensational victory of his team against Italy in Saturday #39;s World Cup Group Five qualifier in Celje.
A suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque Sunday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who lost their lives confronting the attacker and preventing a far greater number of deaths.
AP - The Green Bay Packers and Tennessee Titans insist Monday night's matchup between desperate, disappointing 1-3 teams has lost none of its luster.
A sea of runners race through Millenium Park in downtown during Chicago the annual Chicago Marathon, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh).
LAHORE, Oct. 10 - A bombing at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore on Sunday killed at least four people and injured four, officials said.
AFP - Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said he believed Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was alive but that he was unsure where he was hiding.
One Palestinian is killed and three were injured in Israeli strikes on the Jabaliya refugee camp in Gaza, witnesses say.
Both sides hardened their rhetoric today on a central issue, Iraq, and exchanged sharp attacks on the domestic questions.
: Kuwait, the major Gulf oil producer, will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in Opecs output ceiling if crude prices remain at record levels, a move that would bring 
Venezuela on Sunday ordered foreign oil firms operating in its huge Orinoco heavy crude belt to pay much higher taxes in what President Hugo Chavez called 
The New England Patriots set an NFL record for consecutive wins, with plenty of help from the winless Miami Dolphins, in a 24-10 victory.
You have to hand it to the Houston Astros -- the starting rotation they #39;ve used in the first round of the playoffs has been not only effective, but interesting, too.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said Sunday that taxes on foreign companies extracting heavy crudes from Venezuelan soil would be raised to 16.
Stephen Gallacher clinched his first win on the European Tour after eding out Graeme McDowell on the first play-off hole in the dunhill links Championship.
Mariano Rivera #39;s celebration of the Yankees #39; Division Series win was muted on Saturday night, as the closer learned after the game of an accident at his home in Panama.
Major Gulf producer Kuwait will back a hike of 1 million barrels per day in OPEC #39;s output ceiling if oil prices stay at record levels, a move that 
US Treasury Secretary John Snow predicted on Sunday skyrocketing oil prices were set to go down and said Middle Eastern finance ministers had responded positively to his request to boost output quotas.
AP - Police have arrested 17 non-Libyans suspected of being al-Qaida members who entered this North African country illegally, the interior minister said Sunday.
Tiki Barber ran for 122 yards and a touchdown and Steve Christie kicked four field goals, leading the Giants past the Dallas Cowboys for their fourth victory.
Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
AP - The New York Giants sure are going to enjoy their bye week. After all, five games into the season they've already matched last year's win total.
Lara Carroll has qualified fastest for the final of the women #39;s 200m individual medley at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis.
Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes to help the New England Patriots beat the Miami Dolphins 24-10 for their 19th consecutive victory, a National Football League record.
The Braves prevailed, 6-5, after coming back from a three-run deficit against the Houston Astros after Roger Clemens came out of the game.
AFP - The Sudanese government declared its support for proposed reforms to the UN Security Council but said an expanded body should include nations from Africa and Latin America rather than more Western states.
Brian Griese replaced injured rookie Chris Simms Sunday and threw for 194 yards and a touchdown as Tampa Bay fought off New Orleans, 20-17.
A famous name once more adorns a European Tour trophy after Stephen Gallacher won the Dunhill Links Championship yesterday at St Andrews.
Victories in India are precious and to win so emphatically in the opening match of a series of such importance will further buoy an already buoyant Australian team.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms left in the first quarter of Sunday #39;s win against New Orleans with a left shoulder injury.
although they wouldn #39;t know it from watching the company #39;s commercials or shopping in its stores. The cell phone provider is expected 
Services firms are worried that they are vulnerable to a weakening economy, a CBI report warns.
JD Drew extended Atlanta #39;s season Sunday by driving in the go-ahead run in the ninth as the Braves rallied to down Houston, 6-5.
After three races without a win, the world champion cruised to his 13th victory of the season and a record of 146 championship points for the season yesterday.
Real Madrid believe David Beckham will be able to take part in a gym session on Wednesday despite the England captain suffering a hairline rib fracture in Saturdays 2-0 defeat of Wales.
BAGHDAD - Two suicide car-bombings killed at least 17 people in Baghdad yesterday as US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld began an unannounced visit to Iraq.
AFP - Canada's government offered its congratulations to Afghanistan following landmark presidential elections there this weekend.
FOR FOUR years, researchers have been pointing to disturbing signs that the popular painkilling drug Vioxx causes heart attacks and strokes with long-term use.
Nigeria's union boss vows to go ahead with a four-day strike from Monday against fuel prices rises.
Doug Brien kicked a 38-yard field goal with 58 seconds remaining to lift the Jets to a victory and move them to 4-0 for the second time in franchise history.
Stephen Gallacher clinched his first win on the European Tour after edging out Graeme McDowell on the first play-off hole in the dunhill links Championship.
AP - From the instant Aaron Boone's home run cleared the left-field wall last October, the Yankees and Red Sox have been building to this.
One of the most feared members of the Bosnian-Serb army, who was accused of decapitating between 80 and 100 Muslims in 1995 and of carrying out the 
Iraqi militants have freed 10 employees of a Turkish construction company taken captive in Iraq in last month, the company #39;s general manager says.
The production capacity of Alcoa Inc. #39;s proposed aluminum plant in Trinidad is being expanded by 29 percent, the prime minister said.
From the instant Aaron Boone #39;s home run cleared the left-field wall last October, the Yankees and Red Sox have been building to this.
Republic of Ireland reaction:  #39;good defending, good organisation and good understanding #39;- in fact a pretty good day, all round!
Stephen Gallacher beat Graeme McDowell with a birdie on the first playoff hole at the Dunhill Links Championship on Sunday to score his first European Tour victory.
New Delhi, Oct. 10. - Her association with India is nearly two decades old. She is someone who had inspired environmentalists here to think big.
AP - One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.
Fisher  amp; Paykel Appliance Holdings Ltd announced the acquisition of US manufacturer Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc (DCS) for a total of \$NZ83.
Vector Ltd., New Zealand #39;s largest electricity distributor, agreed to pay NZ\$877 million (\$601 million) for Australian Gas Light Co.
Q: I need some advice on paying off debt. I am a 52-year-old engineer who was laid off last fall. I have been unable to find another engineering position.
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Friday published a specification to leverage Web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.
CHARLOTTE -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme only remembers one thing about the 1997 draft -- that he wasn #39;t going to be in it.
HOUSTON - John Smoltz, Adam LaRoche and J.D. Drew saved the Atlanta Braves from another quick playoff exit...
Amicus Britain #39;s largest private sector union is urging the Government #39;s Pensions Commission headed by Adair Turner to recommend compulsory contributions from employers into staff pension funds.
The Australian Gas Light Company (AGL) today announced its was ending its 12 year long involvement in the New Zealand energy sector with the \$750 miillion sale of its 66.
LONDON - Two of slain British hostage Kenneth Bigley #39;s captors accepted a large sum of money to help him escape, The Sunday Times reported yesterday.
LONDON - People in England and Wales can now discover at the click of a mouse whether they are living in areas liable to flooding, the Environment Agency says.
AP - Tim Rattay might be a worthy successor to the 49ers' great quarterbacks after all. He just needed the proper motivation  #151; and the right opponent.
Engineering director Pat Symonds was philosophical after a disappointing result at Suzuka  and is looking forward to Brazil with renewed determination.
Two relatives of Mariano Rivera's wife were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at the Panama home of the New York Yankees closer.
OREM - For someone who lit a firecracker of controversy that has sparked across Utah Valley and Utah at large, Joe Vogel is surprisingly demure.
As the Red Sox embark on the American League Championship Series rematch that somehow always seemed fated to happen, they understand that their reward could go even beyond a trip to the World Series.
Wearing their powder-blue throwback jerseys and white helmets from the 1960s, the Chargers did almost everything right in beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-21 on Sunday.
The Indianapolis Colts will be in search of their fourth consecutive win on Sunday, when Tony Dungy #39;s crew welcomes the Oakland Raiders to the RCA Dome.
Lithuanians casting ballots in parliamentary elections Sunday rejected the current ruling coalition for the opposition Labor Party, a sign that many voters liked its promises of lower taxes and higher pay.
Wealthy countries need to do much more to fight global poverty, the international aid agency Oxfam says.
Los Angeles Dodgers #39; Shawn Green watches his home run in the sixth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals Saturday, Oct. 9, 2004, in Los Angeles.
AP - Mount St. Helens vented a new column of steam Sunday, a lazy plume that rose out of the crater of the snow-dusted volcano.
AFP - Australia's re-elected Prime Minister John Howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
Increased life expectancy, higher taxes, falling investment returns and Government tinkering have all contributed to the mess our pensions system is in today.
Reuters - San Francisco linebacker\Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the\first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
Motorsport.com. Valentino Rossi took his seventh victory of the season by masterfully winning today #39;s Malaysian GP at the Sepang circuit.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Sports Network) - San Francisco linebacker  Julian Peterson left Sunday's game against Arizona late in the  first quarter with a torn left Achilles' tendon.
The Patriots set the N.F.L.'s unofficial record for consecutive victories at 19 (counting playoff games) with another grind-it-out performance.
AP - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty.
By the AAP. Olympic finalist Lara Carroll is the fastest qualifier for the 200 metres individual medley final on day four of the world short course swimming championships at Indianapolis.
After going three years without a road victory, the Lions made it two in a row Sunday with a 17-10 victory over Vick and the previously unbeaten Atlanta Falcons.
Egyptian security forces investigating the resort bombings that killed at least 33 people were concentrating their hunt yesterday on a group of previously unknown Egyptian militants.
Shia militias in Baghdad should start handing in weapons on Monday, under a deal with the Iraqi government.
Fisher  amp; Paykel Appliances Holdings Ltd., New Zealand #39;s biggest home appliances maker, agreed to buy Dynamic Cooking Systems Inc.
Experts have identified an array of problems at the Salem nuclear power station, one of the country's largest.
New Enterprise Associates is the biggest stand-alone venture capital operation in the world, and industry critics say the company's girth is a handicap.
My column is dedicated to training and education issues for IT professionals but how much do we think about training for end users, particularly educating users to be security-aware?
Sports India: Tokyo, Oct 10 : Michael Schumacher on his Ferrari breezed to a sixth victory of the Japanese Grand Prix in Suzuka Sunday.
Spring, TX (Sports Network) - Larry Nelson fired an eight-under 64 Sunday and birdied the first playoff hole to win the inaugural Adminstaff Small Business Classic.
The central electoral committee of Lithuania said Sunday early results showed that opposition Labor Party held a wide lead over the center-left coalition government in the parliamentary elections.
Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera traveled Sunday to his home in Panama, where two members of his wife's family died in an electrical accident on Saturday.
Many area executives are advocating competitive sports as a tool for networking, relieving stress, and improving job performance.
Having equipped most adults and half of all teenagers with cellphones, the mobile phone industry is turning its attention to the last untapped demographic - people over 65.
A Delaware court next Monday will begin considering the shareholder lawsuit over the \$140 million severance that Walt Disney paid its former president Michael S. Ovitz.
Top world oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain a cushion of spare supplies of up to 2 million barrels per day (bpd) to meet future demand growth.
Chandler, AZ (Sports Network) - Chris Nallen closed with a one-under 71 on Sunday, but it was more than enough to win the Gila River Golf Classic.
SYDNEY: Australia #39;s re-elected Prime Minister John Howard has hinted he might step aside during his fourth term in office following his latest election win.
Faget designed the original spacecraft for Project Mercury and played a role in the design of every US human spacecraft from Mercury to the space shuttle.
A teacher at the centre of a storm over claims that Prince Harry cheated in A level coursework is due to take his former school to a tribunal today.
After a day-long attempt to delay action, the Senate moved forward Sunday with debate on a \$136 billion corporate tax cut package.
Millions must work longer or save harder to pay for the pensions blackhole detailed in an official study published tomorrow. At 57 billion the annual savings 
AUSTRALIAS Andre Stolz last night edged past Tom Lehman, Tag Ridings and Harrison Frazar to win his first career title on the PGA Tour.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced that his country began on Sunday to levy 16.6 percent of taxes on foreign companies which are extracting crudes from the Orinoco oil field.
Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession yesterday, killing at least 11 people, including a US soldier, and wounding 16, US and Iraqi officials said.
AP - With less than a minute left in their NFL record 19th straight victory Sunday, the New England Patriots finally acknowledged the streak by dousing coach Bill Belichick.
AP - Retired Gen. Tommy Franks launched a four-state campaign swing for President Bush by criticizing Sen. John Kerry's anti-Vietnam War activities and voting record on the military.
A four-day general strike begins against fuel price rises in Nigeria, Africa's biggest oil producer.
LOS ANGELES - Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals sure looked like the best team in baseball...
Britons may need to delay retirement to make up for a lack of pension savings, Work and Pensions Secretary Alan Johnson wrote in today #39;s Observer newspaper.
President Bush plans to continue improving the economy if he wins the 2004 election through his reforms and six-point plan. For all the families in the United States who have lost loved ones 
Michael Schumacher hopes he will go down in history as the only Formula One driver to have claimed a pole position and race win on the same day.
Police armed with batons broke up an anti-government protest march in Dhaka yesterday, injuring more than 30 demonstrators and arresting at least 100, police said.
Verizon and the other Bell companies are offering a service to replace copper wire technology with high-speed fiber optic lines in an effort to hold on to customers.
While PeopleSoft continues to fend off Oracles takeover bid, a subplot is unfolding in the world of corporate software.
Microsoft is set to announce a renewed assault in his war of the tube, one that builds on the companys greatest strength: Windows.
Michael K. Powell, the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, has been at the forefront of efforts to get consumers to buy high-definition TVs.
Hewlett-Packard plans to use inkjet printing to enter a range of new markets, such as television and computer displays, printed electronic circuits, and automotive fuel-injection systems.
During his career as a merger-and-acquisitions lawyer and independent-film executive, Scott Greenstein, has often bet big.
Scotland's Stephen Gallacher wins his first title via a play-off in the Dunhill Links Championship  at St Andrews.
Its attempt to unseat Apple #39;s iPod is falling way short, so a spiffy new player would help this holiday season. Will Dell have one?
AP - Mike Dunleavy scored 17 points and the Golden State Warriors opened the preseason for new coach Mike Montgomery with a 97-79 win over the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night.
It was just a week ago that Miami Dolphins tight end Randy McMichael seemed beside himself after another loss in which his team turned the ball over, made costly penalties and couldn 
A suicide bombing at a Shiite mosque yesterday in this eastern city killed four people, including two security guards who lost their lives confronting the attacker and preventing a far greater number of deaths.
St. Louis advanced to the N.L. championship series for the third time in five years, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers, 6-2, Sunday night.
Jeff Suppan pitches seven strong innings and Albert Pujols drives in four runs to eliminate the Dodgers from the postseason with a 6-2 win on Sunday.
FOXBORO, Mass.  The New England Patriots claimed a place in NFL history Sunday while the Dolphins continued on their march toward NFL infamy.
AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won the Filderstadt Grand Prix in Germany yesterday after world No1 Amelie Mauresmo retired injured at the end of the first set.
Fifth seed Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic beat seventh seeded American Taylor Dent in three sets to win the Japan Open in Tokyo on Sunday.
Two OPEC members are pledging to increase supply or boost reserves as oil prices spiral higher, according to media reports Sunday.
Nearly three years have passed since Microsoft Corp. released the last full version of Windows, the Redmond company #39;s most important and profitable product.
Entering a road contest on Saturday against defending ACC champion Florida State, the Cavaliers are ranked in the top 10 in the country in seven different categories.
Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.
New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera jetted to Panama yesterday to grieve for two beloved relatives electrocuted in a freak accident at his estate during the weekend.
World News: Dhaka, Oct 10 : Shops were shut in Bangladesh as most vehicles stayed off the roads in a daylong strike called by opposition parties to demand the resignation of the government.
Tony Blair will today set out plans for radical reform of the welfare state ahead of a highly critical report on the Government #39;s record on pensions.
The Westfield Group, Multiplex group and Aldersgate Investments have agreed to a joint cash bid for Duelguide, the company that owns UK developer Chelsfield.
or, more accurately, the starter -- the Dodgers were in deep trouble in this one. Manager Jim Tracy made an early move to get his starting pitcher, Odalis Perez, out 
Defensive back Deion Sanders intercepted his first pass in four years, yukking it up all the while with linebacker Ray Lewis and the reinvigorated Baltimore Ravens.
The biggest fear for veteran flanker Wayne Chrebet in his battle to overcome the concussion he suffered last November was not that the next hit could end it all.
Australian PM John Howard says he will focus on national security and the economy during his fourth term.
The sons of the founder of Der Spiegel are opposing minority owner Gruner  Jahr, saying that it threatens the venerable magazines editorial independence.
A Texas prosecutor is in the spotlight as he pursues a case with ties to one of the country's most powerful Republicans, Tom DeLay.
The New York Jets are 4-0 for the second time in their 45-year history, but they know that the road ahead is bound to be more difficult to travel.
The St. Louis Cardinals advanced to the National League Championship Series Sunday with a 6-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Australian Andre Stolz became the ninth first-time winner on the PGA Tour this year Sunday, recording a one-shot triumph at the Michelin Championship.
Australian Brooke Hanson took her personal tally to five gold medals with two victories on the fourth day of the world short course swim championships in Indianapolis today.
Ziff Davis - Symbol's 'access port' will support 802.11a, b and g simultaneously.
Ziff Davis - New software programs enable storage silos to connect with one another.
Contingent deals transform the nation's workforce, not only for temp workers, but also for those in traditional jobs who compete with employees receiving lower pay, few benefits.
Data showing that 16 executives received bonuses in 2002 that were larger than their salaries is called a mismatch with the company's lending mission.
The French president hails billions of euros of business deals as a sign his Chinese trip has been a success.
Actor Christopher Reeve became a worldwide advocate for spinal cord research after a near-fatal riding accident left him a quadriplegic.
For accountant Roger Barnes, the final straw came when he was deliberately excluded last fall from Fannie Mae #39;s preparation for a special review by federal regulators.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has warned Wales that Michael Owen will have a point to prove in Saturday #39;s World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford.
A SINGAPOREAN man broke the world record for eating three cream crackers in the fastest time as part of a wacky competition involving attempts at breaking 10 Guinness World Records.
and regular readers know Im as loath to offend anyone as dogs are to smell disgusting things -d ask, Who needs the World Series?
Ken Caminiti, a National League M.V.P. winner who admitted to using steroids, died Sunday. The cause was a heart attack, according to his agent.
Australia captain Adam Gilchrist warns India could bounce back from defeat.
A sharp rise in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere raises fears global warming is speeding up, reports say.
Ailing British supermarket group Sainsburys showed a further deterioration in its performance today after its third profits warning this year.
General Motors Corp. announced today that it will build a hybrid bus in China with its partners there and study the feasibility of mass-producing those vehicles in the country.
Researchers examining ancient tree-ring records have linked prolonged periods of epic drought in the West with warmer temperatures, suggesting that global warming could promote long-term drought in the interior West.
A defiant David Coulthard says he has no plans to retire from Formula One after the season-ending race in Brazil. The Briton will leave McLaren after the 
Lauren Jackson and the Seattle Storm have forced the WNBA Finals against the Connecticut Sun to a decisive game after a nail-biting 67-65 victory on Sunday.
Even as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld was in Iraq warning that violence could increase before the Iraqi election in January, car bombers struck 
'Voluntary' nature of first phase now even more debatable
Blunkett had final say on legality of request
Ken Caminiti, the 1996 NL MVP who later admitted using steroids, died Sunday of a heart attack.
Officials yesterday sought international help to rebuild villages ravaged by back-to-back storms that left 566 persons dead and 546 missing in mostly poor northern agricultural regions.
What would it take to get you into a brand new prOTOF 2000 mass spectrometer today?
If a shopkeeper tried to charge \$1,000 for a broken computer, you'd probably be outraged. You might even complain to the government.
When it came to her bills, my grandmother kept it simple. Big Mama paid by only two methods: cash or a money order.
MILLIONS face working an extra five years and saving more for their retirement to plug a 57bn pensions black hole, a report will warn tomorrow.
A home run by Albert Pujols and another strong pitching performance on the road by Jeff Suppan moved the St. Louis Cardinals into the National League Championship Series.
For a moment, Julius Peppers #39; 101-yard interception return against Denver yesterday appeared to have turned abruptly from takeaway to giveaway.
The Liberal-National Party coalition government led by prime minister John Howard has been returned to office in Australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support 
A referendum on whether to give citizenship to ethnic Hungarians aboard failed Sunday because of low voter turnout, preliminary official results showed.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is wooing India to create a strategic partnership in Information Technology, the Moscow Times said Monday.
Experts have identified an array of problems at the Salem nuclear power station, one of the country's largest.
Whenever it finally gets done, people will start handing out the credits. Let's make certain the list includes all the deserving parties.
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera was headed back to Panama yesterday, a day after two of his wife's relatives were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at his home.
LOS ANGELES -- Albert Pujols and the St. Louis Cardinals sure looked like the best team in baseball.
NEW YORK -- Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died yesterday. He was 41.
The New York Giants aren't just winning. They're doing the kinds of things winning teams do.
Let the arguments begin. The first Bowl Championship Series rankings are due out in a few weeks and the number of unbeaten teams is shrinking rapidly.
SUZUKA, Japan - Michael Schumacher won his 13th race of the season and first since August when he returned to his dominating form and captured the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday.
The employer of two Chinese engineers kidnapped in Pakistan was hopeful they would be released as their abductors were targeting neither the company nor Chinese, a spokesman for the firm said on Monday.
Two blasts killed up to 18 people, including an American soldier, in Baghdad Sunday hours before Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited Iraq to gauge efforts to calm violence ahead of January elections.
 ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding two Chinese  engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill one on Monday  unless security forces ended a siege of their hideout.
Sainsbury has confirmed fears of weaker-than-expected first-half profit, following a recent analyst downgrade which sparked an investigation by regulators.
SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--As Australia consigns the lengthy federal election campaign to history, the outlook for interest rates returned to center stage Monday as housing 
DCS specialises in high-end, commercial quality cooking equipment, maintaining a 300,000 square foot headquarters and factory in Huntington Beach, California.
The portrait of Ken Bigley, who was murdered in Iraq October 7, stands in front of the congregation during a service at Liverpool #39;s Roman Catholic Cathedral on October 10.
Even by Michael Schumacher #39;s standards, qualifying on pole and then winning his 13th grand prix of the season in one day is a super-human effort.
 Should Fox News keep relying on a political reporter who privately mocked John Kerry as a well-manicured "metrosexual"?
Two car bombs in Baghdad killed at least 11 people yesterday, including one American soldier, and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld visited 
AP - Two soldiers from Task Force Baghdad were killed and five wounded Monday in a rocket attack in southern Baghdad, the military said.
Cameroonians start to vote in presidential elections, marred by allegations of fraud and apathy.
The Cardinals had been waiting for someone to step up and deliver the finishing blow, to squash the Dodgers #39; upset dreams and return them to St.
Much of the credit for the Jets #39; only touchdown yesterday can go to one player. Not Chad Pennington or Chris Baker, who teamed up for a 1-yard touchdown pass with 
Whether we arrive at Fenway in business suits or face paint, Red Sox fans have much in common. We are passionate and knowledgeable, as visiting players regularly report.
The Ravens get three points from their offense but still win, thanks to the Redskins #39; problems on offense and special teams. LANDOVER MD.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told Marines in Iraq Sunday that he expects continued violence before scheduled Iraqi elections in January and that the number of US troops 
Don Imus says Howard Stern #39;s defection to satellite radio is not surprising but adds that the bad boy of broadcasting may have to dodge death rays from the FCC.
Jenson Button set himself a target of winning the final race of the season after again falling just short in yesterday #39;s Japanese Grand Prix.
There was a missed field goal. A turnover inside the 15. Two drives that started in Bills territory that ended with just three points.
Playing his last football until November, Jamal Lewis punished would-be tacklers and kept the Baltimore Ravens offense on the field for nearly the entire fourth quarter.
There has been so little heartbreak from baseball for Mariano Rivera, the greatest postseason player the Yankees have ever had, which means the greatest any team has ever had.
Forget the standings and all the preseason chatter. Matt Hasselbeck and his Seattle teammates know the St. Louis Rams are still the team to beat in the NFC West.
Australia #39;s role in the US-led coalition in Iraq was cemented at the ballot box Saturday when Prime Minister John Howard swept to his fourth consecutive 
The FBI has shut down some 20 sites which were part of an alternative media network known as Indymedia.
New Zealand #39;s biggest appliance maker Fisher and Paykel Appliances said today it acquired United States manufacturer and distributor of premium cooking appliances, Dynamic Cooking Systems.
Venezuela has announced a 16-point increase in the royalties payable by foreign oil companies operating in one of its richest oil fields.
 October 11, 2004. Apple Computer #39;s iPod remains the king of digital music players, but robust pretenders to the throne have begun to emerge in the Windows universe.
AFTER having waited 20 years to renew rivalries with their nearest neighbour, Wales are now probably hoping they could have a similar wait for the next encounter.
Former Australia all rounder Keith Miller has died aged 84, a family spokesman said on Monday. Miller, one of the leading players in Don Bradman #39;s 1948 Ashes-winning 
LOS ANGELES -- This is not the ultimate goal, that much is clear. The Cardinals have a much higher aspiration than winning one postseason series.
One week ago, Rye resident Dan Kressler was surfing the Internet at work when he and a colleague came across an absolute gold mine.
Ken Caminiti, the popular and powerful former National League MVP whose troubled life after baseball included bouts with cocaine and a jail stay, died yesterday at Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx.
Keith Miller, Australia #39;s most prolific all-rounder in Test cricket, died today at a nursing home, Cricket Australia said. He was 84.
TheDeal.com - Try lower, says Oracle CEO Larry Ellison on the witness stand in Delaware's Court of Chancery.
AP - A car bomb exploded Monday in western Mosul as an American military convoy was passing by, witnesses said. First reports indicated it may have been a suicide attack.
 WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Islamic militants holding two  Chinese engineers hostage in Pakistan threatened to kill one on  Monday unless security forces ended a siege of their hideout.
A government-commissioned report on UK pensions will say tomorrow that retirement savings are less than previously estimated, pension experts said, putting pressure on Prime Minister Tony Blair to act before elections.
Sven-Goran Eriksson says that he will select either the three-pronged strikeforce or Shaun Wright-Phillips on Wednesday night, but not both.
At one end of Texas Stadium, in a sea of blue seats vacated by deflated Cowboys fans, 100 or so Giants fans gathered over the tunnel where the 
Israeli tourists flock to this idyllic stretch of coastline between Taba, on the Egyptian-Israeli border, and Dahab to the south. Small seaside camps 
the second UN peacekeeper to be shot in Haiti over the weekend. On Saturday a Brazilian was hurt in the capital 
Insurance firm Royal   Sun Alliance says it is cutting 1,100 jobs in the UK and moving the posts to India.
Polish consumers rush to sign up for shares in the country's largest bank, scheduled to make its stock market debut next month.
Struggling UK supermarket chain Sainsbury's issues its third profit warning of the year, saying half-year profits are set to fall to as little as 125m.
Somalia's new president Abdullahi Yusuf promises to reunite and rebuild the country after 13 years of war.
The UKs oldest independent stockbroker was today being linked to a deal involving the sale of a 50 stake to US bank JP Morgan Chase.
Demand for expensive LCD televisions is not growing fast enough to absorb output from a slew of new factories starting production, and analysts expect prices to keep falling into 2005.
Westfield (WDC) and a new company to be formed by Multiplex Group(MXG) and the Reuben brothers today announced they are to propose a \$1.
SINGAPORE - Singapore #39;s economy slowed in the third quarter but still recorded growth of 7.7 year-on-year, the government said Monday.
SYDNEY: Australian housing finance figures show a weaker-than-expected 0.4 percent rise in the number of mortgages taken out during the month of August.
Larry Nelson needed a huge comeback, and an extra hole, to win his second Champions Tour event of the year. Nelson rallied from seven strokes off the lead and made a 5-foot 
Analysts #39; roasting began before Stern #39;s departure; can congloms fix medium? By Matthew Flamm Published on October 11, 2004.
Bill Parcells knew the game was getting away from the Dallas Cowboys. Yet he thought one jolt could put them back in control. So with Dallas down only six points and 
Sun and Kodak settled their long-running intellectual-property dispute last week. It #39;s far from the last such clash we #39;ll see.
But even she didn #39;t believe it as she looked over her shoulder five times in the last 600 meters at Sunday #39;s LaSalle Bank Chicago Marathon.
ATLANTA -- The Detroit Lions have learned to win on the road. Michael Vick still is trying to get a handle on the West Coast offense.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Prospects bright in the Wi-Fi arena
After years in blissful slumber, federal regulators last month suddenly sprang awake, leaped up and slapped Fannie Mae upside the head.
That #39;s despite assurances from Middle East oil producers that they were committed to bringing the price down as a strike began in Africa #39;s largest exporter.
The Supreme Court today stayed the Madras High Court order appointing Justice (retd) S Mohan as the Interim Administrator of BCCI.
NEW YORK It appears New York Yankees ace relief pitcher Mariano Rivera will be ready for tomorrow night #39;s American League pennant series opener against Boston.
Micky Adams resigned from second division Leicester City on Monday, bringing to an end a turbulent reign of highs and lows at the troubled club.
A Canadian board of inquiry is convening in Scotland to investigate the cause of the fire on the submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, in which an officer was killed.
The prosecution in the Schabir Shaik trial will add another accused to its list of 10 on Wednesday, the Durban High Court heard today.
One of the UK's gaming clans has scored a double success at the Olympics of the gaming world.
Researchers have found flight simulators may help treat people for chronic dizziness.
House price growth slowed in August, with London seeing the lowest increases in prices, government figures show.
Two UN peacekeepers are shot in Haiti over the weekend amid increasing tensions on the island.
Rapper-producers Kanye West and Lil Jon  win three awards each at the Source Hip-Hop Music Awards in Miami.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen flat to slightly lower at the open Monday as investors grapple with Friday's disappointing jobs report...
British insurer Royal  amp; SunAlliance said Monday it plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years in a bid to cut costs.
Industry giants AMD, Intel, Dell, Microsoft and Sun have thrown their weight behind a web services specification that could provide a common way for systems to access and exchange management information.
Agere is working to make tiny drives the heart of MP3 players and other devices. But are nonstandard approaches worth the risk?
Forget Internet2. The National LambdaRail is the most ambitious network research project going. But can it save the optical networking industry?
A company which makes software that infiltrates users #39; computers and demands \$30 to be removed has been targeted by US authorities.
IBM has beefed up its popular BladeCenter offering with the introduction of six new models and improved power management features.
Melbourne - Australian Keith Miller, rated one of cricket #39;s greatest and crowd-pleasing all-rounders, died here on Monday aged 84.
Canada #39;s defense minister has spoken of his pride at the way the crew of a crippled submarine acted after a fire on board the vessel that killed an officer.
Barca expanded their lead with Real Madrid #39;s lackluster 0-0 draw at Villarreal in the Spanish first division league on Sunday.
Canada's defence minister praises the bravery and quick thinking of a submarine crew during a fire in rough seas.
One of the country #39;s biggest insurance firms, Royal  amp; SunAlliance, is to transfer more than 1,000 jobs to Bangalore in India.
In a statement today supermarket chain Sainsbury said it expected first-half profits to drop nearly two-thirds compared with last year as a result of loss of market share.
As information security threats have grown more lethal in the past decade, many senior executives still remain in the dark when it comes to protecting their organizations.
Dell Inc. said Thursday that it has won a \$700 million, 5-year contract to provide computers and services for Royal Philips Electronics.
Ken Caminiti, a former Houston Astros third baseman and National League Most Valuable Player whose career came crashing down under the burden of drug and legal problems, died of a massive heart 
While Tom Brady, fat-lipped courtesy of an unidentified Dolphins defender, took a knee in the backfield as the final minute ticked away, Rodney Harrison and Richard Seymour 
Microsoft intensified its legal assault on spam with the filing of seven lawsuits against alleged spammers marketing sexually explicit material, the company said last week.
A sweeping corporate tax bill that would dole out nearly \$140 billion in business breaks over the next decade was unexpectedly delayed in the Senate on Sunday over its failure 
Sainsbury expects first-half profits to slump nearly two-thirds from last year, as it bleeds market share to rivals and reels from an exodus of top staff.
Liverpool forward Harry Kewell will be fit for Australia #39;s Confederations Cup qualifier against Solomon Islands on Tuesday after shrugging off a groin injury on Monday.
Canada will hold a naval inquiry into the cause of a fire that broke out on a submarine last week, killing one sailor and leaving the vessel drifting in the Atlantic, Canadian Defense 
Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo announced Monday charges had been filed against six men in the deadly February bombing of a ferry.
Officials in Haiti say two soldiers with the UN peacekeeping force in the Caribbean country have been shot and wounded in separate incidents.
The high-profile fraud and corruption trial begins of Deputy President Jacob Zuma's financial advisor.
Women are better at  maintaining their self-control when they drink, researchers find.
Former world number one Justine Henin-Hardenne has decided to quit tennis for the rest of the yearin a bid to recover from exhaustion.
Australian cricket legend Keith Miller passed away peacefully today, aged 84, in a nursing home on the Mornington Peninsula, south of Melbourne.
US Defense Secretary Donal Rumsfeld paid a secret visit to Iraq on Sunday and inspected plans to secure precarious areas ahead of the national elections in January.
The death toll from flash floods and landslides in India #39;s northeast in the past week has risen to 162, with another five bodies recovered today.
Old age is "an illness for which there is no cure" for many employers, according to new research.
Company plans to begin shipping in February its Open Enterprise Server, which combines open source and commercial networking platforms.
The battle over digital copyrights and illegal file sharing is often portrayed as a struggle between Internet scofflaws and greedy corporations.
A Mac news site says iPods that display digital photos may be under Christmas trees this year.
About 4.4 million now under recall; firm says units can overheat, possibly causing fire or shock. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Dell Inc.
A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the city of Lahore, killing at least four people and injuring others, officials said.
Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
A TEENAGER has set a wacky new world record ... by stuffing more than three McDonald #39;s burgers into his mouth without swallowing.
The Bush administration's efforts to carry out the first phase of the law have been plagued with difficulties.
roundup Plus: Blizzard wins online game suit...CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge.
Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
Britains leading insurance firm Royal and Sun Alliance today announced it would shift 1,100 of its jobs to India, saving the company 18 million dollars annually.
The company has placed chief credit officer Sandra W. Jansky and controller Jorge Arrieta on paid administrative leave until the review is completed.
Sainsburys showed further evidence it was suffering at the hands of price-cutting rivals today as it warned that first half profits would slump by nearly two-thirds.
Poles signed waiting lists for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
and it has caught the government on the hop. Tony Blair will be told this week that a staggering 10 million pensioners could end up in chronic 
Sony has once again reiterated its plan to ship PlayStation Portable (PSP) in Japan by the end of the year and in Europe and the US during Q1 2005.
Microsoft, Sun and a trio of other leading hardware vendors today published the WS-Management specification, which spells out how data centers can use Web services 
Two American soldiers were killed and five injured Monday in a rocket attack in Baghdad. The military said the incident occurred in the southern part of the city but provided no other details.
AP - A Bosnian Serb war-crimes suspect accused of genocide in the 1995 massacre of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys surrendered Saturday, the government said.
The Bush campaign runs a new attack ad against John Kerry, saying he fails to understand the war on terror.
Oil prices on the London market broke through the 50 US dollars per barrel level for the first time during Monday morning trading.
Michael Vick continues to look very uncomfortable in the West Coast offense. He is not natural in his movements and is trying to be the  quot;perfect quot; quarterback.
SunTrust Banks Inc., the seventh- largest US bank, said it will restate results for the first and second quarters of this year because the company incorrectly calculated loan losses.
Stocks bobbed higher at Monday #39;s open after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
Caminiti #39;s career spanned 15 years, during which he played with four different teams (Houston, San Diego, Texas, Atlanta) before retiring three years ago.
US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said yesterday the number of troops in Iraq could be cut after the January elections in that country.
LG.Philips LCD said Monday its third-quarter net income dropped on year and fell short of forecasts, as high supplies led to lower prices of its liquid crystal display panels.
Television has been something of a great white whale for Microsoft. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TVs and cable boxes.
SOCCEROOS coach Frank Farina believes the return of Harry Kewell has re-invigorated his side for tonight #39;s dead rubber with the Solomon Islands.
BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Former No. 1 player Justine Henin-Hardenne ended her season Monday because of continued problems with an energy-sapping virus.
Former National League Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti died of a heart attack at age 41 in New York, the New York Times reported Monday.
Scotland captain Barry Ferguson and defender Russell Anderson missed training on Monday and are struggling to be fit for the World Cup qualifier in Moldova.
Reuters - They may share a\border but South Africa's Kruger National Park and the copper\mines around the town of Phalaborwa are worlds apart.
More international co-operation is needed if spam is to be stopped, a conference is told.
Stocks bobbed higher Monday morning after two sessions of heavy selling driven by surging oil prices and a disappointing employment report.
The X Prize Foundation and the World Technology Network announced today the formation of a joint venture to launch a series of technology incentive prizes to help spur innovation 
There are hundreds of wannabe Hollywood star names who could attest to it. That is, inheriting a famous name does not always mean that the path to global acclaim will be easy.
The European Union on Monday ended 11 years of sanctions against Libya and eased an arms embargo to reward the North African country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
The Manchester City flier is hoping to win his second cap in Azerbaijan on Wednesday night while the injured and suspended England skipper is forced to sit the game out.
Maxime Faget conceived and proposed the development of the one-man spacecraft used in Project Mercury, which put the first American astronauts into suborbital flight, then orbital flight 
Mobile operator Vodafone UK has launched Vodafone Text Centre, a service that allows users to send and receive text messages from PCs.
German engineering and manufacturing company Siemens will add more broadband technology to its growing portfolio of new high-speed wireless systems slated for delivery early next year.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers defender Craig Moore is expected to be out eight weeks as he will have hernia surgery Monday.
The news got worse for the Solomon Islands when it was confirmed Australia #39;s leading player Harry Kewell was passed fit to play in the second leg of the Oceania Nations Cup final.
England are sitting pretty and well on the way to World Cup qualification after beating Wales - and with the added bonus of new options opening up for Sven-Goran Eriksson all the time.
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers lost their pennant hopes Sunday, with a 6-2 National League Division Series loss to the St.
PC World - Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.
Cleveland-based Parker Hannifin Corp. has completed its acquisition of Sporlan Valve of Washington, Mo., the companies said Monday.
Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.
Computer Sciences Corp. won a \$1.35 billion contract to manage phone and computer networks for Ascension Health, the biggest US nonprofit health care system.
The Federal Trade Commission has taken the first step to crack down on the wave of spyware that is being installed on user #39;s machines without their knowledge.
Siemens Communications said Friday that it will develop wireless broadband products using FLASH-OFDM technology from Flarion Technologies.
NINTENDO will defend its dominance of the portable games market with the launch of the wireless Nintendo DS, a handheld double-screen console, the video game maker says.
Web Services Management supports a full spectrum of usage models, including the management of everything from silicon components and handheld devices to PCs, servers and large-scale data centers.
The Atlanta Braves don #39;t have the dominating pitching or explosive hitting of previous years, but they do have a penchant for scratching out wins, as they did Sunday, beating 
A bomb planted by the Muslim militant group Abu Sayyaf led to the sinking of a Philippine ferry and the death of more than 100 people in February, the government said on Monday.
Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.
Group is asking the Supreme Court to overturn decision in favor of file-swapping networks.
Royal  amp; Sun Alliance, the UK #39;s second biggest insurer, today incurred the wrath of unions by announcing plans to move more than 1,000 jobs to India.
Parker Hannifin Corp., a maker of motion-control equipment, said Monday it completed its acquisition of refrigeration and air conditioning company Sporlan Valve Co.
More than half of the latest vulnerabilities to IT systems are commonly identified loopholes that organisations have failed to fix, since discovering them last year.
The US Senate, after a weekend of behind-the-scenes negotiations, struck a deal to allow passage of a sweeping bill to provide \$136 billion (?110 billion) in corporate 
The FTC has taken legal action in an effort to shut down Seismic Entertainment Productions and SmartBot.Net -- two companies that have become notorious as distributors of spyware.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Joey Harrington threw for a touchdown and Artose Pinner ran for another as the Detroit Lions upset Atlanta 17-10 at the Georgia Dome.
The vote by EU foreign ministers in Brussels Monday came after lobbying by Italy to lift the ban, so Libya can strengthen its borders against illegal immigration.
Guaranteed pension benefits hang like the Sword of Damocles over corporate earnings.
Whether formed on Earth or brought here by meteorites, -amino acids are widely assumed to have been present in the prebiotic chemical soup.
The foreign ministers #39; meeting of the European Union (EU) decided in Luxembourg Monday to lift the arms ban against Libya, which the bloc imposed 18 years ago.
Ariel Sharon, the Israeli Prime Minister, has said he will put his Gaza settlement withdrawal plan before parliament at the end of the month.
A car bomb exploded at a US military convoy in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, causing several casualties, the army and Iraqi officials said.
AP - Experts say few migrating monarch butterflies are being spotted in Vermont this year where once they were common autumn sights.
AP - Despite a federal rule changing the type of hooks that longline fishermen may use, the sea turtle population is declining, officials say.
Reuters - Namibia lost a bid on Monday for\permission to export 4,400 pounds of ivory annually at a United
Russian oil and gas company Yukos has suffered another setback in its battle to avoid paying billions of dollars in back taxes and avoid bankruptcy.
Financial problems in the airline industry are imperiling the federal fund that backs pension plans for 44 million Americans. Two senior government officials have delivered that 
Medical products company Abbott Laboratories said Monday it agreed to buy nutrition products company EAS Inc. in a cash-for-stock deal worth about \$320 million.
Maverick Tube Corp., a maker of welded tubular steel products, on Monday said it expects to exceed previously announced third-quarter earnings guidance of \$1.
Although companies need to protect against the flaws, many of the related information security risks and costs could be removed if businesses forced vendors to test systems before rollout, according 
AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft and Sun Microsystems have joined forces on Web Services Management, a new specification that promises to simplify systems management.
America Online, Inc. is reported to be developing a Web browser based on Microsoft Internet Explorer technology. It is not known when the browser will be released 
Late in the third quarter, Dolphins tight end Randy McMichael flinched, and Patriots linebacker Rosevelt Colvin pushed him to the Gillette Stadium turf.
For all the highlights he #39;s provided in a 33-game career, Michael Vick reminded the Atlanta Falcons that he can lay an occasional egg, too.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed on Monday to put his Gaza withdrawal plan to a parliamentary vote on Oct. 25, despite persistent violence in the coastal strip 
Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat on Monday hinted that Israel was behind the suicide attacks in Sinai and said the PA was holding contacts with the Egyptian government on the issue.
A 60-year-old women has become an unlikely Australian hero after jumping on the back of a 4m-long crocodile when it attacked a man asleep in a tent.
The tech consultant signs a 10-year contract to manage Ascension Health's IT infrastructure.
Russian oil giant Yukos suffers another blow in its tax battle after a Moscow court rules it must pay \$1.4bn (778m) in fines.
Finn Kydland and Edward Prescott have won the Nobel prize for economics for their work in showing how business cycles affect international trade.
Moscow schoolchildren are to wear army-style dog tags as Russia tightens security after the Beslan school siege.
The bill's tax breaks, while worth about \$140 billion over 10 years, is also designed save that much by closing shelters and raising customs fees.
Foreign-born New Yorkers who plead guilty to misdemeanors are increasingly being turned over to immigration authorities for deportation.
Tata Consultancy Services of India has signed a deal to provide information technology to famous Italian Formula One racing team Ferrari.
Sun Microsystems has agreed to pay Eastman Kodak \$92 million to settle an intellectual property dispute between the two companies, Sun disclosed last week.
TEMPE - For the first time in 10 years, students on all campuses in the Tempe Union High School District will be on the same calendar starting next fall.
The code, which was open-sourced in April, will be used for the administration tool that connects to the MySQL database.
Networking giant launches new program for resellers targeting small and midsize customers.
One of the past snags in gaining acceptance of PC components in couch-potato HQ has been the difficulty of integrating them into a home entertainment network.
An impressive England win over Wales.a game they looked in complete control..means only one thing for Azerbaijan.defeat. This England side is beginning to look like a formidable outfit.
President Arroyo announced the filing of charges against six Abu Sayyaf members believed behind the SuperFerry bombing and the Dos Palmas kidnapping.
 LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Los Angeles Dodgers third  baseman Robin Ventura has decided to call it quits following a  16-year Major League Baseball career.
The coaches can defend Mark Brunell and the offense all they want, but it's a unit that hasn't yet scored 20 points in a game.
Acquisitions such as the one for the development studio are more about people and technology than anything else.
Every year, you're given the chance to have a say in how the companies you own are run. Don't blow it. Vote.
Sports India: Madrid, Oct 11: England football captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid Wednesday and resume light training despite fracturing a rib, reports Xinhua.
five new HS20 models and one new JS20 blade server. The company also is rolling out new features designed to improve the performance of BladeCenter systems.
He tied the course record at TPC at Summerlin with the best final round this year on the PGA tour, tying the best ever Sunday score in the Michelin Championship.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Olympic swimmer Katie Hoff finished third in a race Sunday night at the Short Course World Championships in Indianapolis.
AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:
AP - The 69-17 roll call by which the Senate voted Monday to approve a  #36;136 billion corporate tax bill.
The US Senate easily gave final congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by repealing US export 
Honda Motor Co. expects the introduction of its new gas-electric version of the Accord to boost its US sales of hybrid vehicles to more than 45,000 next year.
The specification builds on the WS-architecture that a vast group of engineers have been working on for more than two years to develop specific standards.
Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Justine Henin-Hardenne has decided against playing any more tennis for the rest of 2004.
Ireland and Birmingham City striker Clinton Morrison needs knee surgery and will be sidelined for a month, his Premier League club said Monday.
MySQL developers turn to an unlikely source for database tool: Microsoft. Also: SGI visualizes Linux, and the return of Java veteran Kim Polese.
Addition of high-end graphics to computers based on open-source platform helps company go beyond its proprietary products.
Boeing (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is prepared to discuss the elimination of billions of dollars in tax breaks it receives from Washington 
The latest version of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center turns a specially configured PC into a photo album, DVD player, music center and TV set.
Survivors of a fatal fire on a submarine today spoke of their experience as Canadas defence minister said he could not rule out suing the British Government.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
The Moscow Arbitration Court ruled Monday that the embattled oil giant Yukos must pay \$1.34 billion in fines and penalties as part of a \$4.
Andre Stoltz won the Michelin Championship at Las Vegas by one stroke, the first career US PGA Tour victory for the 34-year-old Australian.
The rebel cleric #39;s followers began handing in weapons Monday, but some are bent on continuing to fight American forces in Baghdad.
AFP - The dollar drifted higher against the euro in a modest recovery after Friday's decline following weak US job creation numbers for September.
Lockheed Martin Corp. won a contract potentially worth \$3 billion to provide managed network services to the U.S. Postal Service.
Communicating can be tricky when a company or a government agency has workers in different locations and even different time zones.
The cable television company has taken an aggressive and, critics say, sometimes heavy-handed, approach to protecting its interests in the Maryland county.
The sixth title in the seemingly endless Mortal Kombat franchise -- 12 years and counting -- is about much more than blood-soaked, hand-to-hand fighting.
Cisco Systems Inc., the world #39;s largest maker of computer-networking equipment, formed an alliance with Fujitsu Ltd. to increase sales to Japanese telephone carriers.
Oracle co-president Safra Catz said today Oracle's hostile \$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft could drop by one-third to one-fourth.
The steel tubing company reports sharply higher earnings, but the stock is falling.
The bill aims to raise the same amount of money by closing tax shelters, raising customs fees and dropping a tax benefit.
The office equipment supplier jumps into the growing market of placing cheap calls over the Net.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is ordering foreign oil companies to pay much higher taxes, in a move to tighten state control over his country #39;s vast petroleum resources.
A Russian court has ruled that embattled oil firm Yukos must pay nearly all the fines and penalties connected to its 2001 tax bill.
The US Senate on Monday passed a corporate tax bill that would dole out 136 billion dollars in new tax breaks to a wide array of US companies.
The legend of Michael Vick appeared to be on the verge of ballooning yet again as he dropped back to pass in the game #39;s waning moments.
The team said that an ultrasound at Henry Ford Hospital revealed that Williams indeed had suffered a sprained ankle, but not the more severe high ankle sprain.
An opposition party led by an ethnic Russian businessman appears headed for victory in Sunday #39;s Lithuanian parliamentary election.
The firm scraps an alliance with Moxell to bring Motorola-branded plasma TVs, LCD TVs and monitors to North America and China.
Procter  amp; Gamble (NYSE: PG) is the latest company to experiment with new-age advertising techniques to lure the consumer dollar.
Founded in 1990 by Bill Phillips and then sold in 1999 to a North Castle Partners, EAS is being acquired by Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT).
Saudi Interior Minister Prince Nayef bin Abdul Aziz speaks during the GCC Interior Ministers meeting in Kuwait, Sunday Oct. 10, 2004.
Among health care experts there is a surprising consensus that the U.S. must inevitably adopt some kind of universal coverage.
Skeptics wonder how the 10 newest members of the European Union will ever meet the economic conditions for adopting the euro.
NewsFactor - Bill Gates is about to announce a new step in Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) home-entertainment strategy.
As its battle with Oracle continues, the software maker attempts to offer some good news by unveiling tools designed for manufacturers.
Juventus #39;s French international striker David Trezeguet will be out of action for three months after a scheduled shoulder operation, the Serie A club said on Monday.
AFP - Australian basketball star Lauren Jackson is hoping she can raise a Storm that can block out the Sun one more time.
AP - Nashville Predators right wing Adam Hall and Buffalo Sabres center Tim Connolly signed with European teams, making it 200 NHL players who have headed overseas during the lockout.
Nominating a successor to Fed chairman Alan Greenspan could be President Bush's biggest economic decision next year.
Perhaps the most important question you can ask when receiving a hot tip: "Why are you telling me this?"
The company has come up with some on-demand advertising. Will it woo viewers?
Heavy consumer spending in the United States strains the global economy and also sustains it.
Venezuela announced a dramatic increase in royalties for foreign oil companies operating in the petroleum-rich country, El Nacional reported Monday.
US stocks were higher on Monday, as investors were optimistic that corporate earnings reports may come in better than expected, but relentlessly high crude oil prices reined in advances.
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission, in cooperation with the firms named below, have announced the voluntary recall of the following consumer product.
Without admitting or denying allegations, Sun Microsystems has entered into a formal settlement agreement with the Eastman Kodak Company to settle all claims in pending litigation between the parties.
Baltimore #39;s Deion Sanders, recovered from his hamstring injury, made his first interception in four years in last night #39;s 17-10 win over Washington.
MOSUL, Iraq - A car bomb struck a US military convoy on Monday in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, an Iraqi police officer told AFP.
President Jacques Chirac has been busy talking up the advantages of trade with France on his current Asian tour - but back home the newspapers have been lukewarm on his performance.
The European Union has agreed to lift its long standing sanctions against trade with Libya. The move was taken today by foreign ministers of the 25 member union.
Senator John McCain plans to introduce legislation requiring Major League Baseball players to be tested for steroids.
The Dow Jones industrial average is up 21 points at ten-thousand-75. Gainers on the New York Stock Exchange hold a narrow lead over losers.
NEW YORK, Oct 11 (AFP) - World oil prices scaled record peaks Monday, rising on concern over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
Survivors of a fatal fire on a submarine have spoken of their experience as Canada #39;s defence minister said he could not rule out suing the British Government.
PANAMA CITY, Panama Yankees reliever Mariano Rivera will return to the club in time for game one of the American League Championship Series against Boston Tuesday night.
Sixth-seeded Guillermo Canas of Argentina beat wild card Julian Knowle of Austria 6-2, 6-4 Monday on the first day of the CA Trophy.
World oil prices are continuing to scale record heights, rising on concerns over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
Officials from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the British Office of Fair Trading (OFT) hosted the first international meeting of spam enforcement agencies today in London.
Spyware has come under target of the Federal Trade Commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two Internet based advertising and software firms be closed.
BEIJING -- French President Jacques Chirac hailed business deals worth 4 billion euros Sunday as a sign that a state visit to China intended to improve economic ties had been a success.
AP - Congress has passed and sent to the president a bill that would establish the Lewis and Clark National Historical Park in Oregon and Washington state.
