Tom Lehman is just one shot back at the Funai Classic at the Disney Magnolia course. Lehman has not won in nearly five years.
Ohio State's national championship win over Miami in 2002 is the only time in recent memory that the college football season has ended absolutely free of controversy.
US Marines engaged rebels on the outskirts of the Iraqi insurgent stronghold of Fallujah for a second day, the US military said in an e-mailed statement.
Japan may say it found its 15th case of mad cow disease in an animal found in Mie prefecture, Kyodo News said, citing the local government.
Citigroup said regulators warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division.
When Morris Chang, the founder of the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
Philips might have started selling PCs again, but they are still outsourcing their internal PC needs. And Dell is the lucky one to get the deal worth around USD 700 millions!
Officials fear that for a new generation of disaffected European Muslims, Iraq has become the crux of a new holy war.
AP - A federal agency ruled Friday that shifting more Northern California water to Southern California will not jeopardize five threatened or endangered species of fish.
WASHINGTON - Oil prices cruised above \$55-a-barrel yesterday as concerns about the global supply of winter fuels persist ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Stefan LeFors completed his first 13 passes, threw for one touchdown and ran for another in Louisville #39;s 41-9 victory over South Florida on Friday night.
Stefan LeFors completes his first 13 passes, throws for one touchdown and runs for another in No. 15 Louisville's 41-9 victory over South Florida on Friday night.
AP - Jimmy Green helped Colorado State win back the coveted Bronze Boot, running for 124 yards and a touchdown Friday night in a 30-7 victory over archrival Wyoming.
Caesars Entertainment Inc. has agreed to sell its Bally #39;s Casino New Orleans for about \$24 million, company officials said Friday.
Ziff Davis - Google's phishing vulnerabilities could foretell new security threats for major Internet companies cozying up to the desktop.
Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar is set to return for next week's third test against Australia in Nagpur after coming through a fitness check on Saturday.
Oil prices climbed again yesterday, closing above \$55 a barrel for the first time, on concerns that supplies will be stretched thin this winter while demand from China remains solid.
President Bush yesterday signed into law the most sweeping changes to the corporate tax code in nearly two decades. The bill creates roughly \$140 billion in tax cuts for businesses and 
Ericsson, the world #39;s largest maker of mobile phone networks, posted a quarterly profit on Friday, but reported disappointing new orders and offered a subdued outlook for 2005.
US space probe Cassini will near Titan, one of Saturn #39;s moons, on October 26 to take pictures with the aid of radar, NASA said.
Ten years after the World Series was canceled and fans left in droves, Major League Baseball will tell you it has never been healthier.
There has been much talk lately about the chase for the championship and whether or not NASCAR has met its objectives by changing the points system.
BAGHDAD: Preliminary court martial proceedings were held on Friday for two US jail guards accused of abuse of Iraqi detainees in Baghdads Abu Ghraib prison.
Nextel Communications said earnings and subscriber growth for the full year would exceed initial estimates.
The Pentagon has all but abandoned hope that Halliburton Co. will be able to fully account for all expenses associated with supporting US troops in Iraq and is considering an accounting armistice.
Playing another aggressive game, Bryant scored 25 points as the Los Angeles Lakers posted a 113-102 preseason victory over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Elf ingenuity aside, if Santa wants to make sure he has enough of the holiday seasons video game must-haves, he had better start pre-ordering now.
Kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan pleaded for her life in a tearful videotape Friday, saying she feared facing the same fate as British hostage Kenneth 
AFP - The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China's Henan province rose to 77 as rescuers continued to search for any survivors, state media reported.
Ryan Newman shattered the track recorded at Martinsville Speedway Friday afternoon, capturing the pole for Sunday #39;s SUBWAY 500 NASCAR NEXTEL Cup race.
Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped Iraq director of the aid group CARE International, pleaded for her life in a video that played on the Al-Jazeera Arabic news network Friday 
AP - THE ISSUE: While the race for the presidency is now a virtual dead-heat between President Bush and Democrat John Kerry, on Election Day it could turn into a landslide.
China hoped to become a highly competitive producer of crocodile meat, hides and shoes, but that dream has been difficult to realize.
The vote set the stage for enactment of the international treaty aimed at reducing emissions blamed for global warming.
The fight for the support of conservationists, hunters and anglers is being waged from the pages of Field and Stream magazine to the strategy sessions of the Sierra Club.
Mikhail S. Gorbachev has decided to devote his post-presidential years to campaigning for the protection of the environment.
Defense lawyers in the Walt Disney trial on Friday tried to undermine the credibility of a witness who testified that company directors neglected their oversight 
Brian Joubert of France won the men #39;s figure skating title Friday at Skate America, finishing with an overall score of 193.46 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
AP - Briny Baird has played 153 times on the PGA Tour without winning, and he gets another chance this weekend in the Funai Classic at Disney.
AFP - Hamid Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 percent, according to the official poll website.
AP - After taking the fall in Green Bay, Ed Donatell has gotten right back up with the Atlanta Falcons.
but not exact d when he campaigned for office. Criticized by environmentalists for owning a gas-guzzler, Schwarzenegger 
The toll from Hurricanes Charley and Frances widened Friday as Florida reported it lost 9,500 jobs, the first drop in employment in two years.
 The Cardinals won a major league best 105 games, andfinished 13 games ahead of second-place Houston in the National League Central.
HAMID Karzai maintained his clear majority in the Afghan presidential elections as the vote count passed 75 per cent today, according to the official poll website.
With the help of Republican Senator Olympia Snowe, Maine emerged a clear winner in the corporate tax relief bill signed by President Bush yesterday.
President George W. Bush signed a \$136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts' biggest manufacturers, life sciences companies, and even some fishermen.
Custom-designed imported furniture was once an exclusive realm. Now, it's the economical alternative for commercial developers and designers needing everything from seats to beds to desks for their projects.
Undefeated Harvard at Princeton, defending Ivy League champion Penn at Yale, and Atlantic 10 North Division leader Northeastern at Maine highlight today's Division 1-AA New England football schedule.
Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, may report a fifth consecutive quarterly loss while Gold Fields Ltd.
BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A roadside bomb exploded near an American military patrol in Baghdad Saturday, injuring six soldiers, the US command said.
SEOUL -- North Korea set three conditions yesterday to be met before it would consider returning to six-party talks on its nuclear programs.
The Internet's chock-full of information and persuasion to help you solidify your vote.  Here's a quick guide.
President George W. Bush signed a \$136 billion corporate tax relief bill yesterday that could provide substantial savings for some of Massachusetts #39; biggest 
AP - California has become the first state to reward landowners for leaving forests standing to help control global warming, under a program adopted this week by the California Climate Action Registry.
A leftist party in Uruguay is hoping an online game will help it attract young voters.
THIS weekend sees the  quot;other quot; showdown between New York and New England as the Jets and Patriots clash in a battle of the unbeaten teams.
Resurgent Australian Alicia Molik went through to the semi-finals of the Zurich Challenge in Switzerland overnight after a straight sets win against Russia #39;s Nadia Petrova.
United Airlines agreed Friday to hire a consulting firm to review its pending business plan, a step sought by two unions in exchange for dropping legal action against the carrier.
Maria Sharapova posted a convincing 6-3 6-4 victory over seventh seed Venus Williams in their first-ever meeting at the Swisscom Challenge indoor tournament in Zurich.
The pound rose for its second week against the dollar on speculation that the currency reflects too much pessimism about the outlook for the economy.
In the 18 months since America declared victory in the war against Iraq, the contrast in military styles of the two pillars of the coalition could not be starker.
The Belgian tennis ace, 21, called Hewitt to end their relationship without giving a reason - then posted a statement on her website.
Formula One #39;s governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Hank Kuehne knows he is something of a curiosity, a golfer with enormous gifts who can hit the ball jaw-dropping lengths. All of that is fine, and Kuehne 
Nintendo makes some noise with two new titles in the run-up to Christmas, says the BBC's Daniel Etherington. 
Indian batting star Sachin Tendulkar is passed fit for the third Test against Australia in Nagpur.
Prince Charles' spokesman says Prince Harry will not apologise to a photographer he scuffled with.
Researchers coax cells in a petri dish into learning to guide a plane. The project should lead to a better understanding of how the brain works. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Nine people have been killed in a car bomb blast at a US-Iraqi base in western Iraq, hospital officials in the nearby city of Haditha say.
It was not a pitch Roger Clemens regretted. Inner half of the plate, a little up and 94 mph. The Rocket is going to Cooperstown on such pitches.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson says he is confident his players have enough self-control to avoid any trouble in Sunday #39;s showdown at Old Trafford against Arsenal.
A strong earthquake with a magnitude of 6.8 has jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas, but there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries and no tsunami warning was issued.
Icelandair has bought a small stake of 8.4 in easyJet. Hannes Smarason, chairman of Icelandair announced last week that his company would expand.
AFP - The government spent 1.75 billion pounds last year to hire outside consultants, some of who were paid roughly 10 times that of a civil servant doing same job.
A Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel over the assassination of Hamas #39; spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin in March was killed today, the armed wing of the militant Islamist group said.
City officials and business leaders reacted differently yesterday to news of a possible sale of Legoland California, this community #39;s largest tourist draw.
Chelsea #39;s Jose Mourinho insists rival managers Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger are good friends despite their bitter Premiership rivalry.
South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young accepted an international sport court #39;s ruling on Thursday that rejected his appeal for a gymnastics gold medal at the Athens Olympics.
A senior UN official has warned that no solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will be found without international involvement.
PRINCE Harry will not apologise to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.
That would imply that any of the men in the Smart Ones Smart America competition last night were left standing, and they were not.
AFP - A strong earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale and a series of aftershocks hit Japan's capital Tokyo and its surrounding areas, the Meteorological Agency said.
Friday #39;s lesson of the day at the Charles Schwab Cup Championship: When in doubt, fight back. If still in doubt, fight back some more.
The US ice dancing team of Tanith Belbin and Ben Agosto, Skate America defending champions, retained their No. 1 overall standing following the original dance competition last night.
Under a web of Army rules, thousands of part-time soldiers injured on duty in Iraq and elsewhere are navigating a system suited to full-timers.
Years after exposure to space radiation, many astronauts' vision becomes clouded by cataracts. Understanding why may shed light on cataracts suffered by elderly people.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell is beginning his four-day trip to East Asia Saturday with a visit to Japan. In the coming days, Mr.
Reuters - The wireless industry, not content\with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,\is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
A MONTH after becoming a father for the fourth time Paul Broadhurst is hoping to have something else to celebrate tomorrow night - his first European Tour victory since 1995.
London - Prince Harry will not make a public apology for his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub, his spokesperson said on Saturday.
 KABUL (Reuters) - Several people were wounded on Saturday  when a bomb went off in a crowded part of the Afghan capital,  witnesses said.
AP - A suicide attacker detonated grenades on a commercial street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, killing himself and wounding six other people, including two foreign peacekeepers, police said.
A visiting scholar whose computer has been linked to a hacker attack at the University of California, Berkeley, released a statement late Friday saying she believed her equipment 
The Palestinian militant group Hamas said Saturday it executed a Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel. A statement said al-Qassam Brigades executed Hassan Musallam 
AP - Terry Pilkadaris of Australia shot an even par 72 Saturday to take a two-stroke lead after the third round of the inaugural Shanghai Open.
AFP - Prince Harry will not make a public apology for his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub, his spokesman said.
At least six people including two peacekeepers are hurt in a blast in a popular Kabul shopping area.
ARKALYK, Kazakhstan A US-Russian space crew is preparing to leave the International Space Station and return to Earth, ending a six-month mission.
The day after Scott Rolen slugged a two-run home run to help St. Louis beat the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the National League Championship Series, he was asked 
Sports India, Cricket: Mumbai, Oct 23 : Sachin Tendulkar is to play in the third cricket Test against Australia in Nagpur commencing Tuesday.
10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.
Swedens Johan Edfors and South Africas Darren Fichardt both went to the turn in 32 today to take over the lead in the Madrid Open.
A suicide bomber killed himself and wounded at least seven others including three members of the NATO-led peacekeeping force in an attack on a busy shopping street in central Kabul Saturday.
In 1918, Albert Einstein proposed that large objects bend the space around themselves while turning on their axis. In 2004, NASA scientists confirmed that the Earth bends the time and space around it while 
New York - The Web portal Lycos Europe on Friday terminated a spam-fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of Internet civility.
Revenues were \$907 million for the third quarter of 2004, a 154 increase compared to \$357 million for the same period of 2003, it says.
COLUMBUS -- Troy Smith predicted earlier this season something severe would happen and he #39;d finally get his shot to quarterback the Ohio State Buckeyes.
The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 is found dead in the Alps.
AP - NFL career rushing leader Emmitt Smith was inactive with a toe injury for the Arizona Cardinals' game at the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
At least eight people are dead from a car bomb that exploded outside the gates of a US base in western Iraq. US military and hospital officials say around 48 people were injured near Ramadi 
The narrative of homegrown athletes triumphing over foreign opponents resonates with Russian sports fans, reaffirming their conviction that their country #39;s athletes are no worse, and 
KABUL, Afghanistan -- Police in Afghanistan said a suicide attacker exploded grenades on a commercial street in the Afghan capital, killing himself and wounding six others.
: Prince Harry will not apologize to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.
Johannesburg - Norilsk Nickel included escape clauses in its pact to support Harmony #39;s takeover bid for Gold Fields, according to the agreement.
Yahoo! may be one step closer to challenging Google in searchable web-based e-mail. It has purchased the start-up behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
A Connecticut researcher on leave at UC Berkeley said Friday she tried to follow all the rules when she stored a confidential database on a campus computer system that was broken into by a hacker.
MARTINSVILLE - Halfway into the Chase for the NASCAR Nextel Cup, the competition comes to a half-mile track where intensity -nd history  - inherent.
RUBENS Barrichello delighted his home crowd as he led a Ferrari one-two in the second practice session for the Brazilian Formula One Grand Prix.
After two months of treatment, headlines, anxiety and frenzied speculation, Sachin Tendulkar was cleared finally to return to Test cricket yesterday.
Refrigeration rules clash with old ways, and fresh mozzarella is at risk.
CANADIAN Paul Tracy grabbed pole at the Gold Coast Indy Champ Car meeting yesterday and predicted today #39;s race would be won in the sprint to the first corner.
AP - Tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko rallied in Ukraine's capital Saturday demanding that next week's presidential election be free and fair.
This weekend the Nextel Cup heads into the second half of the Chase with a trip to Martinsville, the final short track on the schedule.
AP - When the busload of campaign volunteers left Arlington, Mass., on Saturday to knock on doors in neighboring New Hampshire, Rep. Ed Markey was on it.
SAN JOSE, CALIF. - A keychain device that enables people to turn off TVs just about anywhere is flying off the shelves, its inventor says.
Millions in the US have already cast their ballots under early vote programmes that could attract one in five.
Pakistani troops in Waziristan begin a new search for Islamic militants, among them a former US detainee.
The dollar is poised to decline against the euro, creating its longest losing streak in almost a year, a Bloomberg News survey indicates.
US stocks fell sharply as record oil prices and disappointing sales forecasts from Microsoft Corp. spurred losses in technology shares.
The Italian Treasury has raised 7.5 billion euros (\$9.5 billion) from the sale of almost 20 percent of utility company Enel (ENEI.
Apple Computer today sent out an invitation to press outlets to attend a special event next week. Steve Jobs, Bono and The Edge invite you to a special event.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Broadhurst carded a three-under 68 on Saturday to hold onto a share of the lead after the third round of the Open de Madrid.
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 and several aftershocks hit northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least three people and injuring more than 250 while knocking 
It seems that Microsoft will release a Second Edition of Windows XP: If you thought that Service Pack 2 for Windows XP was the last of the big updates, think again.
Reuters - Russia's lower house of parliament\ratified the Kyoto Protocol on Friday, clearing the way for the\long-delayed climate change pact to come into force worldwide.
Last summer, Yahoo! purchased e-mail company Oddpost and now it has acquired Bloomba which analysts compare to Microsoft #39;s Outlook e-mail program.
At least four people were killed andmore than 200 others injured in a series of powerful earthquakes in northwestern Japan, mainly in the Niigata Prefecture, on Saturday evening.
In the first admission of its kind, a senior Hamas official disclosed on Saturday that the movement has a number of factories in the Gaza Strip for manufacturing various types of weapons.
Reuters - Suspected Algerian Islamic\militants killed 16 people in the first attack on civilians\since the start of the holy month of Ramadan, officials said on\Saturday.
AFP - US officials conducting an aggressive campaign to foil potential terrorist attacks ahead of the US election have reportedly found no specific, hard evidence of an election-related terrorist plot.
Both campaigns have laid out plans for a barrage of visits and television advertisements in these key battlegrounds over the next 10 days.
A synchrotron acts like a gigantic microscope that generates intense beams of brilliant light to view the microstructure of materials.
A suicide bomber killed himself and a 12-year-old girl and wounded six people on a busy tourist street here on Saturday afternoon, apparently in an attempt to attack international peacekeepers.
Don #39;t look for Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger to sit down for a drink after Sunday #39;s critical showdown between Man United and Arsenal.
Separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, police say.
World champion Michael Schumacher will lose ten grid positions on the Brazilian grand prix grid after crashing heavily in a shortened Saturday practice.
_ A suicide car bomber set off an explosion Saturday at a police station near a US Marine base in western Iraq, killing at least 16 policemen and wounding 40 other people, officials said.
A senior royal aide jumped to the defence of Prince Harry today and insisted he would not apologise for a scuffle outside a nightclub with a paparazzi photographer.
Over the last three decades, the number of Hispanics choosing "some other race" has surged rapidly, making it the Census Bureau's fastest growing racial category.
Reuters - Pakistani tribesmen launched a house-to-house hunt for al Qaeda-linked Islamic militants in a tribal region near the Afghan border on Saturday.
Boston was tingling with anticipation on Saturday as the Red Sox prepared to host Game One of the World Series against the St. Louis Cardinals and take a step toward ridding 
A Taliban suicide fighter killed himself and wounded at least seven others, including three members of a NATO-led peacekeeping force, in a grenade attack on a busy shopping street in central Kabul.
Millions of children have poured into schools as country after country has made primary education free.
Oil futures prices surged to new heights above \$55-abarrel on Friday as concerns about the global supply of heating oil persist ahead of winter in the Northern Hemisphere.
A series of powerful earthquakes and aftershocks rattled northern Japan on Saturday, killing at least seven people and injuring more than 700 as buildings crumbled, a 
President Bush used his weekly radio address Saturday to urge passage of recommendations by the 9/11 commission, so he can sign them into law by Election Day.
Eidur Gudjohnsen scored a hat trick Saturday to help Chelsea beat Blackburn 4-0 in the Premier League and close the gap to league-leading Arsenal to two points.
Firefighters are seen on the roof of a destroyed house after powerful earthquakes at Ojiya, northwestern Japan, Saturday, October 23, 2004.
AN Iraqi militant group has posted a video on its website showing the beheading of a man it accused of being a spy recruited by US forces in the northern city of Mosul.
INSURGENTS in Iraq have killed at least 11 police and national guardsmen in two suicide car bombings, while a roadside bomb in Baghdad has wounded six US soldiers.
AP - Iowa held Penn State's offense scoreless, making Kyle Schlicher's two first-half field goals stand up for a 6-4 victory on Saturday.
A UK team is developing a way to use mobile phones to make lives of diabetics easier.
Somalia's new president  asks the African Union to send 20,000 peacekeepers to secure the country.
As President Bush stumped through the 2000 battleground state of Florida, Senator John Kerry sought to expand turnout among the growing Hispanic population in the Southwest.
AP - The Supreme Court on Saturday refused to place independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot in Pennsylvania, upholding a state court finding of flawed signatures on voter petition sheets.
AP - Two weeks after denying he knew anything about it, the campaign manager for a Democratic congressional candidate has admitted having someone obtain public records on the Republican opponent.
The US economy has pulled out of a midyear pause and should grow well for the rest of 2004, Federal Reserve Governor Susan Bies said on Saturday, adding that 
It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that 
Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile phone screens in three years.
Jayson Williams, acquitted in April of aggravated manslaughter in the shooting death of a limousine driver, worked out with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday.
A suicide attacker has detonated grenades on a commercial street in Kabul city centre, killing himself and injuring seven other people, including three foreign peacekeepers, officials said.
Remains after explosion are seen at the place where a suicide attacker hit Chicken street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, Oct. 23. 2004.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Saturday his country would not pass on sensitive technologies to other countries.  quot;India will not be the source of proliferation 
Ferraris Brazilian driver delighted his supporters with a pole position at his home race. At Renault, things seem low-key but the team is optimistic.
Eleanor Roosevelt's Derrick Williams and his family have noticed that the recruiting process has changed significantly in the past decade because of the Internet.
AFP - Germany's top literature prize was awarded to Wilhelm Genazino, 61, the German academy of language and poetry said in Darmstadt.
AP - Jason White threw for 389 yards and four touchdowns against a defense geared up to stop Adrian Peterson, and No. 2 Oklahoma defeated Kansas 41-10 on Saturday.
Kenyon Martin said he felt unappreciated because the Nets never made him an offer when he came a free agent this summer.
Oil prices climbed Friday, closing above \$55 a barrel for the first time, on worries that supplies will be stretched thin this winter while demand from China remains solid.
The federal government says they have a plan to do business more efficiently but that could mean job losses for those working in Ottawa.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova had to fight off a strong challenge from Daniela Hantuchova before reaching the quarter-finals of the \$1.
A troupe of models streamed on to the court of the Madrid Masters tennis tournament today - and into the centre of a controversy about whether they were trivialising the competition.
Several powerful earthquakes rattled northwestern Japan over a span of two hours Saturday, toppling and setting alight homes, causing blackouts, cutting water and gas services and derailing a bullet train.
Shares of Google Inc. rose as much as 20 percent on Friday, to trade at more than twice the level of it cut-price IPO, after the 
AP - With three months left before a landmark election, a group of hard-line Sunni Muslim clerics may hold the key to Iraq's future.
The Renault F1 Teams Spanish driver may only be starting eighth, but he is bullish about his chances in tomorrows Brazilian Grand Prix.
AP - Tracy McGrady insists Orlando Magic general manager John Weisbrod was transferring blame by saying players failed to take responsibility for an abysmal season.
_ A jury has ruled that Union Carbide was not fraudulent in how it sold asbestos for use by Kelly-Moore Paints in its interior finishing products.
KOREAN giant Samsung Electronics said it had developed the world #39;s first handphone equipped with a state of the art five-megapixel camera.
Russian and US crew members begin their return to Earth, leaving two men on the International Space station.
Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
SAO PAULO, Brazil -- The hometown favorite won the pole position at the Brazilian Grand Prix, after the seven-time world champion crashed during practice.
Iran has not accepted a proposal of the European Union (EU) to trade nuclear technology with its uranium enrichment program.  quot;It is just at the initial stage.
AFP - English Premiership strugglers Crystal Palace were hit by a killer last minute goal as they went down 1-0 to fellow Londoners Charlton.
Tens of thousands march in a tense Kiev in support for the opposition ahead of next weekend's election.
One day before the 40th anniversary of Zambian independence from colonial rule, Zambia #39;s government publicly apologized Saturday to its founding father, Kenneth 
Even-mannered and analytical possibly to a fault, the word just fits Bill Snyder. It #39;s more than just Snyder #39;s goal for the Kansas State offense.
Tracy McGrady feels that Orlando general manager John Weisbrod was saddling the new Houston guard with most of the blame for the Magic's terrible showing last season.
On social and economic policy, President Bush and Senator John Kerry present a philosophical contrast that is one of the starkest in modern presidential campaigns.
Michael Owen scored his first Spanish league goal Saturday to lead Real Madrid over defending champion Valencia 1-0. Owen, who scored the match-winner in the seventh minute, got his first 
Opener Sanath Jayasuriya hit an epic double hundred yesterday to put Sri Lanka in command after four days of the first Test against Pakistan at the Iqbal Stadium.
Delta Air Lines Inc. could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as early as next week, a source familiar with the matter said Friday.
Tom Lehman shot a five-under-par 67 on Saturday to join Briny Baird at the top of the leaderboard after the third round of the Funai Classic.
Paul Peterson threw a 30-yard touchdown pass to Tony Gonzalez with 54 seconds left to give Boston College a 24-23 victory over No.
An earthquake measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale, and a series of aftershocks rocked central Japan on Saturday, killing at least 10 people including four children, officials and reports said.
AP - Steve McNair was put on the inactive list by the Tennessee Titans before Sunday's game against the Indianapolis Colts.
The decisions on the disengagement plan to be made by the cabinet today and the Knesset on Tuesday may be essential steps, but they still will not ensure its implementation.
Oracle Corp has reiterated that its stalled merger with PeopleSoft Inc is not the only acquisition opportunity it is considering, and said that talks with other potential targets are already in progress.
JEDDAH, 24 October 2004 - War-shattered Iraq, which will certainly benefit from a peaceful situation like any other country, has great potential for growth.
TITAN, the most mysterious of Saturns moons, could surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest-ever approach this week.
NEW YORK - Texas Instruments is to bring live digital television broadcasts to mobile phones for the first time in a development that it claims could revolutionise the industry.
The Formula One season ends at the Brazilian Grand Prix at So Paulo today, and there is still no doubt who is the best driver in the world.
Jason Ricks kicked a 28-yard field goal with 55 seconds left and No. 22 Oklahoma State rallied from a 17-point deficit to beat Missouri 20-17 on Saturday.
Interim Haitiam Prime Minister Gerard Latortue speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Saturday, Oct.23, 2004.
AP - A federal appeals court on Saturday reversed a lower court's ruling that Ohio voters could cast provisional ballots on Election Day anywhere in the county in which they are registered.
AP - Two small private aircraft violated restricted air space Saturday over two of President Bush's campaign rallies in central Florida, authorities said.
COCA-Colas agreement with the European Union is the first sign that new chief executive Neville Isdells painfully slow reform of the company may at last be getting under way.
Senior military officers have threatened to leave the Israeli army in protest at Ariel Sharon #39;s proposals for disengagement from Gaza.
ASK a Democrat in Massachusetts whether he would rather see John Kerry win the presidency or the Boston Red Sox take their first World Series since 1918, and chances are the answer will be easy.
World number one and defending champion Vijay Singh was stalking joint leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird after the third round of the \$4.
Strong aftershocks rocked northern Japan on Sunday, after a barrage of powerful quakes jolted the region the day before, killing at least 14 people and toppling buildings.
An association of US textile importers and retailers says it has filed a lawsuit to stop the US Commerce Department from considering import quotas on Chinese products sought by textile manufacturers.
Michigan hands Purdue its second straight home loss, 16-14, behind freshman running back Michael Hart who gains 206 yards on the ground.
Two Islamic Jihad militants are killed in an Israeli air raid in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say.
Global oil prices boomed on Wednesday, spreading fear that energy prices will restrain economic activity, as traders worried about a heating oil supply crunch in the American winter.
Observing the financial juggernaut that is Citigroup is a bit like sitting down to watch the local TV news in a typical big American city.
Argentine David Nalbandian entered the Madrid Master final on Saturday, scoring 6-4 and 6-4 victory over Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia.
Substitute Diego Tristan headed in a late equalizer Saturday to earn Deportivo La Coruna a 1-1 draw with Malaga in the eighth round of the Spanish league.
he Florida Gators were upset 38-31 by Mississippi State, who entered the game with a 1-5 record, including a loss to Div-IAA Maine.
It #39;s the unwritten rule of sports. A starter who has to sit out games because of an injury should return to the lineup once healthy.
AP - Texas' Cedric Benson became the sixth player in NCAA Division I history to rush for 1,000 yards in four consecutive seasons Saturday night.
Trade talks on lifting the Japanese ban on US beef ended in Tokyo Saturday with some progress and pledges to talk again. A source close to the talks said the two sides reached 
AP - More than 650 politicians and intellectuals vowed Saturday to push for a constitutional amendment to stop Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak from serving another term in office
AP - Brazil successfully launched its first rocket into space, 14 months after a devastating accident that killed 21 space agency employees and damaged the reputation of the country's space program.
A new fund is the first exchange-traded fund listed in the United States to focus exclusively on mainland Chinese companies.
The economic cost of the Iraq war may be larger than what has actually been spent directly on the war.
Alvin Pearman runs for a career-high 223 yards and a touchdown Saturday, and No. 14 Virginia piles up 511 yards of offense in a 37-16 win over Duke.
The FCC approved rules for transmitting broadband over power lines, providing a way for high-speed Internet access to be delivered through home electrical outlets.
World number one Vijay Singh has moved to within striking distance of joint third-round leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird at the Funai Classic.
Even his biggest fans might see Steven P. Jobs, Apple Computer's chief executive, as a brilliant dunce.
An estimated half-million people make a full- or part-time living by auctioning everything from macram to Maseratis on the Internet.
On-line customization was a slow starter in the 1990's. But as technology has improved, so has the variety.
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan #39;s age and length of tenure must be taking its toll on his thinking processes and memory.
Curt Schilling has the heart of lion but only one good ankle, which makes him think he could be seeing more bunts than usual Sunday night when he faces the St.
A Soyuz capsule made a soft landing in complete darkness in the steppes of Kazakhstan early on Sunday, bringing a US-Russian space trio back to Earth from the International Space Station.
 Glaciers in the Antarctic and in Greenland are melting much faster than expected, and the fastest moving glacier in the world has doubled its speed.
A series of powerful earthquakes rocked northwestern Japan within minutes of each other on Saturday leaving 13 dead and over 700 injured.
As the first star-driven film to cross completely over to the digital domain, "The Polar Express" might change the way movies are made and seen.
In hindsight it is becoming clear that the strong economic growth over the past two years depended on bringing in large quantities of capital from the rest of the world.
The Australian team-led by Adam Gilchrist is in Nagpur for the third test match, which begins on Tuesday. The Australians will start net practice today morning.
Truck maker Navistar International Corp. said late Thursday US securities regulators are seeking information related to its pension accounting practices.
While Florida QB Chris Leak still remains among the top quarterbacks in the Southeastern Conference, his consistency has become a concern in recent weeks.
Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the pre-dawn darkness.
A Soyuz capsule made a soft landing in complete darkness in the steppes of Kazakhstan early on Sunday, bringing a US-Russian space trio back to Earth from the International Space Station.
BOSTON Boston has scored twice in the seventh inning to take an 9-to-7 lead over the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series opener at Fenway Park.
Michael Owens second goal in as many games won over the Real Madrid supporters - justifying the England strikers unwavering belief that he can be a success in Spain.
And there was certainly much to discuss around the campfires of Martinsville Speedway Saturday morning. Is moody Kurt Busch worthy of a Nextel Cup title?
A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.8 shook northern Japan on Saturday, rocking buildings hundreds of miles away.
AFP - Germany's auto industry was once its pride and joy.
Insurgents launched several strikes on Saturday, with the deadliest attack occurring outside a Marine base in western Iraq.
Brazil successfully launched its first rocket into space, 14 months after a devastating accident that killed 21 space agency employees and damaged the reputation of the country's space program.
Soelden, Austria - Anja Paerson picked up where she left off last year, winning the season-opening World Cup giant slalom in solid fashion on Saturday.
Down, 20-7, the Boston College players got together at halftime yesterday and decided they didn #39;t want to go down quietly, see their three-game winning streak against Notre 
Presidents of some Latin American countries have sent messages for a prompt recovery to Cuban leader Fidel Castro, who injured a knee and an arm after a fall on Wednesday.
The Wolfpack is unable to stop the vaunted Hurricanes offense as Miami rallies from an early defecit to stomp N.C. State 45-31.
Flying solo around the globe non-stop has been hailed as the last great aviation challenge on earth by Sir Richard Branson, who has put more than 1 million into the project.
Don #39;t look for Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger to sit down for a drink after today #39;s critical showdown between Manchester United and Arsenal.
Spain #39;s Santander Central Hispano plans to raise an initial 1 billion pounds from the sale of closed-life books owned by Abbey National, the Sunday Times says.
Have children lost their fondness for Lego #39;s colourful plastic building bricks in this age of high-tech, interactive computer games and electronic gadgetry?
A Russian Soyuz craft has landed in Kazakhstan bringing an American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts back from the International Space Station or ISS.
It appears Purdue has a knack for letting games slip away. Literally. For the second week in a row, a Boilermakers fumble sealed their fate.
Florida State players are rapidly learning than an excellent defense can cover up a multitude of mistakes. The Seminoles received yet another strong performance from their 
Dozens of aftershocks have shaken northern Japan on Sunday after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people and injured some 1,400 
A suicide car bomb detonated outside the gates of a Marine base in western Iraq on Saturday, killing at least 16 Iraqi police officers and wounding 40 others at a police checkpoint.
Afghan police are investigating a suicide grenade attack in the center of of Kabul that injured seven people, including three international peacekeepers.
Yahoo! has purchased a privately held e-mail software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
SEATTLE Oct 21, 2004 - Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
GAZA CITY - Two Islamic Jihad militants died in an Israeli air raid at Khan Younes in the Gaza Strip overnight, hospital officials said Sunday.
AP - This time Julian Tavarez's meltdown came on the pitcher's mound.
Gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the US economy.
KALPAKKAM: India on Saturday urged the West to remove blocks on the transfer of critical nuclear technology, offering an assurance that New Delhi had effective tools to prevent proliferation.
Tom Lehman made two eagles Saturday for a 5-under 67 that left him tied for the lead with Briny Baird in the Funai Classic at Disney.
AS A responsible nuclear power, India is ready to work with like-minded countries in strengthening the global non-proliferation system.
Exports to Japan to resume under an agreement to ease a 10-month ban prompted by a case of mad cow disease in Washington state.
AP - He slips. He trips. He lets it rip. That's Manny Ramirez.
WASHINGTON A report says the Transportation Security Administration paid Boeing too much for a contract to install bomb-detection equipment at airports.
Intel spokesman Bill Calder noted,  quot;We looked at the investment required and the return on investment, and we decided to focus our resources in other areas of higher return.
They were on the cusp of reaching the World Series in 1980. They had the vaunted New York Mets on the ropes in the 1986 National League Championship Series.
After going without a goal in Major League Soccer postseason play, Earnie Stewart finally delivered for DC United last night against the MetroStars in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference semifinals.
washingtonpost.com - Internet photo sites are scrambling to exploit the digital camera boom with new products and -- in some cases -- lower prices.
For one thing, even if Chinese growth slowed in the third quarter, it won #39;t indicate whether Asia #39;s second-biggest economy is avoiding a hard landing.
Suspected Islamic militants killed 16 people in a pre-dawn attack south of the Algerian capital on Saturday, an official statement said.
The second round of Lithuania's general elections begins, with a Russian tycoon hoping for power.
Shopper traffic returned to levels above the previous year, Wal-Mart Stores reported Saturday. Free! Sign up here to receive our Internet Daily e-Newsletter!
and a key ACC victory. The Hurricanes remained unbeaten by outscoring NC State 45-31 before a national-television audience and an awestruck sellout crowd.
AP - Kosovo's beleaguered Serb minority largely boycotted general elections Saturday, dealing a blow to international efforts to create multiethnic harmony in the province.
The test series between India and Australia, fierce rivals in recent years, did not need a shot in the arm. But the return from injury of Sachin Tendulkar 
AMR Corp. plans to furlough as many as 1,100 employees in Kansas City and St. Louis, according to published reports late Friday. Free!
Brazil launches its first rocket into space,14 months after a deadly accident killed 21 people.
AP - In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the pre-dawn darkness.
Readers of Physics World magazine recently were asked an interesting question: Which equations are the greatest?
England international Michael Owen scored his second goal in two games to earn Real Madrid a morale-boosting 1-0 win at home to champions Valencia in the Primera Liga on Saturday.
Vince Young answered his critics Saturday night. He had a career-high 300 yards of total offense, ran for four touchdowns and threw for another to lead No.
Israel #39;s cabinet will today decide on a bill that would set out how to implement prime minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Visiting Commonwealth Secretary-General Donald Mckinnon Saturday urged Pakistan and India to resolve the lingering Kashmir issue through talks and appreciated Pakistan #39;s role 
Reuters - The test series between India and Australia, fierce rivals in recent years, did not need a shot in the arm.
Manchester United fans have promised Malcolm Glazer a continued campaign of hostility after the American business tycoon increased his take in the Old Trafford club.
AFP - The world is a book and those who do not travel read only a page.
Tom Lehman watches his tee shot on the 18th hole of Disneys Magnolia golf course Saturday during the third round of the Funai Classic in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.
The death toll from a series of powerful earthquakes in central Japan has reached 18, with more than 800 injured. The biggest quake measured 6.8 on the Richter scale.
The options on the winter coat rack seem endless: wool blends, puffy downs, tweeds, leathers, dark, bright, short, long.
Doing things right isn't enough. In today's fast-churning marketplace, business leaders must do the right things right.
WASHINGTON -- Without a doubt, many employees who have access to a retirement plan at work contribute some money to it.
Buckle up, folks. The 100th World Series is off to a, shall we say, perversely entertaining start.
At all corners of cold and ancient Fenway Park Friday afternoon, there was a bustling of activity as preparations were being made to stage the World Series.
It happens at this time every year. And no, it's not the World Series or the Head of the Charles.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Without a doubt, it was the biggest catch of his career.
PRINCETON, N.J. -- You've got to wonder what kind of team Harvard would be if the Crimson got into the flow of their games earlier.
A 1-yard touchdown dive by John McCoy with 45 seconds remaining yesterday sparked New Hampshire to a 33-27 win over Hofstra in Durham, N.H.
Dan Orlovsky threw for 260 yards and two touchdowns and Cornell Brockington rushed for two scores to lead Connecticut to a 45-31 win over visiting Temple.
It was a wild ride and NC State held on for as long as it could, but eventually it reached speeds too high for the Wolfpack, as No.
Strong aftershocks are still shaking northern Japan after the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 18 people.
AFP - A Russian Soyuz spacecraft bringing back three astronauts from the International Space Station landed in Kazakhstan, Russian space officials announced.
Nine Formula 1 teams issued proposals to dramatically reduce costs in the sport next year as they turned the heat on world champions Ferrari on Saturday.
As he prepared for a potential game-winning field goal in the waning moments Saturday, Florida State senior Xavier Beitia had several teammates tell him they believed in him.
OJIYA, Japan -- Thousands of residents in northern Japan spent the night outdoors after three powerful earthquakes rattled the region, killing at least 16 people.
Japan and the United States agreed yesterday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since December after a case of mad cow disease 
Belgian authorities destroy two Asian eagles infected with bird flu found at Brussels airport.
More than 250 scientists from eight nations ended four years of study last month by releasing a report warning that Arctic ice is melting rapidly because of global warming.
Microsoft has posted the full transcript of CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s appearance yesterday at the Gartner Symposium and ITxpo in Florida.
You could rattle off the statistics, one after another, as the growing list of baffling facts begins to define the repulsiveness of this defeat.
What is it about Red Sox players hitting the foul pole late at night to win World Series games?
Afghan authorities say a US translator has died after a suicide bombing in Kabul, bringing the number killed to three.
Painstaking effort and computer power went into cleaning up the original Star Wars trilogy for its DVD release.
AFP - Sri Lanka defeated Pakistan by 201 runs in the first cricket Test here to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match series.
Sir Alex Ferguson insists Manchester United will always be the top team in the country as they prepare to face Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
You make the right turn off Storrow Drive onto Boylston Street, and that #39;s when you get the first look at the little green ballpark.
Even after Israel withdraws from the Gaza Strip, it will still be considered under international law as the occupying power and be held responsible for the crowded territory, according 
AFP - Seven men on trial for multiple sex abuse crimes on remote Pitcairn Island should know their fate this week, but if convicted they will not immediately go to gaol.
AFP - Well-heeled farmers, furious over a proposed law to ban fox hunting, have blocked military from using their land for training exercises.
Oil closed above \$55 a barrel yesterday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina of Russia was in good condition late Saturday after falling headfirst onto the ice during the free skate at Skate America in Pittsburgh.
The bodies of 49 Iraqi soldiers have been found shot dead Northeast of Baghdad, police and Iraqi National Guard officers said. They said 37 bodies had been recovered on Saturday and another 12 earlier on a 
Tens of thousands of people supporting opposition presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko rallied in Ukraine #39;s capital yesterday demanding that next week #39;s presidential election be free and fair.
Boston- Maybe this really is the Red Sox #39;s year. If it isn #39;t, explain how they could win a game like the one they did Saturday night?
Insurgent commanders in the Iraqi city of Falluja say they are not holding hostage Margaret Hassan, an aide worker who holds British and Iraqi citizenship, and condemned her kidnapping.
An American woman and an Afghan girl died from wounds suffered in a Taliban suicide attack in a popular Kabul shopping street, US embassy and hospital officials said on Sunday.
BERKELEY, Calif.) - The personal information of more than a (m) million Californians may have fallen into the hands of a computer hacker.
AP - A State Department security officer was killed Sunday near Baghdad airport, U.S. officials said.
The Patriots and Jets appear to be taking different approaches into today #39;s game, and that might help explain the difference between these two 5-0 teams.
A lot of so-called college football experts predicted a second straight losing season for embattled head coach Tyrone Willingham and the Notre Dame football team this fall.
Indications show that Afghanistan #39;s Interim President Hamid Karzai has won the first presidential elections in the country #39;s history.
Jerry Zovko #39;s contract with Blackwater USA looked straightforward: He would earn \$600 a day guarding convoys that carried food for US troops in Iraq.
Robots are set to become increasingly familiar companions in homes by 2007, says a United Nations survey. Seven times more robots will helping us out with the cleaning, security and entertainment in three 
Microsoft posted its first-quarter 2005 financial results last week, reporting revenue of US\$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion.
Michael Owen was ecstatic following his second match-winning goal in his last two matches for Real Madrid over the weekend against Valencia.
Rivas missed a 38-yard field goal attempt wide left in the third quarter that could have extended No. 13 Michigan #39;s lead against No.
Soldiers declared  quot;mission accomplished quot; as the battle group convoy of more than 200 vehicles arrived at the relative safety of Shaibah Logistics Base.
The bodies of about 50 Iraqi soldiers who were killed in an ambush by insurgents were found in a remote part of eastern Iraq, Iraqi officials said today.
The hometown favorite won the pole position at the Formula One Brazilian Grand Prix in Sao Paulo, Brazil, after the seven-time world champion crashed during practice.
The Intel Pentium M processor 765 will be featured in Intel Centrino mobile technology-based systems being introduced worldwide. Intel is also shipping boxed versions of the new processor to 
The use of robots around the home to mow lawns, vacuum floors, pull guard duty and perform other chores is set to surge sevenfold by 2007, says a new UN survey 
Behind the dominant play of their defense and another stellar rushing effort from Mike Hart, the Michigan Wolverines escaped West Lafayette with a 16-14 victory over the Purdue BoilerMakers.
Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General, Ron Prushor, said on Sunday that the Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel in the near future.
The Houston Rockets have been beaten 95-72 in a pre-season game Sunday by the Orlando Magic, led by former Rockets guard Steve Francis.
JERUSALEM The Israeli Cabinet has approved legislation to pay compensation to settlers uprooted by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Gaza withdrawal plan.
AFP - Eurozone economic indicators to be released in the coming week will show that business and consumer confidence is falling and that inflation is rising again, economists said.
The mounting insurgency in Iraq has claimed the lives of more than 30 Iraqi civilians and security forces during the past two days.
Early results from the Afghan election suggest interim president Hamid Karzai has won enough votes for victory.
Ray Kopp enjoyed tooling around in a hydrogen- powered Honda prototype vehicle so much that, for a moment, he pictured driving one home.
The Renault F1 Teams third driver won in Formula Nissan in 2002. He knows the track very well and explained it for us!
That #39;s because the Bedminster-based telecommunications company warned of the impending trouble two weeks ago in light of its exit from marketing residential phone service.
An American woman and a young Afghan girl have died from their wounds after a suicide bomb attack in the Afghan capital of Kabul. A Taliban suicide fighter blew himself up in the attack.
Rubens Barrichello wakes up this morning at his home in Sao Paulo this morning and savours the prospect of his first Brazilian Grand Prix victory.
Presient Bush swept through battleground state Florida yesterday as his campaign launched an attack ad linking John Kerry to Fidel Castro.
\$150,000 mortgage for only \$610/month. Lower your mortgage. Free quotes. Apply now - bad credit OK.
AFP - A technician in the Royal Navy has become the first serviceman in Britain's armed forces to be officially recognised as a Satanist, the defence ministry said.
Reuters - The wireless industry, not content\with getting corporate executives addicted to e-mail on the go,\is setting its sights on the instant messaging generation.
Looking tired but elated, a Russian-US crew completed a six-month mission in space early Sunday with an on-target and on-time landing in the steppes of Kazakhstan.
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has set a goal of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the Internet revolution.
First and foremost, the Red Sox can hit. They look like a slow-pitch softball team, with all that unruly hair, and they tee off on pitches like one.
A Russian Soyuz spacecraft has brought back American and Russian astronauts from space. The capsule landed safely in Kazakhstan early today, precisely on time and on target.
Woody Williams tried cutting the ball. He tried sinking it, tried spinning it. He threw fastballs over the middle, inside, up, down, and he changed speeds.
 KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai's main rival for the Afghan  presidency conceded defeat Sunday with less than six percent of  the vote count remaining.
Revenue from the tourism sector, crucial in financing the current accounts deficit, has passed its target for the year within the first nine months.
Reuters - Chinese companies are\starting to pursue North American and European electronics and\consumer brands as their government pushes them to build global\sales forces for their low-cost products.
Iraqi officials say the bodies of 51 Iraqi soldiers have been found on a remote road in the east. The soldiers were apparently victims of an ambush as they were headed home on leave.
The US economy accelerated in the third quarter as consumers rediscovered a penchant to spend, economists forecast the government to report this week.
Cellphones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances - the television.
World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina is listed in good condition at a Pittsburgh hospital after falling headfirst at a Skate America competition yesterday.
The Formula One boss wants damages and an apology after Sir Jackie suggested on the BBC that he had broken promises made to Sports Minister Richard Caborn to save the British Grand Prix.
Faisalabad: Pakistan fast bowler Mohammed Sami is likely to miss the crucial second Test against Sri Lanka at Karachi after pulling a groin muscle.
AP - Iran called a European proposal seeking indefinite suspension of its nuclear activities "unbalanced" but said Sunday the Europeans made the right decision to engage in dialogue.
AP - Gunmen in Iraq have abducted a 7-year-old Lebanese boy and are demanding  #36;150,000 for his release, Lebanon's official news agency reported Sunday.
A non-campus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been linked to a University of California, Berkeley hacker 
The bodies of some 50 Iraqi soldiers were found on a road in eastern Iraq, apparently after they were killed in an ambush as they were heading home on leave, Iraqi authorities said Sunday.
The main rival of President Hamid Karzai has conceded defeat in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election with less than six per cent of the vote left to be counted.
All of Formula One #39;s 10 teams, with the exception of Ferrari, have signed up to a cost-cutting scheme which could save the threatened British Grand Prix.
INVESTORS in Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality will trade in a knowledge vacuum today as they await the big decision from Woolworths.
TITAN, the most mysterious of Saturn #39;s moons, might surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest approach yet this week.
PAUL Stoddart could turn out to be the saviour of Grand Prix racing after team bosses yesterday supported his proposals for radical cost-cutting measures.
TEAMMATE Harbhajan Singh copped the full force of a Sachin Tendulkar revival yesterday as the Little Master defended his gamble to face Australia tomorrow.
Brady Quinn stood patiently, almost valiantly, sputtering out answers to questions that had no politically correct response. More appropriate might be disposing of the film of 
JAPAN was on edge last night after its worst earthquake in almost a decade killed at least 20 people, including three children, and injured 1500.
Employees at General Motors Corp. in Europe have discussed a major overhaul of the corporate structure in negotiations with management, the chief employee representative said in an interview published Sunday.
Thousands spend a second night in shelters as rescue efforts continue after a series of earthquakes in northern Japan.
MADRID, Spain - Michael Owen scored his first Spanish soccer league goal on Saturday to lead Real Madrid over defending champion Valencia, 1-0.
During the Astros-Cardinals playoff series last week, I wrote a column about the meaning of baseball for my 7-year-old son and children in general.
The last full trading week before the presidential election is jam packed with earnings. Get ready. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.
Saudi Arabia said Sunday it is seeking stable oil prices in the international market for the sake of consumers and producers. Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Nuaimi said during 
(CP) - Fears of an explosion and concerns about public safety may lead to the scrapping of a planned natural gas importing terminal near Quebec City despite future fuel supply needs.
Two major insurance companies named in the New York attorney general #39;s investigation into questionable sales practices have discontinued the use of incentive fees, which are at the center of the probe.
Marat Safin wins the Madrid Masters to edge ahead of Tim Henman in the race for the Masters Cup.
Not satisfied to be feared solely for its explosive triple-option ground game, Navy added two more successful methods of attack Saturday and rolled to a 42-13 victory over Army at Lincoln Financial 
AP - Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Jerome McDougle was inactive for Sunday's game against Cleveland, three days after being diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat.
AP - Browns wide receiver Andre' Davis sat out Sunday's game against the Philadelphia Eagles because of an injured left big toe.
Brazil has launched its first rocket into space, a feat that comes just 14 months after its space program was devastated by a deadly launch pad accident.
Australia captain Ricky Ponting, recovering from a broken thumb, is confident he can improve his poor record in India and help his team win the test series.
Manchester United had the better chances but Arsenal defended superbly as a pulsating opening half of their Premier League match ended goalless at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Australia captain Darren Lockyer and second rower Craig Fitzgibbon have both been ruled out of Saturdays Gillette Tri-Nations clash with Great Britain.
THE decision to send Black Watch troops into Iraqs triangle of death followed requests by British military chiefs to take over a US-controlled area.
Weekly deductions for premiums, higher co-payments and deductibles are all part of the health care package now taking shape for Kroger workers, union officials say.
Sure the story of the former New England Patriots running back now starring for the New York Jets has aged, as has Martin. But hesa player who seems to get better with age, and 
A Royal Navy non-commissioned officer from Edinburgh has become the first registered Satanist in the British Armed Forces, it has emerged.
Grocery retailer Kroger Co. signed a tentative three-year agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers Local 1099, the union said.
Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said on Sunday.
MADRID (CP) - Canadian Daniel Nestor and Bahamian partner Mark Knowles advanced to the semifinals of the \$3-million US Madrid Masters on Thursday.
US Airways #39; pilots voted to approve a new labor agreement yesterday that will reduce their salaries by 18 percent but will save the airline \$300 million a year.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. shares were whipsawed on Friday amid conflicting reports that a change in the insurance broker #39;s top management was imminent.
MATCHWINNER Darren Lockyer admitted the Kangaroos got themselves out of trouble after he inspired their 32-12 win against New Zealand in London.
October 24, 2004 - GameSpot have posted up a final preview of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, hitting the PS2 this week and the PC next year.
Plans for this celebration began when the St. Louis Cardinals began distancing themselves from the rest of baseball at midseason, but the party couldn #39;t begin until 
EARTH must take precautions to avoid contamination from lifeforms that must now be presumed to exist on Mars, leading scientists gave warning yesterday.
AP - President Bush and John Kerry switched places Sunday, the president campaigning in New Mexico where Kerry was the day before and the Democratic senator taking Bush's place in Florida.
The man who pierced the barrier of manned commercial spaceflight thinks the problem with space travel today is not so much technology but drive and inspiration.
Manchester United stand-in skipper Rio Ferdinand tonight claimed the controversial penalty given after Wayne Rooney went down in the box against Arsenal at Old Trafford was touch and go.
Marat Safin defeated David Nalbandian to lift the Madrid Masters trophy and leapfrog Tim Henman in the race to qualify for the Masters Cup.
The Israeli Cabinet approved Sunday the Evacuation-Compensation Law to compensate settlers under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s disengagement plan.
Thousands of people in northern Japan are spending a second night in emergency shelters or out in the open after a series of earthquakes.
It #39;s back to the negotiating table today for Kroger and a labor union representing 85-hundred employees in three states, including Indiana.
Juan Pablo Montoya wins his final race for Williams at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
ARKALYK, Kazakhstan NASA #39;s top administrator says the agency wants to keep working with the Russians, with the goal of sending missions to Mars.
ANDRE Agassi will not be able to repeat the triumph he enjoyed in the Madrid Masters two years ago following his semi-final defeat to Marat Safin.
A change of coach and a change of attitude have helped Marat Safin return to peak form and the Russian number one is now aiming at the Masters Cup with real optimism.
Formula One qualifying will take place on the same day as the race next season, after team bosses approved proposals put forward by the governing International Automobile Federation (FIA).
Around 50 Iraqi soldiers were killed execution-style after insurgents intercepted minibuses carrying them home on leave, officials said today.
BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Suicide bombers struck Iraqi security targets yesterday north and west of Baghdad, killing 22 Iraqis, officials said.
WE all love Google. For six years now, Google has been helping us find information from the dark holes of the Internet with utmost devotion.
A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on Iraqi army recruits, according to an Internet statement.
WASHINGTON - The Securities and Exchange Commission staff may propose expanding disclosure rules on executive pay to cover lower-paid executives including general counsels, a commission official said.
MISSOULA -- A University of Montana physics professor will be helping scientists explore one of the largest moons in the solar system next week.
AP - Kansas City's Priest Holmes, after tying an NFL record with four touchdowns rushing in a half, left Sunday with an ankle sprain.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a key victory today as his cabinet easily approved a plan to compensate Jewish settlers who would be uprooted from the Gaza Strip.
Qwest executives made hundreds of millions of dollars by selling their shares while the company made what the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday 
An in-form PSV side beat struggling Ajax in Eindhoven Sunday, in one of the most crucial meetings of the season in the Dutch league.
 GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless  aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza  town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
Reuters - An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless\aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza\town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
AP - Liu Wei, a starting guard for the Chinese national team, was among three players released by the Sacramento Kings on Sunday.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director, Rodrigo de Rato, said the road to a monetary union could be bumpy at times, as it requires strong political commitment 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24, 2004 - US Marine jets destroyed a known enemy command and control post in Fallujah today, US military officials in Iraq reported.
AP - That noise the crowd made Sunday during the Miami Dolphins' victory at Pro Player Stadium was faintly familiar from seasons past. It's called cheering.
The three largest computer makers spearheaded a program today designed to standardize working conditions for their non-US workers.
Fernando finished fourth in Brazil after a masterful drive while Jacques took tenth place.
AP - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers found a tonic for their sputtering offense in the Chicago Bears' porous run defense.
Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels deny reports of another split in their organisation.
With Randy Moss relegated to two snaps of decoy duty, Daunte Culpepper and the Minnesota Vikings shifted gears and grinded one out against the Tennessee Titans.
There are opportunities, there are missed opportunities, and then there #39;s what Florida did on Saturday. Ron Zook and the Gators fell to 4-3 on Saturday.
Jay Fiedler played an efficient game and the Dolphins became the NFL #39;s last team to win, posting a 31-14 victory over the St. Louis Rams.
AP - Strong winds and heavy rains lashed eastern Taiwan as Typhoon Nock-ten began battering the island Sunday night. One fisherman was missing, police said.
AFP - The Greek Orthodox Church's new Patriarch of Alexandria and all Africa, Theodore II, was enthroned in this coastal city in northern Egypt.
Captain Darren Lockyer and goalkicker Craig Fitzgibbon have been ruled out of Australia #39;s Tri Nations rugby league Test against Great Britain this weekend.
Secretary of State Colin Powell is in China as part of a three-nation Asian tour to try to restart multi-party talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear program.
Soldiers in Britain #39;s Black Watch battalion are preparing to move to central Iraq after a United States request for assistance, the BBC reported Sunday.
 BANGALORE, India (Reuters) - When narrow colonial-era  streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology  capital, the radio disc jockey turns agony aunt.
AFP - Jordan's King Abdullah II called for all influential parties to attend an international conference on Iraq which Egypt will host next month, Petra news agency reported.
Reuters - When narrow colonial-era\streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology\capital, the radio disc jockey turns agony aunt.
AFP - Candidates for the White House now have yet another potentially influential bloc of voters to court, with the founding of a political interest group for grandpas and grandmas.
AP - Dallas wide receiver Terry Glenn and Green Bay safety Darren Sharper were injured in the first half Sunday and taken to the locker room.
AFP - With their khaki People's Army uniforms caked in grime, North Korean soldiers use shovels and picks to pack a railbed with rocks and earth.
The dominance of Damascus in Lebanese politics gives rise to a new opposition leader.
The UN predicts that 100,000 Liberians in West Africa will return home by year's end.
Proper waste disposal in the EU has become prohibitively expensive, leading to black market dumping.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Ariel Sharon is often presented outside of Israel as simply a belligerent and uncompromising political hawk and thus an obstacle to the Middle East peace process.
BAQUBA - The 49 homeward-bound Iraqi Army recruits probably took comfort at the sight of policemen at a roadside checkpoint at night.
Juan Pablo Montoya won in his final race for Williams-BMW on Sunday, beating future McLaren teammate Kimi Raikkonen to capture the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Microsoft #39;s quarterly results released Thursday make clear that the software maker is becoming a much different company than the one Bill Gates started back in 1975.
The month of November in a US presidential-election year is not supposed to be particularly eventful, but this year may be an exception, in the light of the gathering storm over 
An Israeli missile fired from a pilotless aircraft wounded two Palestinian policemen in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis on Sunday, witnesses said.
The UN peacekeeping force in Haiti should reach the planned 8,000 or more by the end of November, Haitian radio reported Saturday.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has made courting Linux users and those considering the open-source option a top priority and said the sheer volume of innovation that Longhorn development efforts 
ISLAMABAD: President Pervez Musharrafs uniform issue might be resolved by parliament, Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon told a private TV channel on Sunday.
Haitian police and UN troops moved into a slum neighborhood on Sunday and cleared street barricades that paralyzed a part of the capital.
Ruud van Nistelrooy's 73rd-minute penalty kick and Wayne Rooney's injury-time goal gave Manchester United a victory over league-leading Arsenal.
After taking risks at the start, using dry tyres in the wet, Fernando finished fourth behind Montoya, Raikkonen and Barrichello.
A corporate dealmaker and former Tory Party treasurer is reportedly planning a 5bn takeover bid for struggling supermarket chain Sainsbury #39;s.
There was more scoring in todays games than usual, and several sides greatly improved their standing with important wins. Parma defended their home pitch against Lazio, with a 3-1 victory.
GAZA: Israeli forces killed two Palestinian militants in a missile strike in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis early on Sunday, Palestinian medics said.
 GAZA (Reuters) - Three Palestinians died in missile strikes  launched late Sunday on the Khan Younis area in southern Gaza,  medics said.
AP - Boise State impressed Fresno State coach Pat Hill more than any of those big conference teams he has faced the past couple of seasons.
Mobile communications specialist Ericsson reported strong third-quarter earnings on Friday but said it expected only slight growth in mobile networks in the coming months.
Key stat  Eagles trying to become seventh team to win first six games by 10 points. Players to watch  Eagles #39; Terrell Owens has 30 receptions, 6 for TDs.
Top insurance brokers in Hong Kong have stopped accepting controversial commissions from insurance companies, reflecting the continuing fallout from a scandal rocking the industry in the US.. Sources within 
Motorsport.com. Nine of the ten Formula One teams have united to propose cost-cutting measures for the future, with the notable exception of Ferrari.
LEADERS Juventus were the happiest team in Serie A today after title rivals AC Milan and Inter Milan played out a 0-0 draw at the San Siro.
AP - Ron Zook has taken the Florida Gators to a new low  #151; for the third straight season.
The United States and Europe are edging toward their biggest trade dispute everand Washington shouldn #39;t blink. The dispute involves competition between Boeing and 
AP - Neil Rackers of the Arizona Cardinals tied an NFL record by kicking three field goals of at least 50 yards on Sunday.
TWO Palestinian security service members and a civilian were killed in three Israeli missile strikes in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian security sources said today.
TEAM owners last night kick-started a week of intense activity that will help to determine who wins control of one of the richest sports in the world.
Daunte Culpepper completed 24 of 30 passes, one for a touchdown, as the Minnesota Vikings topped the Tennessee Titans 20-3 Sunday.
Barcelona preserved their unbeaten run with a 3-0 win over Osasuna at the Nou Camp to keep the chasing pack in the Primera Liga at arms length.
The bodies of more than 40 Iraqi army recruits have been found following an ambush near the Iranian border in the country #39;s northeast region.
Julia Gillard has reportedly bowed out of the race to become shadow treasurer, taking enormous pressure off Opposition Leader Mark Latham.
AFP - Democratic challenger John Kerry turned the Bible against born-again Methodist President George W. Bush, arguing that his policies ran counter to America's moral foundation.
A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed with 10 people aboard on its way to a race Sunday, the Federal Aviation Administration said.
A plane owned by the Hendrick Motorsports organization crashes on its way to a NASCAR race in Martinsville, Va., on Sunday, killing ten people.
With no more FCC at his heels, Howard Stern could get really dirty on satellite radio. But will the fans follow? Would you buy a satellite radio system to listen to Howard Stern?
THERE was both grief and jubilation abroad in the environs of Madrid yesterday, but for nobody was the latter more dramatic than for Richard Sterne.
LONDON Bill Nicholson, who managed Tottenham Hotspur in its glory days of the 1960s and 70s, died on Saturday after a long illness, family members said.
Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas predicted on Sunday he could form a new coalition, shrugging off a challenge from a party some 
Publicly traded companies command the most attention from investors and the media, but don #39;t forget that business behemoths start somewhere.
Detectives say they have no witnesses or suspects in the murder of an elderly couple killed in an apparent robbery at their Christian bookstore.
Sao Paulo, Brazil (Sports Network) - Williams/BMW driver Juan Montoya captured the final event of the 2004 Formula One season - the Grand Prix of Brazil.
Lithuania #39;s second round of general elections got under way on Sunday, with a recent-formed party threatening to force its way into government.
TNK-BP, which represents the biggest foreign investment in Russia, is fast emerging as the country #39;s largest oil producer. Its rise to prominence comes amid increasing state involvement 
Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A Muslim leader under attack for calling Jews "brothers of monkeys and swine" says he is no anti-Semite.
Google Inc. is making everyone who snubbed its unconventional initial public offering of stock regret their decision. In the latest rebuke to its skeptics, Google wowed Wall 
Colts.com. If a certain game is important for a certain reasons, the Colts head coach will discuss the matter with his team early in the week.
A car bomb exploded at a police station Saturday near a base in western Iraq used by US Marines, killing 10 Iraqi policemen and wounding 48 other people, officials said.
The "one-stop shop" lets wireless operators sell ring tones, games, picture messaging and other cell phone paraphernalia.
AP - D.J. Trahan shot a bogey-free 6-under 65 on Sunday to capture his first Nationwide Tour victory at the Miccosukee Championship.
Confusion surrounded the fate of the Iraq aid worker Margaret Hassan last night after main rebel groups denied being involved with her kidnap.
AP - Emmitt Smith ran his way to another NFL record and Neil Rackers booted himself into a share of one.
A Kroger spokesman says the agreement includes wage increases and improvements in health insurance coverage. The contract covers about 8,500 employees in Kentucky, Ohio and Indiana.
NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Stock selling in the software and semiconductor sectors sent benchmark indexes lower, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through to a new 
Qwest agreed to pay \$250 million Thursday to settle allegations the telecommunications company falsified the books by at least \$3.
This is the circuit where the Montoya brand began to take shape as he swept past Michael Schumacher during the opening laps of only his third grand prix.
Supermarkets group J Sainsbury faces fresh takeover speculation today after it emerged that dealmaker George Magan might try to raise financing for an offer.
Kurt Warner had a gunslinger mentality in St. Louis, where an interception here or there was acceptable, providing it was offset by three or four touchdown passes.
WORLD pairs champion Tatiana Totmianina was released from hospital today, a day after she fell head first to the ice during the Skate America Grand Prix.
EUROPEAN Union authorities launched an alert today to find airline passengers who travelled on flights with a Thai man who tried to smuggle two bird flu-infected eagles into Belgium.
Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said Sunday.
SAN FRANCISCO San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has asked labor leaders and the management of fourteen hotels for a ninety-day cooling-off period in their contract dispute.
Arsene Wenger was predictably fuming at referee Mike Riley following the  #39;homer #39; referees incredible decisions at Old Trafford.
Japan resumed rescue efforts at first light on Monday as aftershocks rattled the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in nine years killed at least 23 
Reuters - Israel killed four Palestinians in air\strikes late on Sunday and early Monday during a raid on a\militant stronghold in southern Gaza, medics and witnesses\said.
AP - Marlon Anderson got his first start of the postseason for the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night, serving as the designated hitter in the second game of the World Series.
Federal regulators will formally approve Cingular Wireless \$41 billion purchase of AT  T Wireless, according to company officials briefed on the matter.
Jeffrey Greenberg will almost certainly be gone. But his company, Marsh  amp; McLennan, has a good chance of surviving as long as its outside directors understand that Mr.
Delta Air Lines Inc. and its pilots #39; union recessed talks Sunday without reaching an agreement on pay cuts that the company says are crucial to its effort to avoid bankruptcy.
A deeply divided Securities and Exchange Commission is expected on Tuesday to approve rules requiring all but the smallest hedge funds to register with the SEC and make their records available for examination.
Martinsville, VA (Sports Network) - A plane owned by Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday on its way to a NASCAR race at Martinsville Speedway, killing all 10 people aboard.
Curt Schilling might not be able to make a second start in the World Series because the procedure to stitch together his injured ankle might be too damaging to keep repeating.
Amazon.com hasn't yet entered the DVD rental business, but prices are tumbling even at the prospect.
Early results show President Ben Ali heading for his expected landslide victory in the Tunisian elections.
Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 115 yards as\the New England Patriots beat the New York Jets 13-7 at Foxboro\Sunday to take their record winning streak to 21 games.
AP - The Inter-American Press Association criticized the U.S. government on Sunday for placing restrictions on foreign journalists' travels and for recent court rulings ordering reporters to reveal secret sources.
Joe Grzenda ended the life of the Washington Senators as a left-handed reliever who threw the last pitch in the franchise's final game in 1971.
The Australian sharemarket dropped sharply at the open after Wall Street set the tone on Friday with one of its lowest closes for 2004.
A plane owned by NASCAR #39;s Hendrick Motorsports organization crashed on Sunday near a small airport in Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said.
Rwanda predicts rapid economic growth, but tension with DR Congo could imperil international assistance on which it relies.
Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc. plans a cross-membership agreement with the Singapore Exchange Ltd. to let its 109 member brokerages and Singaporean investors buy and sell equities on both 
A plane owned by leading stock car team Hendrick Motorsports has crashed on its way to a NASCAR race in the United States killing all 10 people on board.
Israel #39;s parliament will today begin debating bitterly opposed legislation to remove Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip next year ahead of a vote that could force a major realignment of Israeli politics.
AP - Miami defensive tackle Santonio Thomas and right guard Tyler McMeans both might miss the remainder of the season because of knee injuries.
The Iraqi interim government has warned that nearly 380 tons of the world's most powerful conventional explosives are missing from a former military installation.
The soldiers were taken from three buses at a fake checkpoint northeast of Baghdad and killed mostly with bullets to their heads.
As polls suggest gains for President Bush among black voters, Democrats are trying to solidify their bloc.
European Union competition authorities are expected Tuesday to clear unconditionally US firm Oracle #39;s hostile takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft, sources say.
A plane owned by the Nascar race team Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday en route to the Subway 500 Nextel Cup race at Martinsville Speedway, killing all 10 on board.
Nothing happened, Reggie Wayne said. Nothing happened when the Indianapolis Colts wide receiver and Peyton Manning went face mask to face mask on the sideline late in Sunday #39;s game.
Gilbert Arenas, Jarvis Hayes and Anthony Peeler return from minor injuries to play in the Wizards' 97-85 victory over the Bobcats.
TOKYO - Tokyo stocks opened lower Monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern Japan over the weekend.
When they arrived Sunday at Arrowhead Stadium, the Chiefs had much more modest goals than setting NFL rushing touchdown records.  quot;I just thought about wanting to be part 
Both major candidates for president want the country to be less dependent on foreign oil. But whoever is elected will face many of the same challenges that defeated 
The Red Sox are trying to keep up their momentum tonight at Fenway Park in Game Two of the World Series. Boston scored two runs in the bottom of the fourth inning.
A small plane en route to a NASCAR race crashed Sunday in southern Virginia, killing all 10 people aboard, officials said. The Beech 200 took off from Concord, North Carolina 
They were home to Detroit this week, coming off a bye, and did nothing to improve on the record. Joey Harrington completed 18 of the 22 passes he threw.
Leading senators expressed concern Sunday about a report that the CIA has secretly moved as many as a dozen unidentified prisoners out of Iraq in the past six months, a possible violation of international treaties.
Marlon Anderson got his first start of the postseason for the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday night, serving as the designated hitter in the second game of the World Series.
Reuters - Citigroup is to revamp its\Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to\oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported.
A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the estimated number of human genes sharply downward.
As the winner of the Funai Classic at Walt Disney World Resorts walked up to the 18th green, a member of the gallery shouted Way to go Arnie!
woman and a young Afghan girl killed on Saturday by a Taliban suicide bomber in central Kabul. declare a winner until it has reviewed a report by an independent panel investigating voting irregularities.
China has rejected calls from Hong Kong #39;s pro-democracy lawmakers for a public referendum on whether local residents should be allowed full, direct democracy from 2007.
Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer argued that the true amount of shifting from Microsoft to Linux in places like Europe and Asia has been overstated in the media.
WASHINGTON - Gilbert Arenas had 20 points and six rebounds to lead the Washington Wizards to a 97-85 preseason win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Sunday night.
Six of the seven men charged with sex attacks on Pitcairn Island have been found guilty. Mayor Steve Christian was found guilty of five rapes.
A 16-year-old French girl was shot dead hours after she was kidnapped by her former boyfriend, who then killed himself, officials in western France said today.
A plane owned by the Nascar race team Hendrick Motorsports crashed Sunday en route to the Subway 500 Nextel Cup race, killing all 10 on board.
JERUSALEM On Monday, Israel #39;s Parliament, the Knesset, will debate one of the most important decisions in the country #39;s history.
Beijing: US Secretary of State Colin Powell pressed China on Monday to convince North Korea to return to stalled talks on its nuclear weapons programs and urged Beijing to take up a Taiwanese offer for dialogue.
Taiwan and offshore Penghu County have geared up for strong winds and heavy rains as Typhoon Nock-ten is scheduled to encompass the whole island and outlying islands this morning.
Cell phone executives say new data-oriented services such as TV will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
Whether mopping up a battlefield or living room floor, the robot maker is working on vehicle to get the job done.\
THE United States helped negotiate the protocol under former President Bill Clintons administration. But President George W. Bush ditched the agreement shortly after coming 
Juan Pablo Montoya finnished his four years with Williams in style as he won the season-ending Brazilian GP at Interlagos. The Colombian, who joins rivals McLaren next season 
AP - The National League's best offense is off to a feeble start in the World Series, and the St. Louis Cardinals' chances are sagging along with it.
Curt Schilling grinds through six strong innings to overcome another four-error game by Boston and  guides the Red Sox to a 6-2 victory over the Cardinals on Sunday night.
Microsoft said last week that its first-quarter net income rose 11 and revenue 12 because of strong server-software demand and steady sales of PCs that run its products.
Immune systems can perhaps accept tissues from people with other blood types, Canadian researchers find.
If you are the average user, your computer has more bugs than a skid row motel.
UpSnap turns your cell phone in to a search tool, offering free directory assistance lookups using SMS text messaging.
David Blunkett is set to back plans to work closely with other European Union states on asylum and immigration.
ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines and its pilot union plan to resume talks on pay cuts Monday in Washington, after failing to reach agreement Sunday.
US president George W Bush had repealed an internationally disputed export tax subsidy but lavished \$140 billion (R868 billion) in new tax breaks on corporations.
Euro zone economic indicators for release this week would show that business and consumer confidence was falling and that inflation was on the rise again, economists said.
The European Union has announced it will pay for more than half of the African Union #39;s peacekeeping force in Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
Tunisian polls closed Sunday in presidential and parliamentary elections widely expected to be won by the incumbent president and his party.
Ziff Davis - The services we once expected from ASPs are back, but now we refer to them as business process outsourcing.
US automakers, wobbling under crushing employee benefit costs, now have a new worry: The federal government is determined to find out whether the costs are accounted for fairly and properly.
Gasoline prices are hitting record highs, stocks of winter heating fuel are shrinking and energy costs are slowing the US economy.
A private airplane carrying members of one of NASCARs most successful teams crashed Sunday afternoon in Bull Mountain near Blue Ridge Regional Airport.
Bill Belichick #39;s post-game wave to his kids in the stands usually resembles that of a man on a street corner trying to hail a cab.
Treo 650 boasts a high-res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more.
Britains big football leagues and daily newspapers are circling each other in a showdown over game photos on Internet sites.
The creation of a US insurance regulator is gaining support in Congress and among consumer groups after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer disclosed his probe of improper sales practices.
The Bank of Communications, Chinas fifth-largest lender, had not finalized details of its upcoming initial public offering, the Shanghai Securities News reported Friday, citing a bank spokesman.
US stocks #39; drop amid the release of third-quarter earnings reports may reflect concern that next year #39;s profit growth will slow even more than forecast.
YAHOO has appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google in searchable web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful email application Bloomba.
The second round of AU-chaired talks aimed at finding a solution to the Darfur crisis are set to open in Abuja.
The South African Richard Sterne rescued his European Tour career in brilliant fashion yesterday by winning the Madrid Open with a closing 65.
The people of Nyang'oma, Kenya, are dreaming of good fortune for their remote village should Barack Obama be elevated to high office.
much more so than the average home PC user realizes. That notion, widely held in the tech industry, is borne out 
As he says he does each week this time of year, Texas coach Mack Brown sat down with his team Sunday and explained where it stands in terms of qualifying for a Bowl Championship Series game.
Advocates and opponents of a publicly funded baseball stadium in D.C. say there are big inequities in the details of the business tax that Mayor Williams has proposed.
The cell phone maker is working on a phone that uses controversial microchips used to store product information and signal their location.
WASHINGTON Oct 25, 2004 - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers.
A sophisticated autopilot system that could play a vital role in missions to the moon or Mars will be tested this week during a \$100 million demonstration 500 miles above Earth.
He chipped in on one hole and then rolled in a long, downhill putt for another birdie a little later. During the stretch in which he seized control of the golf tournament 
Preliminary figures in the Afghan presidential election indicate interim leader Hamid Karzai has won the simple majority needed to avoid a run-off.
The right-win opposition Conservative Party and Liberal Center Union won 43 seats in the 141-member Lithuanian parliament, after more than 99 percent of the votes were counted 
AP - There might still be a spotless season on the NFL horizon this year.
AP - Matt Leinart and Reggie Bush get the headlines. Southern California's defense does the heavy lifting.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is looking into the accounting practices six companies #39; use in calculating pension and other post-retirement benefit costs, according to published reports.
Most computer users believe they are safe from online threats even as their machines fall victim to viruses and spyware, according to a survey.
The wide receivers have been the most significant contributors to the Patriots stats, news #39; inactive list this season. Every week quarterback Tom Brady news counts on one of 
It should have been obvious to the Giants from the first series of the game yesterday that they were going to have problems containing the Detroit Lions.
After a month of suspension, the Sudanese government and Darfur rebel groups are due to formally restart negotiations on Monday in Nigeria in the hope of ending a 20-month-old 
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
By announcing plans to maintain its current per-processor server software licensing, Microsoft Corp. has pleased customers and, in the process, put serious pressure on competing software developers to do the same.
Palmone Inc. this week will unveil the Treo 650 smart phone, although the phone likely will not be available from carriers until later this fall.
SEARCH outfit Yahoo! has splashed out on an email software company that develops software technology that allows users to quickly search through mails and attachments.
World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina was released from the hospital yesterday, a day after suffering a concussion in a fall during the free skating program at Skate America.
LAS VEGAS (Ticker) -- Brian Grant had his first big game for the Los Angeles Lakers, helping hand Phoenix Suns their first preseason loss.
Judges in Pakistan have ruled that a top scientist arrested last year for allegedly being involved in leaking nuclear technology should have his detention extended for a further three months.
AP - A roadside bomb exploded Monday near a U.S. military convoy in central Baghdad, causing some casualties, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said.
JAMES Hardie would face possible litigation if it did not ensure asbestos victims were adequately compensated, the ACTU said today.
NASA will launch a craft tomorrow afternoon for a computer-controlled rendezvous in space - the first time the agency will attempt such a feat without a pilot at the controls.
London - A theory that birds may have had four wings during a stage of their evolution has been given fresh support with the discovery of a new fossil in China.
He spent three years on the Tight Lies and Hooters tours, where guys have to put down a deposit to play and some of them carry their own bag.
Officials fear that an infiltrator may have tipped insurgents that the unarmed soldiers were heading home on leave. BY ROBERT H. REID.
President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali was headed for an almost certain five-year extension of his mandate when Tunisians voted in presidential and parliamentary elections yesterday.
US oil prices hit fresh record levels after Norwegian ship owners threaten to cut off supplies from the world's third biggest exporter.
AFP - European Union competition authorities are expected Tuesday to clear unconditionally US firm Oracle's hostile takeover of business software rival PeopleSoft, sources say.
AP - Tokyo stocks ended sharply lower Monday due to economic uncertainties following powerful earthquakes that hit northern Japan over the weekend. The dollar was lower against the Japanese yen.
The UK needs to plan well ahead for the 2012 Olympics to ensure a lasting legacy, two leading think-tanks warn.
BEIJING: China has given the green signal for direct investment of insurance capital in the stock market under strict supervision, the State media reported today.
Israel has killed six Palestinians in air strikes during a raid on a militant stronghold in southern Gaza. Witnesses said pilotless aircraft fired five missiles at Palestinian targets in the 
World News: Cairo, Dec 5 : A convicted Israeli spy will be released by Egypt in exchange for six imprisoned Egyptian students, an Arabic-language TV station reported Sunday.
LAS VEGAS - Brian Grant had 22 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Los Angeles Lakers over the Phoenix Suns 111-103 in a preseason game Sunday night.
Playing their only preseason game at MCI Center, the Washington Wizards used a balanced attack to defeat the Charlotte Bobcats 97-85 last night before an announced crowd of 11,024.
The interim leader Hamid Karzai coasted towards victory in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election yesterday when his share of the vote passed the 50 mark.
Thousands of residents of northern Japan camped outdoors, unnerved by a day of aftershocks from the nation's deadliest earthquake in a decade.
Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General Ron Prushor said Sunday Egypt might return its ambassador to Israel in the near future.
Two astronauts who spent half a year aboard the International Space Station returned safely on Saturday to the steppes of Kazakhstan in the predawn darkness.
Suspected Maoist rebels kidnap a judge and a former adviser to the late king, Nepalese police say.
James Hardie Industries says it has written to the foundation it set up to compensate asbestos victims reaffirming its willingness to top up the fund.
Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds.
TOKYO - Tokyo stocks ended moderately higher Friday as investors bought high-technology blue chips following recent declines. The dollar inched up against the Japanese yen.
AILING supermarket chain Sainsbury #39;s is reported to be the target of a 5bn takeover bid being prepared by an ex-treasurer of the Conservative party.
Citigroup is to revamp its Japanese private banking unit, creating a local committee to oversee operations, the Wall Street Journal reported.
A Soyuz capsule made a precision landing in Kazakhstan Sunday, safely delivering two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut to Earth after several months on the International Space Station.
It was the kind of complete game Chiefs fans had been dreaming of throughout the course of a nightmare season.  quot;This is how (people thought) we could score points and dominate 
He tried to make the words sound determined and defiant, but the sound of Ron Zook #39;s voice had a tired inevitability about it.
It would be difficult to justify the extra cost of racing in a non-championship British grand prix, Williams #39; Sam Michael said on Sunday.
Few topics paint a starker difference between George W. Bush and John F. Kerry than US foreign policy. Bush, a man who rarely traveled outside 
BEIJING: A group of North Korean refugees attempted to enter a South Korean consulate building in Beijing but only three managed to take shelter inside, South Korean officials and media said.
Investigators probing US insurance firms are alleged to have found evidence of improper practices at Aon, the world #39;s second largest broker.
BEIJING: Chinese insurers have been given the green light to invest in stocks, potentially boosting liquidity by nearly 60 billion yuan (7.
In their boldest ambush yet, insurgents waylaid three minibuses carrying US-trained Iraqi soldiers heading home on leave and killed about 50 of them - forcing many to lie 
 #39;For the national interest and so the country does not go into crisis, we will respect the result of the election. But we also want the fraud to be made clear.
He couldn't go. Curt Schilling wasn't hedging on this. He wasn't thinking maybe, or I'm doubtful, or let's see.
Yes, Yaz threw out Saturday night's first ball. That's not enough. Nope, not enough '67.
Tony Womack has his winter planned. The Cardinals second baseman will not only rest following a long season, he will heal.
For the here and now, it is the challenge of matching wits with Terry Francona that dominates Tony La Russa's thoughts in the World Series.
WALTHAM -- Bob Metcalfe -- inventor, entrepreneur, pundit, and venture capitalist -- is just back from Europe and jet-lagged.
Like the  quot;Curse of the Bambino, quot; baseball's unwritten rules are still a part of the game.
FOXBOROUGH -- With the injured Deion Branch and Troy Brown on the sidelines, it was time for David Givens and David Patten to step up.
Michael Vick has certainly been a commercial success so far in his young NFL career -- it's hard to watch an NFL game on television without seeing him shilling for something.
As he left Browns Stadium, Terrell Owens pulled a Sharpie out of his pocket and signed autographs for any fan who wanted one.
Scooby-Doo is awarded a Guinness World Record for the most episodes of a cartoon comedy series.
Ryan Palmer surges to 3-shot victory over Singh, rest of field for 1st title on PGA Tour. The name was familiar. So was the charge.
South African golfer Richard Sterne rescued his European tour career in brillant fashion yesterday by winning the Madrid Open with a closing 65.
Israel #39;s Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 
William Morrison Supermarkets has agreed to sell 114 small Safeway stores and a distribution centre for 260.2 million pounds. Morrison bought these stores as part of its 3 billion pound 
Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have 
A FAKE security advisory is being circulated that suggests that Red Hat #39;s Linux distribution users should download and install malicious code.
When the opportunity arose to seize the day, the Seattle Seahawks looked more ready for a mausoleum than carpe diem. The Seahawks couldn #39;t take advantage of a prime chance 
SAO PAULO: Formula One qualifying will take place on Sunday mornings from next season after proposed changes were voted through at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Like a big, real-life Buddha, he slumped on the stool in front of his locker stall espousing to his audience how it was that a Detroit Lions team that entered this 
The EU is backing a project that would let viewers personalise shows and films to suit their tastes.
AP - Mining is such a major part of Montana's legacy that the words "gold and silver" in Spanish are still emblazoned on the state seal.
LINUX distributor Red Hat has warned about an email scam designed to lure users of its open source software to download a fake update.
Two games into the 100th World Series, the Boston Red Sox are threatening to run away from the National League #39;s winningest team in 18 years.
The Australian sharemarket remained weaker at noon, extending its morning losses after a disappointing performance on Wall Street on Friday and a nervous opening on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
First score: Lions, on an 18-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Joey Harrington to wide receiver Roy Williams in the first quarter.
AP - This chemistry lesson takes a strong stomach: It starts with grinding up fish in a big blender.
European Union has decided to lift, at least temporarily, sanctions imposed on U.S. goods since Congress enacted sweeping changes in corporate tax law earlier this month.
Last Wednesday BBC2 aired part one of a three part series called The Power of Nightmares: The Rise of the Politics of Fear.
The battle for Warner Chilcott moved to the next round today when the drugs group confirmed an approach that could value it at more than 1.
Wm Morrison has sold 114 small stores acquired with the 3 billion takeover of Safeway, signalling its distaste of the convenience market being pursued by rival supermarket giants.
SERVICE AND software outfit IBM says that Internet attacks directed at the networks rose 27 per cent in September over July and August.
Richard Sterne of South Afrrica won for the first time in his career on Sunday when he finished on 18 under par to win the Open de Madrid.
The first United Nations representation office was officially opened in Sofia on Monday, bringing under the same roof most of the UN agencies and programmes, working in the country.
Clothing and footware company Colorado Group Ltd today confirmed that Australian Retail Investments (ARI) had sold its \$115 million stake in the company.
The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, will supposedly revolutionize the check-clearing process. It is the most significant change since banks actually started clearing checks.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina Hendrick Motorsports officials have confirmed that an airplane owned by the organization was reported missing and downed today.
\$150,000 mortgage for only \$610/month. Lower your mortgage - free quotes.
Delta Air Lines has warned repeatedly that a bankruptcy filing could come within weeks if settlements aren #39;t reached soon with its pilot union and its debt holders.
TheDeal.com - The wireless content delivery company gets a third institutional round of funding, bringing total venture investment to  #36;46 million.
AFP - A group of 250 mainly European tourists was stranded for four days in the Bolivian Andes after indigenous protestors blocked roads amid a territorial dispute, the Interior Ministry said.
Six Pitcairn islanders were today found guilty of raping and indecently assaulting girls as young as 12 after a trial on the South Pacific island.
The threat of a lock-out by Norwegian shipowners which would halt production at the world #39;s third-biggest crude producer has sent oil prices to record highs.
Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott Plc has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds (\$2.
10 years ago Craig Newmark started Craigslist for a few friends. Now the site is one of the Web's top portals.
Avis Europe has scrapped development of a new ERP system because of cost overruns and delays, and will also scale back its overall IT restructuring project.
Fairfax County is putting its technology prowess to work for its new immigrants on Election Day.
A first win on the European Tour is a notable feat in any golfer #39;s career - but the one by South African Richard Sterne in the Madrid Open deserves special mention.
The boys of Pi Kappa Phi better look out. Mississippi State pulls off the SEC stunner of this Millennium, beating Ron Zook and Florida 38-31.
As restructuring talks continue, Opel #39;s works council and US parent company General Motors are considering a possible merger of GM #39;s European subsidiaries.
European Union ministers are meeting in Luxembourg to discuss a five-year plan for co-ordinating policies on asylum, immigration and cross-border security.
A 16-year-old French girl was kidnapped, raped and then murdered by a jilted boyfriend she met after accidentally sending a text message to his mobile phone.
Yahoo Inc. and Adobe Systems Inc. have joined forces to tap each others #39; customers and put Web search features into Adobe #39;s popular Acrobat Reader software.
Texas Instruments says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
Manchester United fans still celebrating yesterday #39;s victory over Arsenal received what most would regard as even better news today - the club has ended takeover talks with Malcolm Glazer.
(October 25, 2004) - The Kansas City Chiefs were overdue for an offensive explosion and visiting Atlanta was the 56-10 victim Sunday.
US oil prices have hit new highs on fears that a shipping strike in Norway could severely disrupt supplies from the world #39;s third largest exporter.
He plucked the errant pass out of the air and took it to a place he had never gone before. He was so overcome with emotion that he taunted an opponent just before the goal 
Bryan Scott loved how the Atlanta Falcons opened their game Sunday to quiet the roars at Arrowhead Stadium. One play after the offense handed the defense a three-point lead, Scott stripped 
The bodies of 49 freshly trained Iraqi national guard recruits, lined up and executed by insurgents, were discovered on a roadside about 75 miles northeast of Baghdad, Iraqi officials said Sunday.
LONDON : Marks and Spencer, the struggling British retailer, began buying back more than one quarter of its shares in the biggest tender offer ever seen in Britain.
In Gaza today, Israeli troops raided a Palestinian refugee camp in response to mortar fire, killing 11 Palestinians, including an 11-year-old boy, hospital officials said.
EU Justice and Interior ministers on Monday will discuss the future policy course on a wide-ranging security and immigration program that includes controversial proposals for refugee detention camps in Africa.
Northern Ireland drug company Warner Chilcott says it has received a takeover approach at a price of 837p per share. This would value the company at more than 1.
MANCHESTER United today dramatically rejected the advances of Malcolm Glazer, the US sports boss who is mulling an 825m bid for the football club.
Internet major Yahoo Inc will have a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.
We  had been talking about it for at least 10 years. I would say, "Dad, you really should buy a computer. Nobody uses typewriters anymore."
AFP - Singapore Telecommunications (SingTel) started trials of third generation (3G) video calls between mobile and fixed-line phones.
Three local companies are among four contractors that will vie for \$610 million in consulting, engineering and technical services with the Air Force Space Command over the next five years.
Intel has decided to cancel its project to develop a liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) chip that would bring down the cost of rear-projection televisions.
After 100 years of speculation, scientists have finally found proof that strong tides can trigger earthquakes. The link was confirmed by a trio of researchers at the University of California at Los Angeles 
When Ryan Palmer went to the golf course Sunday morning for the final round of the Funai Classic, he knew he would need to shoot a low score to have a chance at winning.
South African Richard Sterne carded a brilliant closing round of 65 to win the Madrid Open and a place on the European Tour for the next two years.
Australian troops serving in Iraq suffered their first casualties from hostile action on Monday when a car bomb exploded near their convoy in Baghdad, media reports said.
As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
Users of Red Hat Linux have been targeted by a fraudulent electronic mail advising recipients to install a  quot;security update quot; containing mailicious code.
Earthquakes can be triggered by the Earths tides, UCLA scientists confirmed Oct. 21 in Science Express, the online journal of Science.
Ferrari #39;s record-breaking season may go down in the Formula One history books as the peak of Michael Schumacher #39;s career. Technical director Ross Brawn certainly 
In their attempt to stop the Patriots #39; pursuit of perfection - which has reached 21 straight victories, including six to start the season - the Jets were imperfect.
Six men on the Pacific island of Pitcairn have been found guilty of subjecting women to rape and indecent assaults over a 40-year period.
10/25/04- A world champion Russian figure skater is recovering after she was dropped on the ice by her partner during a performance.
Preliminary results indicate that interim leader Hamid Karzai has won a majority in Afghanistans election to become its first democratically elected President.
The rand remained strong in late morning trade on Monday, having earlier touched 6.10 per dollar for the first time since July 23.
Manchester Utd say they have ended talks with the Glazer family regarding a possible takeover.
Marks   Spencer begins buying back more than a quarter of its shares in a move that will return 2.3bn (\$4.2bn) to shareholders.
Leading independent games maker,  Argonaut, is put up for sale to try to save the UK firm from going under.
Carlos Ferreira was Manny Ramirez's Little League coach back in Washington Heights, a Dominican neighborhood in New York City, where it all began 20 years ago.
Reuters - Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis\Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first\attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
 The company said it would shutter part of its Japanese  trust business and promised sharper oversight of its remaining  operations, after a scandal led to the closure of its private  bank in the country.
Reuters - Darfur peace talks kicked off\four days late in Nigeria Monday amid mounting international\concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudan\region.
Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, who made a fortune buying mills from Algeria to Mexico, agreed to acquire Wilbur Ross #39;s International Steel Group Inc.
Women #39;s healthcare specialist Warner Chilcott has received a bid approach which would value the firm at more than 1.5bn (\$2.
Chennai: Internet major Yahoo Inc will own a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.
You have a fancy home-entertainment system that can record and play TV programs, DVDs, show digital photos, and tap into your collection of digital music.
A test rocket which Brazil successfully launched on Saturday provided reassurance to the countrys space programme 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people.
Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Iraqi officials suspect that 50 US trained Iraqi soldiers murdered by insurgents - many of them execution-style -ay have been set up by rebel infiltrators in their ranks.
Aftershocks shook central Japan Monday as the death toll from Saturday #39;s earthquakes rose to 25, with more than 21,000 injured.
About 150 Iraqis, many of them recipients of humanitarian aid, rallied Monday in front of the Baghdad offices of CARE International to demand the release of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
Two car bombs detonated in Iraqi northern city of Mosul on Monday, killing one Iraqi person and wounding two others, security officials said.
AFP - The EU commission acted to ease trade tensions with the United States, saying it would lift sanctions after US President George W. Bush approved a repeal of illegal corporate tax breaks.
Desperate to salvage a major title from a disappointing 2004, Serena Williams has flown to Austria to earn points for the end-of-season WTA Championships.
Its not surprising the Notre Dame players and coaches were using words like devastating, heartbreaking and unbelievable following Saturdays 24-23 home loss to Boston College.
Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Monday it would shutter part of its Japanese trust business and promised sharper oversight of its remaining operations 
Netherlands-based steelmaker Ispat International NV said Monday that it agreed to acquire LNM Holdings NV and International Steel Group Inc.
ZAANDAM - Dutch food retailing giant Ahold announced it would take over a 20 stake in the ICA Swedish supermarket chain from Norwegian Canica group for 811 million euros.
Reuters - Kimberly-Clark Corp.  on Monday\posted a higher third-quarter profit as increased tissue prices\helped counter higher raw material costs.
AFP - Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz will visit India and other South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) nations next month, the foreign office said.
Cell phone executives say new data-oriented services such as TV will help bolster an industry in a precarious state.
Ispat International will buy LNM Holdings and International Steel Group Inc., forming the worlds largest steel firm in a deal worth a total of \$17.
South African miner Harmony, seeking to acquire rival Gold Fields, posted a first quarter headline loss per share of 110 cents on Monday, worse than expected.
The housing market has peaked but is not heading into the abyss, analysts said today, as figures showed property price falls for the fourth consecutive month.
Yahoo has acquired Stata Labs, a company whose e-mail application Bloomba allows users to search messages and attachments. Engineers from Stata Labs are to join Yahoo.
Borland Software this week is breaking up its Together ControlCenter package for UML modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
Helsinki, Finland - The delegation representing the city of Berlin on Saturday successfully won its bid to host the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics, ahead of strong challenges from Split and Valencia.
Hooker Gordon Bulloch was named on Monday as Scotland captain for the November internationals against Australia, Japan and South Africa.
TEMPE, Ariz. -- The Seattle Seahawks had a bad fourth quarter against St. Louis two weeks ago, then a bad first quarter last week in New England.
InfoWorld - Borland Software this week is breaking up its Together ControlCenter package for UML modeling into separate products for developing, designing, and architecting applications.
The International Atomic Energy Agency says 380 tons of powerful conventional explosives are missing from the Al Qaqaa facility south of Baghdad that was supposed to be under American military control.
A car bomb targeting a US military convoy exploded near the Australian Embassy Monday, killing at least two people, police and the Iraqi Interior Ministry said.
AFP - Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is actively directing terrorist cells in the former Yugoslav republic of Bosnia, a top US terrorism analyst told a local daily.
Systems, which start as low as \$500, don't require advanced IT skills.
Four executives of German memory chip maker Infineon Technologies AG have agreed to plead guilty to participating in a conspiracy to fix computer memory chip prices, the Department of Justice said Thursday.
Gold Fields #39; plan to merge with Iamgold of Canada could end up mired in legal challenges if a crucial shareholder vote next week produces a close result.
Marks  amp; Spencer today set the price for its record share buyback above market expectations, at 362p per share. The retailer said demand for the 2.
COMPOSED: With Lewis serving the first game of his two-game suspension for violating the NFL substance-abuse policy, Chester Taylor was effective and decisive in his debut.
CHARLOTTE, NC -- Keenan McCardell took his time getting dressed, carefully buttoning his bright fuchsia shirt and securing his striped tie.
Tunisian President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali won a landslide victory over three rivals in the presidential elections, officials said Monday.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon walks through the halls of his Jerusalem office to attend the weekly cabinet meeting, Sunday Oct. 24, 2004.
It took 50 matches for a team to finally beat Arsenal in the English Premiere League. Arsenal, unbeaten through entire last season lost a match after more than a year.
Japan #39;s major electronics companies had found no serious damage to their facilities after a series of powerful earthquakes shook Niigata prefecture, northwest of Tokyo.
Reuters - The next few weeks will be critical for\efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British\Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
AP - Oceanographer Robert Ballard sees the University of Rhode Island with an opportunity to become the undersea equivalent of the Houston Space Center.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The next few weeks will be critical for  efforts to clinch a new Northern Ireland peace deal, British  Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
International Steel Group Inc. (NYSE: ISG) on Monday said it has entered into a complex merger agreement that will create the largest steel company in the world.
CNF Inc. said Monday it swung to a loss in the third quarter as the result of a charge related to the planned sale of its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding unit.
ELEANOR HALL: The high price of oil is already threatening global economic growth, but that price could yet be pushed higher by events in Russia.
DALLAS Kimberly-Clark today reports its third-quarter earnings rose five percent -- despite tough price competition in its key diaper market.
SAO PAULO, Brazil : The future of the Jaguar Formula One team is expected to be announced later this week when a decision is taken over offers made to buy the outfit.
SiliconValley.com - The price of Google shares soared Friday, evoking memories of the Internet bubble among some Wall street analysts and traders.
Ariel Sharon was today preparing for a crucial vote in the Israeli parliament on his plan to close all Jewish settlements in the occupied Gaza Strip.
Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed today to stand up for democracy in Iraq - and warned the insurgents would not be defeated by military means alone.
AFP - Egypt said it had arrested five suspects accused of carrying out a wave of deadly car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago.
AFP - China signalled to US Secretary of State Colin Powell it will press North Korea to return quickly to stalled talks on its nuclear weapons program, a senior State Department official said.
The military reported the deaths of a U.S. soldier and six Iraqi civilians today, a day after Iraqi officials announced the deadliest ambush of the insurgency.
LinuxInsider: Microsoft #39;s Steve Ballmer argued that the true amount of shifting from Microsoft to Linux in places like Europe and Asia has been overstated in the media.
Euphoria turned into shock and grief minutes after the Subway 500 yesterday, as members of the winning Hendrick Motorsports team were informed that one of the organization #39;s 
Mark Webber #39;s Jaguar team boss believes the Australian can emulate compatriot Alan Jones and become a world champion with Williams.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon seeks parliament #39;s support on Monday for his plan to quit occupied Gaza and for the first time uproot settlements from land that Palestinians want for a state.
The European Union suspends tariffs on US imports imposed earlier this year during a bitter trade dispute.
The firm is planning new ways to shrink transistors and increase chip speed. Could "spintronics" replace silicon-based technology?
Chip maker plans for smaller, faster, less power-hungry processors.
The malware disables Mac OS X's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.
Reuters - Brazil has successfully\launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one\exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space\officials said on Sunday.
Norwegian ship owners threaten to expand a lockout, disrupting production. Marsh  amp; McLennan #39;s CEO reportedly is set to resign.
The European Union is to suspend sanctions on US imports worth \$4bn after President Bush signed a bill removing illegal export subsidies.
US cereal maker Kellogg has reported higher third-quarter earnings, driven by increased sales, and raised its earnings guidance for the full year 2004.
Reynolds American Inc. reported today a profit of \$339 million in the third quarter - the first earnings report that included the results of the combined RJ Reynolds Tobacco Co.
An e-mail that tricks Linux users to download a fake update from Red Hats security team is currently doing the rounds of the Internet.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Manchester United broke off talks Monday with American businessman Malcolm Glazer over a possible takeover of the soccer club, saying his bid relied too heavily on borrowed money.
percent chance of an earthquake of magnitude 6.0 or greater in the area in the next week. Saturday #39;s initial earthquake had a magnitude of 6.8.
Chinese officials Monday rebuffed Secretary of State Colin L. Powell #39;s suggestion they use a possibly conciliatory speech by Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian to restart 
Depending on how investors behave, the dollar's downward drift could cast anything from a benign breeze to a hurricane.
The hot event, who's ahead, pictures and quotes: what you need to know about the US election today.
Red Hat is warning users that an email purporting to be a security update may contain malicious code. The email - which began appearing last Friday - uses a securityredhat 
A deal that gives Yahoo a new and very large distribution channel for their toolbar and will later see Yahoo search embedded in the Acrobat Reader will be announced today.
Space shuttle Enterprise was born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride. Built in 1976 as one of the first trio of US shuttles, Enterprise never left 
As more firms install software to keep tabs on workers, start-ups and heavy hitters alike spy an opportunity in surveillance products.
Inter held champions AC Milan to a 0- 0 draw in the Milan derby on Sunday, widening their gap with first division leaders Juventus.
President Ben Ali was elected for a fourth term, with close to 95 percent of the vote, according to results published by the ministry of interior.
Taipei, Oct. 25 (CNA) A local TV reporter was swept away by floodwaters and drowned while covering Typhoon Nock-Ten in Taipei County Monday morning.
The elderly are being eyed as a potential market for personal assistant robots that could help them live independently longer.
Intel Corp. will likely add support for location-based services to its Pentium M line of mobile processors in 2006, a senior company executive said Monday.
There's a good chance you'll become disabled for a while. Are you protected?
Crude futures prices rose Monday on concerns about tight heating oil supplies ahead of winter, strong oil demand in China and fears about a planned petroleum-industry lockout in Norway.
AFP - William Morrison, the fourth largest grocery chain, said it had agreed to sell 114 stores to rival Somerfield for 260 million pounds.
Dutch retailer Ahold has said it has reached an agreement with its joint venture partner Canica over the purchase price of Canicas 20 stake in Scandinavian joint venture ICA AB.
The British Medical Association is to call for international action to curb advancements in the development of biological and genetic weapons.
AUSTRALIAN troops have suffered their first direct attack since the Iraq war began, with three Australian soldiers injured in a suspected suicide bomb assault on an armoured vehicle convoy in Baghdad.
The latest official preliminary results from Afghanistan #39;s 9 October 9 presidential election show transitional leader Hamid Karzai has won the clear majority needed for an outright first-round victory.
CAIRO (AFP) - Egypt said it had arrested five suspects accused of carrying out a wave of deadly car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts almost three weeks ago.
Bulloch takes over from Scott Murray, who is recovering from knee surgery, for the games against Australia (two), Japan and South Africa.
Some 100,000 weary survivors of Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade have bedded down for a third night in makeshift shelters or slept outside as a series 
by RN Eastern Europe editor Margreet Strijbosch, 25 October 2004. A Russian-born millionaire has turned Lithuanian politics on its head.
 London (Reuters) - The finale to the European golf season,  the Volvo Masters, will be fought out this week without  money-list winner-elect Ernie Els.
Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused arch-foe Iran Monday of doing everything it could to\obtain nuclear weapons.
The phone provider reported a 14.6 percent drop in third-quarter profit on flat revenue and a continued loss of local access lines.
Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp on Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.
Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson 
Business India: Mumbai, Oct 25 : Reliance Industries Ltd., India #39;s largest private business conglomerate, Monday reported a better-than-expected 38.
com. NASA #39;s newest astronaut candidates experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are now preparing to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
Denmark catches the most wind for power. Japan absorbs the most sun. Now Britain wants to rule the waves. Wave and tidal stream machines are the latest exploratory technology 
Rio Ferdinand has claimed yesterdays controversial win over Arsenal will count for nothing unless Manchester United beat Portsmouth at the weekend.
Two days after one of its most embarrassing losses in recent years, the University of Florida has fired head football coach Ron Zook.
GORDON BULLOCH was today named as the new captain of Scotland rugby ahead of the three Abbey Autumn Tests next month writes BILL LOTHIAN.
Six of seven Pitcairn men being tried on sexual assault charges on the south Pacific island were convicted by three judges, New Zealand TV reported Monday.
Five Egyptians have been arrested on charges of plotting a series of simultaneous bomb blasts in Red Sea resorts earlier this month.
Shell script disables Mac OS X's built-in firewall, steals personal information and can destroy data.
Ispat International, the steel producer controlled by the Indian billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, today announced it had agreed to buy LNM Holdings and International Steel Group in 
Up to five people have died and at least 20 injured after security forces in southern Thailand fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse protestors.
Private spaceflight pioneer Burt Rutan meets his heroes - remaining members of Wernher von Braun's rocket team.
Drug distributors would like to forget 2004. But this may mean bargains for investors.
Here's a look at some miscellaneous -- and enlightening -- statistics from this year's salary survey.
AP - Florida coach Ron Zook was fired Monday but will be allowed to finish the season, athletic director Jeremy Foley told The Gainesville Sun.
After years of capturing the imagination of wide-eyed daredevils, dreamers and would-be entrepreneurs, space travel for ordinary people may finally be taking flight.
Ron Zook, head coach of University of Florida football, has been fired, according to ESPN and First Coast News in Jacksonville, Fla.
Adobe Systems and internet company Yahoo today announced a strategic relationship aimed at providing consumer services to internet users.
The majority of fans of the rock group U2 are happy and excited with its expected announcement of a deal with Apple Computer to launch a special-edition U2 
The Boston Red Sox are two wins away from their first World Series championship since 1918, two wins away from reversing the dreaded Curse of the Bambino, two 
There is a report that Florida will fire third-year football coach Ron Zook this afternoon. Zook replaced Steve Spurrier after the 2001 season.
Notebook chips will likely support location-based services by 2006, Intel says.
Tobacco company Reynolds American Inc., reporting earnings for the first time since the combination of RJ Reynolds and the US operations of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco, on Monday 
The Treo allows users to dial contacts by name from a contacts list or enter a name or number on the improved backlit Qwerty keyboard or on-screen dial pad.
University of Florida Athletic Director Jeremy Foley will hold a news conference this afternoon regarding the future of third-year coach Ron Zook.
The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 21 games on Sunday and broke another NFL record in the process in their 13-7 win over the New York Jets at Gillette Stadium.
The Foreign Minister says Australians may have been the target of a suicide car bombing in Baghdad which injured three Australian soldiers.
Egypt said Monday a Palestinian and a group of Bedouin Egyptians planned and executed the bombings in Taba that killed 34 people earlier this month.
AP - Hundreds of angry French farmers mounted blockades around the country Monday to hold up fuel shipments in protest at soaring diesel and gasoline prices and to press their demands for government aid.
AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners. Those reported held are:
Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis on Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to discuss recent reviews, including high-end handhelds and Google Desktop Search.
BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said third-quarter earnings fell due to hurricane damage in the southeastern US.
Bruised world champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina does not know what caused her to fall and sustain a concussion during a weekend competition.
Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United has temporarily ended talks with Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer over a possible takeover.
CONCORD, NC A chaplain has met with employees of Hendrick Motorsports employees after the crash of a company plane killed ten people heading to the Subway 500 race in Martinsville.
Prince Charles has re-opened Britain #39;s Istanbul consulate, shattered by a suicide bombing less than a year ago. Seventeen people, including Consul General Roger Short 
Reuters - U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice\William Rehnquist has been hospitalized with thyroid cancer,\the court said Monday.
This article discusses the discovery of compromised machines in large enterprise environments, and offers some suggestions on correlating NIDS and HIPS logs to avoid false positives.
Michael Lewis says the best valuation models might be found in the game of baseball.
Global trade is set to grow by 8.5 in real terms this year despite soaring oil prices, the World Trade Organisation says.
Brokerage LaBranche  amp; Co. on Monday said it swung to a loss in the third quarter on lower equity volumes and volatility at its specialist unit.
Personal Internet Communicator is geared toward families in so-called emerging markets, such as China and India.
IBM Corp. Monday introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
US sales of previously owned houses rose in September to the third-highest pace on record, evidence that low borrowing costs were attracting buyers and helping sustain the economic expansion.
Entering a market where there are already several well established players Nokias Preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has submitted his Gaza withdrawal plan for a crucial parliamentary vote, while tanks and troops have killed 14 Palestinians in a raid in the coastal strip.
William H. Rehnquist, 80, spent the weekend in Bethesda Naval Hospital, and underwent a tracheotomy on Saturday.
A phone that lets you see through clothes is the stuff of teenage boys' dreams--and now a Japanese developer claims it's a reality.
There's yet another disappointment from organic foods' best-known ne'er-do-well.
The big Swede delivered in Q3, but its outlook dashes upside hope.
AP - Scientists in Rockingham County have detected higher concentrations of the gasoline additive MtBE hundreds of feet below the surface than in shallow wells.
Florida will not be forced to create a paper record in case of recounts in elections on touch-screen voting machines, a federal judge ruled Monday.
Reuters - Egypt on Monday showed off some of the\619 ancient artifacts smuggled out of the country in the late\1990s and repatriated from London last week.
Iran indicates it may suspend uranium enrichment in a bid to end a stand-off over its nuclear programme.
Will The Incredibles' mighty marketing machine ensure that the film performs beyond all expectations?
Cereal and snack maker Kellogg Co. increased its profit forecast for the rest of the year Monday, citing strong growth in its third-quarter sales and earnings.
Summary - (Oct 25, 2004) NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft will make its first close approach tomorrow to Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon.
Totmianina fell to the ice at the event in Pittsburgh on Saturday when her partner Maxim Marinin was performing a one-handed lift.
Kabul - Afghanistan #39;s vote count slowed as it drew to completion on Monday, a day after incumbent leader Hamid Karzai secured a landslide win in preliminary results.
A closely-watched index of German business sentiment barely rose in October, showing that the current recovery in Europe #39;s largest economy lacks the strength of previous upswings.
roundup Plus: Dell updates low-end server line...SAS Institute lures former Red Hat CFO...McAfee CFO joins Cray board.
The company discovers a flaw with a camera lens installed on its popular v710 Motorola phone.
Company's MIMO wireless networking technology gets approval from standards bodies in U.S., Japan, Canada, Australia and EU.
Energy utility TXU Corp. on Monday more than quadrupled its quarterly dividend payment and raised its projected earnings for 2004 and 2005 after a companywide performance review.
Burnley boss Steve Cotterill will be without two key players for the Carling Cup third round clash with Aston Villa. Former Chelsea defender Frank Sinclair will miss out through suspension after picking up 
Insurgents have killed 49 recruits of Iraq #39;s National Guard in an ambush as the men were traveling home to visit relatives after completing training.
Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s biggest economy, stagnated in October as oil prices rose to a record and job cuts at companies including General Motors Corp.
Security experts say these traits are common among the thousands of viruses targeting Microsofts ubiquitous Windows operating system but are virtually unheard of amongst the Apple Macintosh community.
Sudanese government envoys and rebel leaders from the western province of Darfur have formally opened peace talks in Nigeria #39;s capital, Abuja.
The U.S. Marine Corps is replacing aging supply chain systems with Oracle software to better serve combat troops.
Increase in mishaps--sometimes explosive--highlights growing danger of defects and unsafe, counterfeit batteries.
Manufacturers and consumer advocates offer a handful of precautions to lessen the chance of a meltdown.
A Houston-based jury is scheduled to begin deliberations this week on the guilt or innocence of the first former Enron executives to face a criminal trial.
com. It sure looked that way over the weekend at Fenway Park, where the Red Sox played with hands of stone in the field and stranded enough runners to fill the Boston Marathon.
Ruud van Nistelrooy has been charged with serious foul play for a tackle on Ashley Cole during Manchester United #39;s 2-0 victory over Arsenal.
UNDATED Southern Cal remains number one in the Bowl Championship Series standings this week, jumping ahead of Miami, which slips to third.
It was an autumn ritual in the Palmer household at dusk on Monday nights in Southern California. I remember my dad would get home from work.
Inscribe this stock with "losing customers, bad debt terms, and, maybe, bankruptcy."
Most users think their computer is safe from adware and spyware--but they're wrong.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The head of a public inquiry is appealing to Parliament to help him get to the bottom of the federal sponsorship scandal.
TXU Corp., the largest power company in Texas, more than quadrupled its dividend, restoring it to 94 percent of what it was about two years ago.
While corporations are monitoring ports and using advanced security tools to fend off infection and attack, home users -- who have less technical sophistication -- are left more susceptible, sometimes 
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon opened the debate on his disengagement plan in the Knesset (parliament) on Monday by telling lawmakers that his plan would  quot;strengthen 
Darfur peace talks kicked off four days late in Nigeria on Monday amid mounting international concerns of a resurgence of fighting in the remote Sudanese region.
Supreme Court Chief Justice Rehnquist is in hospital after undergoing throat surgery for thyroid cancer.
At the very moment when the Red Sox desperately need someone slightly larger than life to rally around, they suddenly have the man for the job: Thrilling Schilling.
Mike Alstott will be sidelined at least a month after spraining his right knee during Tampa Bay's 19-7 victory over the Chicago Bears.
RENTON, Wash. United Online of Woodland Hills, California, is buying Renton-based Classmates-dot-com for 100 (m) million dollars in cash.
Finnish mobile giant Nokia has described its new Preminet solution, which it launched Monday (Oct. 25), as a  quot;major worldwide initiative.
Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - Aston Villa striker Darius Vassell will be out for an  quot;extended period quot; due to a fractured ankle.
The company reports improving fundamentals and posts a 79 increase in Q3 earnings.
The nation's leading regional phone company is resting growth hopes on its Cingular Wireless venture.
United Online Inc., one of the country #39;s largest Internet service providers, Monday said it agreed to buy Classmates Online Inc.
Woolworths has probably won the first phase of the battle for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group. Whether that translates into clear leadership of the Australian liquor retailing 
IBM Monday introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
One of the new drives is just 3 inches in diameter, features a retractable USB cable for easy carrying and can store 5GB of data.\
New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.
The 3-inch Seagate USB 2.0 Pocket Hard Drive has a retractable USB cable and rubber feet designed to keep it still when it's being using with a desktop.
A new federal case illustrates the role computer intrusion is taking in the high-stakes world of niche Internet commerce.
US President George W. Bush #39;s administration welcomed Monday a European plan to lift US trade sanctions imposed over an illegal export tax break scheme.
The BBC has announced it is cutting 6,000 jobs, primarily from the British broadcaster #39;s news and production staffs, by year-end.
Intel drew the curtain Friday on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
The second round of talks aimed at finding a solution to the Darfur crisis in western Sudan resumed in the Nigerian capital Abuja on Monday.
AP - Sen. John Kerry lost his battle to make Missouri a battleground state.
AP - The Carolina Panthers lost any hope of DeShaun Foster playing again this season when it was determined Monday the running back needs surgery on his broken collarbone.
December 05 2004 1700CET- Several explosions took place at various petrol stations at the outskirts of the capital city of 
Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Brazilian singer Gilberto Gil and German romance singer Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau were named the 2005 winners of the Polar Music Prize for their contributions to music.
United Online (Nasdaq: UNTD) may have reported a perfectly respectable increase in quarterly profit today, but it #39;s the future that has investors worried.
Adobe Systems Inc., and Yahoo! today announced a partnership aimed at providing access to Yahoo! Search through Adobe Reader and a co-branded toolbar featuring Adobe Services.
Long hidden behind a thick veil of haze, Titan, the only known moon with an atmosphere, is ready for its close-up on Oct. 26, 2004.
Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath hopes that Mehmet Scholl can stay clear of the injuries that have debilitated his career in recent times.
NewsFactor - Sprint is launching a set of services designed to help businesses get a better grip on the array of wireless devices and applications that enterprises are rolling out with increased frequency.
Strong aftershocks have continued to hit Japan two days after 24 people died in the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in almost a decade.
The State Department will begin issuing electronic passports with microchips that store biometric and other data by early next year.
The Norwegian government announced it would impose mediation to end an oil-sector dispute that threatened crude production next month, pushing shipowners to drop a threatened lock-out.
THE extremist group led by Iraq #39;s most wanted man today claimed it carried out the shocking roadside massacre of almost 50 unarmed cadets.
Iran has turned over to Egypt the alleged mastermind of an 1995 assassination attempt on President Hosni Mubarak, an Islamic activist said Sunday, in a significant step 
Southern Ontario auto parts giant Magna International Inc. unveiled Monday a plan to take its three subsidiaries private in an effort to make its operations more efficient that could cost up to \$1.
An e-mail disguised as a Red Hat patch update is a fake designed to trick users into downloading malware, the Linux vendor warned in a message on its Web site.
Turin #39;s Olympic Committee needs to raise another 65 million euros from sponsors to meet targets for the 2006 Winter Games, its chief said on Monday after reports of a huge 
Egyptian authorities have arrested five men they say carried out the bombings that killed at least 34 people earlier this month at seaside resorts on the Sinai Peninsula.
Security forces fired shots in the air and used water cannons and tear gas to disperse about 2,000 angry Muslim youths rioting in Thailand #39;s troubled south Monday, leaving 
AP - THE DISASTER: A series of earthquakes that hit northeastern Japan  #151; the largest measuring magnitude 6.8  #151; leaves 98,000 residents in shelters.
The Redskins have released right tackle Kenyatta Jones, who started three games this season after Jon Jansen suffered a season-ending Achilles injury in the preseason.
Reuters - Carolina Panthers\running back DeShaun Foster will miss the rest of the season\due to a broken collarbone.
Reynolds American Inc. , the maker of Camel and Kool cigarettes, on Monday posted a third-quarter profit and raised its expectations for the full year on tax benefits and cost savings.
Sprint announced plans to offer the Sprint PCS Vision Smart Device Treo 650 by palmOne, a CDMA version of the recently announced palmOne device.
The GC89 PC Card combines global EDGE coverage with the WiFi technology in a single card which is compatible with both Windows and Macintosh computers.
Moving a step closer to its goal of storage on demand, IBM Corp. today announced updates to its TotalStorage Open Software product line with the intention 
Ron Zook has been relived of his duties as the Florida football head coach effective at the end of the season, Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley confirmed Monday.
Formula One has signed a five-year agreement to hold a race in Cancun starting in 2006, joining NASCAR in heading south of the border.
Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers running back DeShaun Foster will miss the rest of the season due to a broken collarbone.
AP - The main points of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza withdrawal plan:
The European Union said Monday it will lift sanctions against US imports following President Bush #39;s decision to remove illegal export subsidies.
Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal, who made a fortune buying mills from Algeria to Mexico, agreed to acquire Wilbur Ross #39;s International Steel Group Inc.
ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Titan, the most mysterious of Saturn #39;s moons, could surrender many of its secrets when the Cassini space probe makes its closest - ever approach this week.
CTIA stands for the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association. Each year they host two shows for the industry. This week is their fall Wireless IT and Entertainment expo in San Francisco.
NASA #39;s newest astronaut candidates experienced their first taste of zero gravity and are now preparing to make their first jet flights without the company of instructors.
Malcolm Glazer will make David Gill sweat before deciding whether he wishes to pursue his takeover plan for Manchester United. The Old Trafford board had been expecting some kind of public response from the 
Formula One has signed a five-year agreement to hold a race in Cancun starting in 2006, joining NASCAR in heading south of the border.
Budget questions continued to plague organizers for the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics on Monday, with local committee chief Valentino forced to cancel a hastily prepared news conference due to delays in compiling budget details.
The UN nuclear watchdog confirmed Monday that nearly 400 tons of powerful explosives that could be used in conventional or nuclear missiles disappeared from an unguarded military installation in Iraq.
Saboteurs blew up a section of a northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq #39;s biggest refinery at Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.
SPACE.com - Astronomers have spotted a faint cluster of stars in or near our galaxy, but they're not sure what to call the grouping.
THE merger of Harmony and Gold Fields is attractive in that it will not only create the biggest gold producer in the world, but one which is truly South African.
GM Today Staff. WAUKESHA - The orange numbers glow bright enough to be seen from across the street of North American Computer. The number - 68,248.
Microsoft Corp. has found an unlikely new partner to help promote Windows XP: Google Inc.
Secretary of State Colin Powell is wrapping up an East Asia trip focused on prodding North Korea to resume talks aimed at ending its nuclear-weapons program.
Queen Noor of Jordan speaks during an interview with The Associated Press at a hotel in downtown Bogota, Colombia, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004.
A man is charged with the murder of a father of two who was stabbed in his own home.
Big Blue puts a new twist on an older technology. But will it steal thunder from the computing giant's other big machines?\
Sony's first digital audio players to support MP3 files have been released in Europe in a significant change in strategy.\
Sony Electronics has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular MP3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
When technicians examined the PCs of 329 respondents, they found 80 percent loaded with dozens of spyware programs that track the user #39;s browsing habits.
Intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.
Utilities, telecommunications companies and government agencies are more popular as targets at attacks on them surged 55 per cent from July to August, a new report says.
Willie Randolph used the word we several times in reference to the Mets on Monday when discussing his interview for the managerial vacancy in Queens.
Plus, Kellogg's healthy but plain, BellSouth's Cingular pursuit, and Wild Oats grows stale.
Michael Vaughan said he hoped to take the batting form he has shown in Zimbabwe into the long tour of South Africa, where England fly on Monday.
AP - Randy Moss is expected to play a meaningful role for the Minnesota Vikings this weekend against the Giants, even without a fully healed right hamstring.
The handset giant has announced an operator-brandable end-to-end content distribution system in an effort to satisfy the needs of developers, carriers and end users.
The Mets have reached out to their fifth managerial candidate, asking for and receiving permission from the Dodgers to interview Riggleman, Los Angeles #39; bench coach since 2001.
AP - The Chicago Bears will not sign Tim Couch, instead deciding to stick with the three quarterbacks on their roster.
Description: Guerillas dressed as policemen ambush and kill about 50 newly trained Iraqi soldiers in a remote eastern region of Iraq.
AP - Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Financial-services giant Citigroup Inc. will pay \$250,000 to settle allegations it used misleading sales material on hedge funds, the National Association of Securities Dealers announced Monday.
Going into the 100th edition of the World Series, featuring two of the most prolific scoring teams in their respective leagues, could we have expected anything less than a slugfest?
The Carolina Panthers announced Monday that running back DeShaun Foster will undergo season-ending surgery and be placed on injured reserve.
We live in an era when a high school kid can Google the name of the cute girl sitting in the next aisle in an attempt to find out more about her.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has called for radical new thinking on the dispute with India on Kashmir, suggesting joint rule as one option.
Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Bus drivers in Quebec City were expected to vote Monday night on ending a three-day walkout that stranded hundreds of commuters.
Reuters - Foreign outrage at a Norwegian plan to let\tourists go on seal-shooting trips is mostly "emotional\nonsense," a senior official said on Monday.
American Express Co., the fourth- largest US credit-card issuer, said quarterly profit climbed 14 percent to a record as customers spent more on travel and carried larger loan balances.
Companies to Provide Consumers with Access to Yahoo! Search Through Adobe Reader and Co-branded Toolbar Featuring Adobe Services. SAN JOSE, Calif.
AFP - A 50-year-old British man arrested while driving his lawnmower in a state of intoxication had his automobile license revoked for one year by a British court.
AFP - US Supreme Court chief justice William Rehnquist has been admitted to a military hospital for cancer treatment, adding a late twist to the presidential election battle.
AP - The New England Patriots are unbeaten because of a simple approach  #151; score a lot early and keep the other team from scoring late.
NEW YORK Chicago-based stock-exchange operator Archipelago Holdings Incorporated says earnings per share fell, though revenue rose slightly.
The chipmaker and Craig McCaw's latest company partner on WiMax--a significant move for the emerging industry.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. delayed releasing its third-quarter financial results from Monday until Nov. 3 to let auditors finish evaluating a money-losing contract to provide computer services to the Navy.
Plum Creek Timber Co. on Monday posted a 71 percent surge in third-quarter profit, helped by higher prices for lumber products during the quarter.
Kellogg Co. says it expects low single-digit growth and somewhat lower margins during the fourth quarter, but the cereal and snack maker still has increased its overall earnings 
A new study from the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) and America Online (AOL) paints a dire picture of the state of security in the land of the home PC.
WORLD champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina said today she still doesn #39;t know what caused her to fall during a weekend program.
Green Bay, WI (Sports Network) - The Green Bay Packers could be without two starters in their defensive backfield for this weekend #39;s game at Washington.
New Delhi, Oct. 25: Visiting Myanmar military ruler Senior General Than Shwe today told his hosts his country will not allow its soil to be used by Northeast insurgents against Indian interests.
Left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens' game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
AP - Attorney General John Ashcroft did not violate anti-lobbying laws when he gave a series of speeches last year promoting the anti-terror Patriot Act, Justice Department internal investigators have concluded.
After a major earthquake and 10 typhoons, there's more concern that the system can't handle such disasters.
Hard-line Serbs led a boycott of this weekend's election, undercutting efforts to forge a multiethnic society.
The US has earmarked \$24 million annually to support human rights groups in North Korea.
The European Union said it was removing \$4 billion in trade sanctions on American products after the U.S. repealed what Europeans considered an illegal export tax break.
AP - Steve McNair is hurting, frustrated and just wants to finally get healthy. For now, the Tennessee Titans will only say he's day to day.
Yasir Arafat, who has been confined to his battered compound in the West Bank for nearly two and a half years, has permission to visit a nearby hospital in Ramallah for medical 
I was present at the Pakistan National Assembly session in Islamabad when the bill authorising President Pervez Musharraf to retain his uniform was introduced in the House.
AP - An "October surprise" is part of the political folklore of presidential campaigns, and just eight days before the election, the unexpected is indeed happening.
AP - Ninth-seeded Elena Bovina beat Jelena Kostanic 6-4, 6-2 Monday to reach the Generali Ladies Open's second round.
Brazilian Grand Prix winner Juan Pablo Montoya will be a better driver at McLaren than he was at Williams, according to team boss Ron Dennis.
Chipmaker teams up with cell phone pioneer Craig McCaw. Also, PalmOne's latest Treo, and TV for the mobile set.
Cingular Wireless will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 U.S. markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc.
Attendees at the CTIA Wireless IT and Entertainment 2004 event were told today that they should feel optimistic about the future of the mobile and wireless industry.
The IBM Global Business Security Index will compile threat information from some 2,700 IBM security professionals and half a million monitored devices so the severity of any threats can be analyzed.  
Mobile computers could provide customized information or perform specialized functions based on their changing locations.
Company expanding its reach after introducing the hosted service in the U.S. last year .
InfoWorld reviewer says Version 10 a good fit for smaller businesses looking for a strong CRM app, and especially those in need of integrated financial and inventory management.
Carrier has locked up the hot new PalmOne smart phone until some time after the new year.
AFP - The US antitrust authorities said they would clear Cingular Wireless Corp.'s 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT amp;T Wireless, with conditions.
Over-the-air fixes for cell phones comes to Qualcomm's CDMA.
Citigroup said Monday that it would close an investment management unit in Japan and pledged to strengthen oversight of its entire Japanese operation, five weeks after regulators 
A national study of US home computer users found many users have no idea their systems are infected with viruses or spyware, USA Today reported Monday.
AS IF ending Arsenals unbeaten run were not enough, Manchester United supporters had more reason to celebrate yesterday when the club rejected a possible 800 million takeover by Malcolm Glazer.
Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams will be forced to name a side from a squad missing nine of his England-based players for the upcoming Test against Australia at Murrayfield.
The University of Florida has fired coach Ron Zook, effective at the end of the season, an assistant coach on the staff confirmed Monday.
THE mayor of remote Pitcairn and his son were among five men convicted yesterday of raping and sexually assaulting young girls over 40 years.
Flextronics International (nasdaq: FLEX - news - people ) announced fiscal second-quarter earnings in-line with Wall Street estimates.
Left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
England duly completed a 4-0 whitewash in their controversial one-day international series against Zimbabwe on Sunday in Bulawayo.
Researchers say they have the strongest evidence yet that smoking causes asthma after a study of 1,444 people.
Scientists are about to get their first really close and revealing look at Titan, the invitingly mysterious giant moon of Saturn. The Cassini spacecraft is 
October 25, 2004 - I #39;m not going to beat around the bush. Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is the single best PlayStation 2 title I have ever played.
On Monday, the company announced that it has added new privacy features to its CallManager product, which maps phone numbers to IP addresses and keeps track of phone calls that are made.
New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin wants to talk with Barrett Green before discussing the status of the benched linebacker for this week #39;s game with Minnesota.
Baltimore Ravens left tackle Jonathan Ogden probably will miss the Baltimore Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday with a pulled left hamstring.
The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has officially informed the Security Council of some 380 tons of high explosives missing from a weapons dump in Iraq.
An attack that injured Australian soldiers near the nation #39;s embassy in Baghdad yesterday wasn #39;ta suicide bomber, an army commander said.
The Broncos are an example of how good things can be when the running game is working. Their opponent tonight, the Bengals, are an example of the flip side.
Enough explosives to fill almost 40 trucks are missing from a former Iraqi military facility, the UN nuclear agency confirmed Monday.
AP - The webmasters got their wish. Florida finally decided to fireronzook.
Investors following Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover battle with PeopleSoft Inc. got plenty of information to digest this week, including bold predictions 
Shares of Enel, the dominant electricity company in Italy, had their biggest gain in seven months on Monday, the first day of trading after the Italian government sold shares 
While many companies compete in the IT security business, IBM is differentiating itself by going beyond the worm of the day to include peripheral threats to a company #39;s IT environment.
WHAT skill Wayne Rooney has. Its very difficult to dive that well. Try it. Fall over on purpose and it looks as if you are falling down on purpose.
Manchester United #39;s board took the momentous decision yesterday to stand shoulder to shoulder with fans #39; groups and reject the takeover proposals of American multi-millionaire 
FURIOUS Jewish settlers besieged the Israeli parliament last night in a last-ditch effort to persuade wavering legislators to vote down Ariel Sharons controversial plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Australian troops in Baghdad came under attack today for the first time since the end of the Iraq war when a car bomb exploded injuring three soldiers and damaging an Australian armoured convoy.
AP - Surprise, surprise. Look who's above .500 and talking about making a playoff push. None other than the San Diego Chargers.
Reuters - So much for the "Curse of the\Bambino."
Bolivians vote in local elections with grassroots groups set to challenge the  traditional political parties.
Willie Randolph interviewed for the Mets' managerial job Monday, and stressed that his many years with the Yankees will serve him well if he gets a chance to run a team.
A report from Gartner shows IBM in first place in worldwide IT services in 2003, with HP slipping one notch to fifth place.
Ukraine's opposition leader urges foreign nations not to interfere in the re-run of the presidential poll.
AFP - Manchester United's Dutch international striker Ruud van Nistelrooy was charged with serious foul play by the Football Association (FA).
AP - The operators of a Spanish-based Web site that sold music downloads have agreed to pay  #36;10.5 million to settle a copyright infringement lawsuit brought by several recording companies.
An investigation by the New York Attorney General has insurance companies in Canada scurrying to review their commission policies.
Citigroup was fined \$250,000 for failings in its hedge-fund business yesterday and agreed to close its Japanese trust banking arm as its regulatory problems continued.
NEW YORK The dollar fell sharply on Monday, dropping to within a cent of record lows against the euro as worries over the US economy persisted.
Bristol City Council could begin one of the UK #39;s biggest roll-outs of open source desktop applications if a proposal to adopt Star Office is adopted at a council meeting next month.
If anything, unprecedented good fortune appears to be smiling on the Boston Red Sox who have fumbled and stumbled their way to a 2-0 World Series lead over the St.
Aston Villa have revealed striker Darius Vassell has suffered a broken ankle and will be out of action for an  quot;extended period quot;.
Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Hewlett-Packard will shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but Dell's wallet is wide open too.
AP - Boo Wade, expected to compete to be Wisconsin's starting point guard this season, is taking an indefinite leave of absence from the team.
The search engine's toolbar is included in new Windows XP Partner Pack.
News Corp. shareholders approved Rupert Murdoch #39;s plan to move his media company to the US from Australia, making it easier to raise money for expansion and allowing the stock to be 
Nokia, one of the leading brands in mobile technologies, has launched a new wireless content solution that will prove to be beneficial to many consumers worldwide.
AP - Players were back in shirt sleeves, and many of the 96 arches atop Busch Stadium were lit by the late-afternoon sun as the Red Sox took batting practice.
Plus: Original Mac designer trashes new Mac
Crude oil prices retreated Monday as Norwegian officials ordered striking oil workers to resume their work, reducing market #39;s fears over disruptions in Norwegian oil supplies.
A Mozilla Foundation spokesman told silicon.com sister site ZDNet UK that he expects the browser #39;s market share to reach 10 percent by the end of 2005.
The Boston Red Sox will try to get Curt Schilling ready for another World Series start. They certainly hope they don #39;t need to use him.
AP - The Boston Red Sox will try to get Curt Schilling ready for another World Series start. They certainly hope they don't need to use him.
PC World - The search engine's toolbar is included in new Windows XP "Partner Pack."
PC World - Experts will rate potential severity of business security threats.
AP - An "October surprise" is part of the political folklore of presidential campaigns, and just eight days before the election, the unexpected is indeed happening.
The pioneer in pay-to-play enterprise software has seen its stock more than double since going public in August.
Wall Street stocks fell modestly Monday as the volatile crude oil prices pressured on the stocks while uncertainty over economic growth and electronic overshadowed the market.
It looks like an unlikely collaboration. Adobe rules in desktop publishing and imaging applications while Yahoo! was once the king of online search.
Intel plans to use novel materials and manufacturing processes to develop smaller and faster computer chips once current technologies no longer do the trick.
The task in front of the St. Louis Cardinals is simple really, simply stated at least. They have to do everything better if they are going to beat the Boston Red Sox.
NEW YORK -- United Online Inc., one of the country #39;s largest Internet service providers, Monday said it agreed to buy Classmates Online Inc.
News Corporation management and shareholders have begun gathering in Adelaide for what is expected to be the company #39;s last annual general meeting in Australia.
RockStar Games today confirmed that GTA: San Andreas has been shipped to retailers throughout North America, ready for tomorrows highly anticipated release.
By The Associated Press. Baltimore left tackle Jonathan Ogden, who has a pulled hamstring, will probably miss the Ravens #39; game against the unbeaten Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
AP - South Korea's military tightened roadblocks and traffic checks north of Seoul after finding signs of possible infiltration by North Korean agents on Tuesday, officials said.
Since Marvin Williams has left his beloved hometown of Bremerton, he #39;s been learning all about the world of big-time college basketball at North Carolina.
AP - New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez signed a  #36;500 a week contract with the minor league Alaska Aces for the duration of the NHL lockout.
With Game 3 of the World Series at Busch Stadium on Tuesday, the St. Louis Cardinals are hoping that the comforts of home make a difference against Boston.
Rupert Murdoch won hard fought shareholder approval on Tuesday to shift the corporate headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd.
David Wing will return to his posts of chief financial officer and executive vice president at the parent company of ATA Airlines, four months after abruptly leaving the Indianapolis company for personal reasons.
Somerfield raised 51m through a shares placing yesterday to help finance the purchase of 114 stores from its rival supermarket group, William Morrison.
The fans of the St. Louis Cardinals are considered the best in baseball, or at least the most polite and supportive. They embrace their team with the fervor of a college 
With apologies to the World Series, much of the world #39;s sporting interest in the United States is currently related to soccer, not baseball.
Willie Randolph is still under contract with the Yankees, but while speaking yesterday about the possibility of managing the Mets, he used a couple of revealing personal pronouns.
Human rights groups in Haiti and abroad are protesting the detention of the Rev. Grard Jean-Juste, a well-known Roman Catholic priest and vocal supporter 
ATA #39;s parent corporation has appointed a chief restructuring officer amid heightened speculation that the nation #39;s 10th-largest airline might be nearing bankruptcy.
The Malcolm Glazer takeover bid took a further twist yesterday with Manchester United announcing they had broken off talks with the American businessman.
Five Egyptians have been arrested on suspicion of plotting three near simultaneous car bombings of a hotel and resort in the Sinai that killed at least 34 people, including 
By Ng Han Guan, AP. Secretary of State Colin Powell is usually all business on his foreign travels, taking no time out to sightsee or meet ordinary folk.
America Online reversed course and said it would adopt a proposed technology from Microsoft designed to help beat back spam and other e-mail blights.
AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair announced plans Monday to introduce high-tech biometric identity cards, saying they could be a significant means of fighting terrorism.
AP - Bengals defensive tackle Tony Williams was taken off the field on a cart Monday night after hurting his left ankle on a low block by Denver's George Foster late in the first quarter.
AP - African Anglican bishops said Monday that they were considering establishing a theology that conforms to the continent's culture, including prevailing beliefs against same-sex unions.
Hewlett-Packard will shell out \$16.1 billion for chips in 2005, but Dell's wallet is wide open, too.
The Board of Directors of US entertainment giant Walt Disney Co. has chosen a search firm to help it find a successor for Disney CEO Michael Eisner, the company announced Monday.
America Online Inc. will support a new, modified version of the Sender ID e-mail authentication specification that is being submitted to the IETF for consideration Monday.
The University of Florida on Monday fired its head football coach, Ron Zook, opening one of the nation #39;s premier college football coaching jobs.
The White House sought to explain the missing explosives in Iraq; John Kerry said the president had put U.S. troops at risk.
Six descendants of the original mutineers on the Bounty were found guilty yesterday of 32 sexual assault offences in one of the last and remotest outposts of the British empire.
A disgruntled Palestinian who worked as a driver and was bent on killing as many Israeli tourists as possible organized the bombings of three resort 
South Korea is stepping up security along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea after a hole was found cut in a border fence, the South Korean Defense Ministry said on Tuesday.
Four people, including a Taiwan Television cameraman, were killed as northern Taiwan felt the brunt of Typhoon Nock-ten #39;s powerful winds and punishing rains yesterday.
No longer the top gun in the Red Sox rotation, Pedro Martinez can recapture some status in Game 3 that has been lost to ineffectiveness and odd off-field behavior.
The Wizards will host a series of dating games this season in a marketing effort to lure people to watch some basketball.
Joe Gross, a three-time All-Met, has suffered through a troubling year that has derailed a promising golf career.
AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell won agreement from top Chinese officials Monday to resume joint discussions on human rights issues, but he failed to persuade them to open a dialogue with old rival Taiwan.
Sales of previously owned homes in Louisville bucked the national trend in September, falling 4 percent from the month before while sales nationwide rose to the third highest level on record.
Rupert Murdoch won shareholder approval on Tuesday to move the corporate headquarters of his \$48 billion News Corp. Ltd. (NCP.AX: Quote, Profile 
Sony has released the first of its digital audio players to support the popular MP3 format, marking a significant shift in its music strategy.
Pedro Martinez is no longer the focal point of the Boston Red Sox, nor even the staff ace, for that matter. Game 1 used to be his, automatically.
Some 100,000 people in Japan remained in emergency shelters Monday night as aftershocks shook Niigata Prefecture following weekend earthquakes that killed 26.
The Cassini spacecraft is set to reveal the closest views yet of Saturn's moon Titan, when it makes a close pass of the satellite on Tuesday.
There's something spooky about a regulation that mandates child safety seats in hearses.
Showing that money can still be made in the old-line industries, the turnaround specialist Wilbur L. Ross is selling a steel company that he created over the last two years 
Electricity Commissioner Roy Hemmingway has finally been issued with the weapons needed to fulfil his role as New Zealand #39;s top energy regulator.
Wellington - All Blacks coach Graham Henry named eight new players and recalled former captain Anton Oliver on Tuesday in a new-look squad to tour Europe next month.
Late and under priced. The Apple iTunes Music Store has now opened for our Canadian Commonwealth friends. However it seems that the news isnt great if you live in America.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon asked Parliament to approve a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank in a turbulent session on Monday.
Scientists are about to get their first really close and revealing look at Titan, the invitingly mysterious giant moon of Saturn.
The World Wide Web is the perfect Petri dish for memes, infectious ideas or any other things that spread by imitation from person to person.
The profit report cards last week looked good both for the old-line stalwarts of the technology sector, but this is a technology recovery of seemingly diminished expectations.
Intel is teaming up with telecommunications pioneer Craig McCaw to develop new wireless technology for Internet access.
One week before the elections, the national economy remains stuck in a fragile and sluggish recovery.
The Walt Disney Company's multimillion-dollar contract with Michael S. Ovitz was unreasonable and one of the most generous ever, a compensation expert testified.
In an effort to create a global wireless alternative to cable and telephone Internet service, Intel said on Monday that it would collaborate with Clearwire, a wireless 
The Cassini spacecraft is set to reveal the closest views yet of Saturn #39;s moon Titan, when it makes a close pass of the satellite on Tuesday.
The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency reported Monday that massive quantities of high explosives at an Iraqi weapons facility have disappeared, including 
While senior Microsoft executives pit the company against Google in a looming Internet search war, the Redmond, Washington-based company has begun offering a Google search tool for download from the Microsoft.
Ron Zook has been fired as University of Florida football coach. Athletic director Jeremy Foley told The Gainesville Sun the news.
Danny Williams, who registered a major upset by knocking out Mike Tyson in four rounds in July, expects to pull off another one when he faces heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko.
Israeli lawmakers held a stormy debate on Ariel Sharons Gaza withdrawal plan ahead of a critical vote today that could give the prime minister crucial support for pushing forward.
One police officer was shot dead as UN peacekeepers and Haitian riot police took over a holdout of militants loyal to ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
The University of Florida on Monday fired its head football coach, Ron Zook, opening one of the nation's premier college jobs.
The fastest Mac supercomputer has gotten faster, thanks to an Xserve makeover.
Evanston, IL (Sports Network) - Northwestern head football coach Randy Walker was hospitalized with an undisclosed illness before a Monday press conference.
AP - Iranian scientists have developed technology to produce zirconium, a key metal used in the heart of a nuclear reactor to produce nuclear fuel, a top nuclear official said Monday.
MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan - At first glance the election commissions map of Afghanistan appears to be a colour-coded layout of the countrys patchwork ethnic groups.
Harmony, the listed gold miner, has not put a final figure on how much it will have to spend on its hostile bid for local rival Gold Fields.
An angry and frustrated crowd in Southwest Washington last night denounced Mayor Anthony A. Williams #39;s proposal to build a baseball stadium in their community, saying they feared being displaced 
SEOUL - South Korea tightened security north of the capital Seoul Tuesday after finding signs that North Korean agents may have infiltrated the country.
AFP - Afghanistan's presidential vote count is expected to conclude but several procedural steps remain before any declaration of incumbent Hamid Karzai's landslide victory in the historic ballot.
A frustrated crowd in Southwest Washington denounces Mayor Anthony A. Williams's proposal to build a stadium in their community.
London - Indian-born billionaire Lakshmi Mittal has agreed to acquire the US #39;s International Steel Group for about \$4.5 billion (R27.
American Express Co. said on Monday its quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts #39; expectations, due to strength in the economy that spurred record card 
In 2003, Pedro Martinez and Jeff Suppan were teammates. Just one year later, both are in the Fall Classic and pitching against each other.
Manchester United showed why it has been the dominant club in the Premier League era, ending Arsenal #39;s 49-match unbeaten streak and closing within eight points of the league leader.
Below are some brief notes on this week #39;s Utah football game at San Diego State. For the complete release, please choose the PDF option.
Conflicts and bombings still rampaged across Iraq on Monday, killing at least 16 people including an American soldier and an Estonian trooper.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs yesterday thanked US Secretary of State Colin Powell for trying to persuade China to resume talks with Taiwan during his visit to Beijing.
Reuters - Chad Johnson and Rudi Johnson both\scored long touchdowns as the Cincinnati Bengals stunned the\Denver Broncos 23-10 in the National Football League on Monday.
Cuba announces a ban on commercial transactions in dollars in response to tighter US sanctions.
Retailers gearing up for their annual sales push are being forced to wait - thanks to a backup of cargo ships, railroads and truck lines.
Paying those hometown dues, Devil center Scott Gomez is passing on a chance to make up the money he #39;s losing from Gary Bettman #39;s lockout.
After the fourth question yesterday regarding backup running back Ron Dayne, Giants coach Tom Coughlin felt he had answered enough.
The European Parliament is set to hold a debate as it prepares to decide the fate of the incoming commission.
The European Commission is expected to approve Oracle's \$7.7 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft on Tuesday, with no conditions attached, a person close to the case said.
In many vehicles nowadays, you can check your e-mail, view Web sites, even watch television, from the comfort of your driver's seat.
AP - Microsoft Corp. plans a Dec. 1 release for the latest version of its server software that aims to give companies more secure instant messaging and other corporate communications tools.
Anchorage, AK (Sports Network) - New Jersey Devils center Scott Gomez has signed with an East Coast Hockey League team in his hometown of Anchorage.
The Justice Department reached a settlement agreement yesterday allowing Cingular Wireless to buy AT amp;T Wireless and create the nation #39;s largest cell phone company.
Robert Polet, chief executive of the Gucci Group, named company veteran Mark Lee to the post of president and managing director of the Gucci division, moving quickly to 
As a single parent with one income, Barbara George said she routinely relies on the float when she writes a check. If Im writing a check for my kids lunch money or while on vacation 
With their eyes set squarely on the prize, there was no indication from the Red Sox yesterday that they were leading the 100th World Series, 2-0, needing only 
The Pentagon said yesterday that 380 tons of missing explosives from an Iraqi munitions facility may have been moved before US troops overran the area during the invasion to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
South Korea is on a high security alert after two holes are found in the wire along its border with the North.
The Cassini spacecraft will swoop near Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan today, revealing features on the surface in the best detail yet.
When bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications begins eyeing bids for some or all of its cable systems, one heavyweight contender is likely to be a joint offer from Comcast Corp.
HCC Insurance Holdings said Monday that its subsidiaries that have market service agreements have voluntarily suspended payments under the agreements.
Iraqi officials opened an investigation Monday into the role played by infiltrators in the ambush on Sunday that left 49 Iraqi National Guard trainees dead, in the face 
Entering a market where there are already several well established players Nokias Preminet open service model solution is being heralded as the next generation of content delivery systems for wireless devices.
Shareholders of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation agree the tycoon's plan to move the company's headquarters from Australia to the United States.
German, French and Turkish leaders meet, with Ankara's EU bid expected to be high on the agenda.
High oil prices, combined with surging demand for oil products such as petrol, land BP another jump in profits.
India claim three quick wickets as Australia reach 103-3 at lunch on day one of the third Test.
News Corporation shareholders have approved the company #39;s decision to move its headquarters from Australia to United States. At a extraordinary meeting in Adelaide, more than 90 of shareholders voted to support 
Global commerce is expected to grow 8.5 percent by the end of this year, helped by economic expansion that could overcome record oil prices, the World Trade Organization said Monday.
Bankrupt cable operator Adelphia Communications Corp (ADELQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) will allow cable companies Time Warner Inc.
Caron Butler scored 18 points in the first quarter and the Los Angeles Lakers won their third straight preseason game, 117-91 over the Seattle SuperSonics on Monday night.
As the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency confirmed Monday that about 380 tons of explosives are missing from an Iraqi military complex, the issue quickly moved into the presidential campaign.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be allowed to leave his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment, an Israeli official said Monday.
INDIANAPOLIS An attorney says the parent company of the nation #39;s tenth-largest airline is expected to file for bankruptcy today.
After a string of lackluster play on the field and controversial incidents off of it, University of Florida football coach Ron Zook was fired Monday, two days after an upset 
A unit of American Express Co. agreed Monday to provide Delta Air Lines Inc. with up to \$600 million in financing - if the cash-strapped airline persuades its 
The University of Colorado has logged its lowest graduation rate for student athletes in five years, according to a report released Monday by the NCAA.
The Israeli parliament, the Knesset, is preparing to vote tonight on a controversial plan to withdraw Jewish settlers from the Gaza strip.
South Korea has put frontline troops on high alert after finding two holes cut in the wire along its heavily fortified buffer zone with North Korea.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said on Monday that China had agreed to discuss the American request for a new dialogue over the detention of Chinese citizens 
The chief executive of US insurance giant Marsh and McLellan Jeffrey Greenberg last night resigned as the firm promised reforms after being accused of rigging bids.
The European Union agreed Monday to lift penalties that have cost American exporters \$300 million, following the repeal of a US corporate tax break deemed illegal under global trade rules.
Australia faltered in the last 30 minutes of the first session of the third Test against India at Nagpur and the hosts took full advantage to emerge with their necks out in front.
Juan Pablo Montoya could become an  #39;even better #39; Formula One racer at the wheel of a McLaren, Woking CEO Ron Dennis said prior to returning to Europe.
Boston police will almost certainly face a brutality lawsuit seeking millions of dollars in damages in the fatal shooting of 21-year-old Victoria Snelgrove 
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf Monday called for a national debate on ways to resolve the Kashmir dispute, with options to include independence or joint control of the region, Dawn reported Tuesday.
Classmates Online, the Renton company that built a business around uniting high-school alumni, is being acquired by Internet service provider United Online for \$100 million in cash.
While keeping the interest rates unchanged, RBI has reduced the GDP forecast for financial year 2005 from 6.5 per cent to 7 per cent.
Starting Thursday, if you write a check, the money had better be in the account to back it up. The cash could be coming out quicker.
AFP - Eight newcomers have been named in an All Blacks squad of 32 for their rugby tour of the northern hemisphere next month.
Cincinnati - Quentin Griffin was supposed to salvage his season as a kick returner after losing his starting tailback job. Griffin #39;s season likely has ended on a kick return.
North Korea on Tuesday accused the administration of US President George W. Bush of using a dispute over its nuclear weapons program to gain votes in next week #39;s presidential election.
About 200 colleagues of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, who went missing a week ago today, gathered at a rally in Baghdad to demand her release.
An aide to Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been killed in an air strike in Iraq, the US military says.
A NASA climate expert planned to say in a lecture on Tuesday night that a Bush administration official told him not to discuss the consequences of global warming.
Given the prevalence of emotional difficulties on campus, it pays to find out, before choosing a college, what mental health services are available.
Property owners at Cape San Blas, Fla., have run into an insurance Catch-22.
A Red Sox fan blames "quantum baseball" on his team's misfortunes.
Sir Mark Thatcher's lawyers are to argue for his right to silence over a call to answer questions on his role in an alleged coup plot.
\An Islamic leader in southern Thailand says authorities "overreacted" to a protest, after six people are killed.
AFP - A Hong Kong rights group has boycotted a meeting with a visiting British official, accusing London of failing to speak up in support of pro-democracy politicians in the territory.
Among the 20 stock analysts who follow the fortunes of Google Inc., only one lonely researcher suggests selling the shares. I would join him.
It's not enough to pay a fine for breaking securities laws in Massachusetts. State officials want a public admission of guilt, too.
Six Egyptian students captured sneaking into Israel have been exchanged for an Israeli businessman convicted in Egypt as an Israeli spy.
Venture capital investing, a key barometer of the entreprenerial economy, unexpectedly tumbled 26 percent to 4.3 billion nationally in the third quarter, from 
Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday it has obtained up to \$600 million in new financing as the struggling carrier seeks to avoid bankruptcy.
Mozilla will today launch the nearly-final version of Firefox, its open source web browser, ahead of the 1.0 product launch on 9 November.
Michigan, Michigan State and Western Michigan have the highest graduation rates for athletes among the state #39;s seven NCAA Division I schools, an NCAA report showed Monday.
Iraq has a population of about 20 million. According to Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, most are living in relative peace and safety.
Pedro wasn't talking. The inference is that he would have his arm do all the talking necessary tonight.
Chad got the best of Champ last night, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success.
It was early September when Northeastern women's hockey coach Laura Schuler climbed the steep staircase in Matthews Arena to her new office for the first time.
Hopkinton senior Jon Curran shot an even-par 71 to win the MIAA Division 2 state golf individual title yesterday and propel the Hillers to their second straight state championship.
St. Louis right-hander Jeff Suppan came up through the ranks with Boston and returned there as an established veteran last year in a midseason trade.
The European contingent for the Breeders #39; Cup flew into Texas last night to be greeted by increasingly stormy weather and a warning that things could be extremely tough 
Two studies released this week confirm that venture capital funding is lagging in Colorado in comparison with other parts of the nation.
Tokyo stocks ended mixed Tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of the US presidential election. The US dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen.
San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - Caron Butler scored 18 points to help the Los Angeles Lakers to a 117-91 preseason victory over the Seattle SuperSonics.
US officials suggested yesterday that nearly 380 tons of conventional high explosives that disappeared from an Iraqi weapons facility near Baghdad were 
Tobacco companies are spending more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still are falling, according to a study released Friday.
For the time being, Hewlett-Packard will keep the crown as the world #39;s biggest spender on semiconductors, according to a report released on Monday.
The Carolina Panthers lost any hope of DeShaun Foster playing again this season when it was determined yesterday the running back needs surgery on his broken collarbone.
India #39;s central bank unexpectedly raised a key interest rate for the first time in four years, saying record oil prices and rising corporate demand for credit threaten to fuel inflation.
British American Tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business-transforming deal in the United States had shown early promise.
Tokyo stocks ended mixed Tuesday as investors grew cautious ahead of the US presidential election. The US dollar edged higher against the Japanese yen.
Man Utd's Ruud van Nistelrooy says he is not guilty after being hit with an FA charge over a tackle on Ashley Cole.
Wildlife experts believe the pine marten, once declared extinct in England, is on the comeback trail.
Syrians say they have begun a serious effort to tighten security and prevent rebels from crossing their 400-mile border with Iraq.
Venture capital investing declined during the quarter ended Sept. 30, nationally and in Florida. But industry experts say the drop doesn #39;t necessarily reflect an alarming trend.
Tokyo stocks were mixed Tuesday morning as investors grew cautious ahead of US presidential election. The US dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Dave Wallace met Pedro Martinez in a sugar-cane field in the Dominican Republic. Wallace was looking for live arms for the Los Angeles Dodgers, his search bringing 
tunningly, unexpectedly, one of college football #39;s prized head coaching jobs came open Monday morning with the firing of Florida #39;s Ron Zook.
By wire services. Miami is No. 1 to the BCS computers, but it still fell to No.3 in the standings released Monday. USC stayed atop the standings at .
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals returned to Busch Stadium on a warm, sunny autumn Monday after two straight World Series losses in cold, rainy Boston.
AN embarrassing crash into Sydney #39;s Opera House today took the wind out of the sails of a British newspaper #39;s marketing campaign.
Companies developing new drugs and biomedical devices got the biggest percentage of funds invested by venture capital firms in the third quarter, according to two new surveys.
The Cassini probe will not pass as close to the moon Iapetus as originally planned because of fears that the flyby will disturb the path of the \$3.
The United Nations nuclear agency warned yesterday that nearly 400 tons of missing explosives could be in the hands of insurgents who have been targeting US-led forces in Iraq for months.
TheDeal.com - The Department of Justice has approved Cingular Wireless'  #36;41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
TheDeal.com - SIF hf. plans to buy Labeyrie Group for an enterprise value of  #36;425 million.
AFP - Damien Martyn and Darren Lehmann scored a quickfire century partnership to lead Australia's recovery in the third cricket Test against a severely depleted India here.
BT is looking to breathe new life into its network of phoneboxes by giving customers the chance to download music.
Online travel and leisure business Lastminute says chairman Allan Leighton will leave the firm in January.
A South African trade union delegation is allowed into Zimbabwe despite being told their visit is not acceptable.
The run-up to November's presidential election has benefited websites, bringing increased numbers of visitors. Now, the trick is to maintain that traffic surge. By Daniel Terdiman.
A federal judge rules that Florida doesn't have to provide a paper trail for electronic votes, tossing out a congressman's lawsuit. Jacob Ogles reports from Orlando, Florida.
A conversation about Walter McCarty never stays focused on the Celtics' versatile forward for long. Just ask coach Doc Rivers.
With one federal approval received yesterday and another coming as soon as today, Cingular Wireless is finally poised to complete its \$41 billion takeover of AT T Wireless Services Inc.
A broadband wireless network is helping researchers at an important panda park in China.
High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped BP PLC drive up third-quarter earnings by 53 percent, the company said Tuesday.
Mumbai, Oct. 26 (NNN): The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday announced the busy season credit policy keeping the bank rate untouched at six per cent.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
A photographer was taking snaps of skater Tatiana Totmianina Monday when her coach remarked,  quot;Smile for the camera. #39; #39;.
BAGHDAD - An American airstrike on Fallujah killed an aide close to rebel leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the US military said on Tuesday.
Persistent rain in northern Japan has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the wake of powerful earthquakes which have shaken the region.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has had a medical test under anaesthetic at his compound in Ramallah after bouts of vomiting and stomach pain.
Mexico has some of the highest and the lowest standards of living in the world, such is the extent of the gap between rich and poor, a UN report says.
The brother of an alleged militant leader is sentenced to four years jail for helping to fund a Jakarta bomb attack.
Billionaire from the UK Lakshmi Mittal on Monday purchased International Steel Group from Wilbur Ross, thus creating the worlds biggest steel company.
British telecommunications company Cable  amp; Wireless PLC is selling its Japanese business to Tokyo-based broadband services provider Softbank Corp.
Another year of record-high oil prices may dent world economic growth in 2005, with China being particularly vulnerable, an OPEC official said Tuesday.
Kevin Keegan has been charged with criticising the referee after Manchester City #39;s weekend Premier League defeat against Newcastle United, the Football Association (FA) said on Tuesday.
National Transportation Safety Board investigators look over the crash site of the Hendrick Motorsport plane crash in Patrick Springs, Va.
RUPERT Murdoch has won the battle to shift the headquarters of his giant media group News Corp from the southern Australian city of Adelaide to the US state of Delaware.
Pharmaceutical company Elan has announced a settlement of the class action suit filed by shareholders against the company in early 2002 in relation to its accounting practices.
AP - The St. Louis Cardinals were looking to fill out their rotation last December when they signed Jeff Suppan to a modest two-year,  #36;6 million contract.
AFP - A once-thriving coal mine in Yorkshire was closing down, leaving just nine deep coal mines in Britain, the pale remains of an industry that once employed a million people.
PARIS (AFP) - The 2004 Formula One season was a case of one red car beating another red car as Michael Schumacher and Ferrari ran their rivals ragged.
The threat of biological weapons is real and needs to be tackled now, medical experts warn.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc is warning customers about an email scam that claims to be a Red Hat security update but in fact encourages users to download and run potentially malicious code.
The Egyptian government announced the first arrests in Sinai Peninsula hotel bombings case. This was the most tragic terror act in the entire country for the last seven years.
DEAF children helped by kidnapped Margaret Hassan yesterday joined 200 mercy workers at a rally in Baghdad to call for her release.
Outdated computer systems are hampering the work of inspectors, says the UN nuclear agency.
Marconi is the latest big name to join the Wimax Forum, which is expected to certify its first long-range wireless broadband products next year.
For the first time in the history of astronomy, scientists are about to glimpse the mysterious surface of Titan, Saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon.
A NASA experiment that could help shape the future of space exploration as part of a new generation of potentially life-saving space crafts has launched 
Damien Martyn has made it back to back centuries against India as Australia looked to build a big first innings total in the third Test in Nagpur.
Choose well, and you are assured a lifetime of good cheer and support, with only the occasional passenger-side regurgitation cleanup.
President Pervez Musharraf #39;s proposals to solve the Kashmir dispute has been called a  quot;betrayal quot; by opposition groups in Pakistan.
Radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has appeared via video-link at the Old Bailey on charges of stirring up racial hatred and urging murder of non-believers.
AFP - Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association for his confrontation with referee Steve Dunn in the tunnel after Sunday's 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
AP - Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, appeared in a South African court on Tuesday on charges he helped bankroll a coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea.
A symbol of abundance to the rest of the world, the Amazon is experiencing a crisis of overfishing.
Sony has launched two portable digital audio players that for the first time support the MP3 file format, other than its Atrac file format.
It looks to be all out war. Microsoft has announced the launch date for a test version of desktop search software to rival Google #39;s beta search application released earlier this month.
A survey conducted by internet service provider AOL found that 20 percent of home computers were infected by a virus or worm, and that various forms of snooping programs such 
Ziff Davis - Vodafone signs a global purchasing agreement with Sun that gives Vodafone consistent terms for Sun's hardware, software and services product line.
Oil giant BP today said record fuel prices and better refining margins had helped it to bank nearly 1 million a day in profits. BP posted profits of 3.94 billion US 
United States troops have reinforced positions around Fallujah after an overnight air strike and sealed main roads out of the rebel-held city.
AFP - Manchester police have been asked give evidence into the Old Trafford buffet battle when an Arsenal player was alleged to have thrown soup and pizza at Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson.
Will they or won't they? Dell execs remain elusive on AMD plans, but analysts say circumstances could push the two together.
Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
WPP, one of the worlds biggest advertising agencies, today cast doubt on prospects for the industrys fortunes next year, saying the  quot;jury remains out quot;.
Japanese communications firm Softbank is to buy the Japanese unit of Cable  amp; Wireless for \$132 million (72 million pounds), making it the No 
Kevin Keegan has been charged with verbally abusing a match official following Manchester City #39;s 4-3 defeat by Newcastle United.
Antonio Davis and Washington #39;s Brendan Haywood figure to draw suspensions for Monday #39;s dust-up during the Bulls #39; 100-95 preseason victory.
The disappearance of 380 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraq storage depot has become a political football in the US presidential elections as both campaigns look for a last-minute advantage.
\Tuberculosis will kill millions in developing countries unless radical action is taken, an aid organisation has warned.
A website detailing the inner workings of leading tobacco firm British American Tobacco has been set up.
New Delhi: Hailing RBIs monetary and credit policy, Finance Minister P Chidambaram today said it will not hamper growth and the investment momentum will continue despite pressure on price level.
BRITISH American Tobacco is continuing to make good profits on the strength of its four main cigarette brands: Lucky Strike, Kent, Dunhill and Pall Mall cigarettes.
WPP Group, the world #39;s second largest advertising company, says its third-quarter revenues grew ahead of analyst expectations but has warned of an uncertain 2005.
In what may turn out to be an ominous sign of a short-lived recovery, foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. caught market watchers by surprise Tuesday with a grim 
Stephen Fleming batted himself into the record books and New Zealand into an ominous position on the opening day of the second Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
Injury-hit India made a good start in the third cricket Test against Australia on Tuesday, leaving the tourists on 103-3 by lunch on the opening day.
Kirk Hinrich scored 32 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 100-95 victory over the Washington Wizards in an exhibition game delayed by a fight Monday night.
London - Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan has been charged by the Football Association for his confrontation with referee Steve Dunn in the tunnel after Sunday #39;s 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley thought Ron Zook was the right fit for Floridas football program three years ago when he hired the energetic, player-friendly defensive coordinator with the New Orleans Saints.
South Korea said Tuesday an investigation into a hole found cut in a border fence along the Demilitarised Zone frontier with North Korea did not suggest infiltration from the communist country.
The operators of a Spanish-based Web site that sold music downloads have agreed to pay \$10.5 million to settle a copyright infringement lawsuit brought by several recording companies.
AFP - The United Nations envoy on AIDS urged Prime Minister Tony Blair to persuade the world's richest countries to provide more funds to step up treatment of the disease in Africa.
After years as champ, the peacock network is flagging. Can its boss glue the feathers back on?
A major change is coming to the global steel industry and a galvanized mill in Lackawanna that formerly belonged to Bethlehem Steel Corp.
The European Union decided yesterday to lift heavy punitive tariffs on US goods but said it might renew them if the World Trade Organization confirms suspected loopholes 
AOL is chums again with buddy Microsoft and is now supporting a new version of Redmond #39;s controversial Sender ID anti-spoofing technology.
Shares of Google rose 8.7 percent in the second trading session after the company said third-quarter profit more than doubled. The shares rose \$14.
Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was charged by the Football Association on Tuesday with verbally abusing the referee following his side #39;s 4-3 defeat to Newcastle.
NEW YORK - Apple Computer #39;s machines are known for being great for composing music, editing video and, of course, downloading music.
A fire at an Iraqi sulphur plant has caused the largest man-made release of sulphur ever recorded, scientists say.
The world #39;s reliance on oil and gas is set to increase sharply as global energy demand soars by 60 over the next 25 to 30 years, an influential report predicts.
Advertising giant WPP today said quarterly revenues grew at the fastest rate since 2001 but warned that the jury remains out on its prospects for next year.
Intel and Clearwire, Craig McCaw #39;s wireless broadband services company, plan to jointly develop and deploy wireless broadband WiMax networks, the companies announced today.
Microsoft is now burning disks of Live Communication Server 2005. The real-time communications product should be broadly available December 1, the company said Monday.
BOSTON Go figure this World Series. An old maxim in baseball is you always give away more runs with shoddy defense than you gain with torrid bats.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh - Captain Stephen Fleming struck a sparkling century as New Zealand took control of the second and final Test against Bangladesh here on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi headed to northern Japan to survey the damage wrought by the deadliest earthquakes to hit the country in nearly a decade as the death toll jumped to 31.
A Chinese court has sentenced a man to 19 years in prison for trafficking pornographic DVDS, state media reports.
Gold Fields Ltd. may bring forward the date for shareholders to vote on its proposed \$2.1 billion purchase of Canada #39;s Iamgold Corp.
The next version of Microsoft Corp. #39;s enterprise instant messaging and presence server will be available on Dec. 1, the company said late on Monday.
The British Embassy in Istanbul, which was damaged in the terrorist attacks killing 16 people on November 20, 2003 was re-opened for service by Crown Prince Charles yesterday.
The International Energy Agency has said fossil fuels will retain their overwhelming domination of the world #39;s energy market until 2030 unless governments urgently switch to clean sources.
A subsidiary of American Express will lend \$600 million to the struggling airline, which is meeting with its pilots union. By Todd Pack.
Sharp Electronics plans to stop selling its Linux-based personal digital assistant (PDA) in the US, reports Associated Press. The company will continue to 
SKIPPER Stephen Fleming marked his record-breaking Test appearance today with a solid unbeaten 87 that put New Zealand in command on the first day of the second cricket Test against Bangladesh.
Network operator Cable and Wireless Tuesday announced it has agreed to sell its Japanese business, Cable  amp; Wireless IDC, to Softbank for 72.
In a trailblazing pairing of robotics and tractor companies, iRobot and John Deere announced plans Monday to build a 9-foot-long semi-autonomous battlefield vehicle.
Halliburton reported a loss in the third quarter, hurt by charges from discontinued operations related to the settlement of asbestos and silica claims.
Gainesville, FL (U-WIRE) -- On a plane traveling from North Carolina to Gainesville, UF President Bernie Machen had made up his mind.
A senior Greek prosecutor has postponed announcing the results of a two-month investigation into disgraced Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou.
The Pakistani leader, General Pervez Musharraf, has called for a new approach to resolving the 50-year-old dispute with India over the status of Kashmir.
Reuters - International Paper Co. , the\world's largest forest products company, on Tuesday reported a\third-quarter loss after taking a charge to write down Canadian\assets.
RBI deputy governor on Tuesday said the increase in the overnight repo rate was a short-term signal aimed at tackling price stability.
High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped the British energy giant BP PLC nearly double its third-quarter earnings, the company said Tuesday.
British American Tobacco, the world #39;s second biggest cigarette maker, has beaten forecasts with a 13.5 percent rise in third-quarter profits after upbeat trading from Italy 
Huntsville engineers are hoping bad weather won #39;t put off the launch today of a satellite that could lead to completely automatic spaceflight and docking.
Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta is out for the rest the season after damaging a cruciate ligament during Sundays 1-1 draw with Portsmouth.
AP - High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped the British energy giant BP PLC nearly double its third-quarter earnings.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,  as oil prices eased and insurance stocks extended gains from  their rally late on Monday.
The illness affecting candidate Viktor Yushchenko underscores his message that in Ukraine, things are so fundamentally ugly that they must change.
Up to four million Muslims end three days of prayers in Bangladesh, for Islam's second largest event after the Hajj.
The Federal Communications Commission has approved the \$41 billion merger of Atlanta-based Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
China is ready to reduce tariffs and drop barriers for foreign products to enter its market next year, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
Consumer goods company posts flat 1Q, warns that 2Q profit will come in below Wall Street #39;s views. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sara Lee Corp.
WASHINGTON -- Antitrust regulators at the Justice Department have given their blessing to the acquisition by Cingular Wireless of AT amp;T Wireless Services.
LONDON - British American Tobacco PLC posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit Tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.
Intel will work with Clearwire, a wireless internet service provider, on future networks based on WiMax wireless broadband technology.
NASA researchers are one day away from testing what they hope will be the space agencys first unmanned vehicle capable of meeting up with other orbiting spacecraft.
Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan will write to referee Steve Dunn to apologise for his conduct in the players tunnel after the defeat at Newcastle on Sunday.
Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish beat Jan Hernych of the Czech Republic 6-2, 6-4 Monday to reach the second round of the St. Petersburg Open.
Pitney Bowes always seems to mail it in -- and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
The music industry magazine will soon be publishing a list of best-selling ring tones, according to sources.
WASHINGTON -- The nation #39;s largest wireless phone company is created by the deal approved Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission.
The Israeli Supreme Court has demanded explanations from the army over the scale of the destruction of Palestinian homes in the Rafah region of the Gaza Strip, judicial sources said.
Reuters - The government named Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Rakesh Mohan as the country's new finance secretary, an official statement said on Tuesday.
Among the planned offerings: a hydrogen-based home-heating system and a tiny fuel cell built to power an MP3 player for 20 hours.
The US Federal Communications Commission said on Tuesday it has conditionally approved Cingular Wireless #39; \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
European Union antitrust regulators on Tuesday cleared Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
Human Genome Sciences Inc. on Tuesday posted a wider third-quarter loss, hurt by charges from consolidating locations and the retirement of its chairman and chief executive officer.
Nokia, a global leader in mobile devices has joined forces with mobile media publisher Starcut, to deliver premium content for mobile device consumers.
Captain Stephen Fleming set two national records on Tuesday as New Zealand took control on the first day of the second test against Bangladesh.
Thai security forces have begun large-scale detentions in the predominately-Muslim south of the country following a clash with demonstrators Monday that left more than 80 protesters dead.
Israeli troops withdrew from the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis on Tuesday morning, following a 30-hour operation that left 17 Palestinians dead.
Reuters - The pharmaceutical industry is\expected to face pressure to curb rising prescription-drug\costs no matter which candidate wins next week's U.S.\presidential election.
AP - Continuing job worries drove consumer confidence lower in October for the third consecutive month, a New York-based private research group said Tuesday. The decline was steeper than expected.
AP - An Iraqi insurgent group said on its Web site Tuesday it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage and showed pictures of them in uniform.
 BASEL (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer pulled out  of the Swiss Indoors tournament Tuesday with a thigh muscle  tear.
AP - Coach Inc. Tuesday said its net income leaped 60 percent in the latest quarter, as sales and operating margin both improved at the luxury handbag and accessories retailer.
Australian shareholders had two significant excuses for a protest vote as News Corporation sought to shift its domicile from Australia to Delaware.
A slight pullback in oil prices is giving stocks an early-session boost. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 21 points in today #39;s early going.
US consumers turned more gloomy in October, beset by soaring energy prices, relentless violence in Iraq and the increasingly bitter end of the presidential election campaign.
Virginia Tech plans to announce on Tuesday that its System X now operates at 12.25 teraflops, or 12 trillion calculations per second, up from 10.
Australia batsman Darren Lehmann sustained a hamstring tear on the first day of the third test against India on Tuesday which could sideline him for the rest of the match.
It #39;s not often that the Cincinnati Bengals get to flash their skills in front of a national audience. In fact, it had been 12 years since Cincinnati had appeared 
The US is playing down the significance of a UN letter saying almost 350 metric tons of high explosives went missing from an Iraqi base after the war.
Under the deal, the Federal Communications Commission will require Cingular to sell part of the combined company's operations in 22 markets.
Even as obesity and its consequences are increasingly taxing the health care system, fast food places are serving as hospital cafeterias.
Following a U.S. judge's lead, regulators eliminate final regulatory hurdle to Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
com October 26, 2004, 7:41 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Regal Entertainment Group, the largest movie theatre owner in the United States, said Tuesday that declining attendance drove down third-quarter profit and revenue year-over-year.
Nokia has unveiled a system for hosting, delivering and charging for entertainment and application content for mobile phones, called Preminet.
The last chance to see a total lunar eclipse for more than two years comes Wednesday evening for most residents of North America and Western Europe.
PC maker launches its first notebook with 17-inch display, more than two years after the first such laptop hit the market.
The co-pilot of American Airlines flight 587 caused the November 2001 crash that claimed the lives of 265 people, the staff of the nation's airline safety agency reported Tuesday.
The bodies of some of Mozart's relatives are exhumed for DNA testing to find out if a skull held in Salzburg is the composer's.
Israeli settlers gather outside parliament as it prepares to vote on a plan to move them out of the Gaza Strip.
The European Commission on Tuesday revised upwards its growth forecast for this year, but cut its prediction for 2005 GDP growth to 2.0 percent, in its regular autumn economic outlook report.
The US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Tuesday approved Cingular Wireless #39; 41-billion-US dollar acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
BRITISH telecoms group Cable and Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to internet service provider Softbank for 72.4 million (\$178.
The Recording Industry Association of America has reached a \$10 million legal settlement with a Spanish company that briefly offered MP3s online for just pennies a song.
THE tweaking of a temperamental hamstring could have ended Darren Lehmann #39;s Test career as he and Damien Martyn yesterday pushed Australia towards Indian glory.
World number one Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors tournament on Tuesday with a thigh muscle tear, organisers said. The Swiss is expected to be out for at least 10 days 
Hundreds of mourners filed into a church Tuesday to pay final respects to an Emerson College student killed by a pepper-spray pellet fired by police during raucous 
A weakened Yasser Arafat broke his Ramadan fast at the urging of doctors Tuesday and was undergoing more medical tests, aides said.
AP - DaimlerChrysler AG said Tuesday that it plans to transfer jobs from its automaking plant in Bremen, but said it was not a signal of layoffs to come.
The European Commission gives US software giant Oracle the green light for its takeover of US rival Peoplesoft.
Processor could steal spotlight from AMD, Intel's forthcoming dual-core chips.
The Parliament is scheduled to vote tonight on the plan of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to remove Israeli settlements.
Company will begin selling the Vision Smart Device PPC-6601, a combination cell phone and Pocket PC device with a slide-out keyboard.
Oracle Corp. won European Union approval for its hostile \$7.7 billion takeover offer for PeopleSoft Inc., removing the last regulatory hurdle to the bid.
The withdrawal will be particularly difficult especially for the nonfollowers of the Long-Jawed One, who had lorded it over the season just past.
Middlesbrough, England (Sports Network) - Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta will miss the rest of the season after injuring his knee Sunday against Portsmouth.
NEWS Corporation would continue to grow its publishing business in Australia following the company #39;s move to the US, chairman and chief executive Rupert Murdoch stressed yesterday.
Regal Entertainment Group, the country #39;s largest owner of movie theaters, Tuesday said its profit fell 37 percent in the third quarter, as box office receipts slipped.
World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina says she doesn #39;t remember what caused her to fall during a competition this weekend.
Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich Albion coach Gary Megson will not re-sign with the club when his contract runs out on June 30, 2005.
Inter Milan trainer Roberto Mancini is urging his side to keep the pressure on first place Juventus by continuing to turn their fine form into victories.
Middlesbrough midfielder Gaizka Mendieta will miss the Carling Cup third-round clash with Coventry and the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury.
According to a report in the Toronto Sun, Raptors #39; star Vince Carter will miss at least two exhibition games in order to settle a lawsuit.
GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, has appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival grand prix series in 2008.
Berti Vogts was handed a stay of execution when the Scottish Football Association insisted there would be no immediate decision on his future.
The bodies of some of Mozart's relatives are exhumed for DNA testing to find out if a skull held in Salzburg is the composer's.
No conditions were placed on the decision by European Union antitrust regulators, which came after a yearlong investigation and scrutiny in the United States.
Surface numbers disappoint, but that's as far as Wall Street looks.
AP - Rocker Bruce Springsteen is joining Sen. John Kerry in the final days of his bid to become the nation's boss.
Reuters - U.S. Trade Representative Robert\Zoellick will give up his post even if President Bush wins the
The tools, part of an upcoming Visual Studio update, is focused on making it easier to create customized Web applications.
The computer maker is expected to announce a deal to offer Novell's SuSE Linux factory-installed on new servers, CNET News.com has learned.\
The co-pilot of an airliner which crashed in New York in November 2001 made a fatal error, an inquiry finds.
The tools, part of an upcoming Visual Studio update, are focused on making it easier to create customized Web applications.
Microsoft on Tuesday is looking to extend visual modeling of applications in its Visual Studio 2005 platform, with an early release of technology to enable developers to author industry-specific modeling tools.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s global media conglomerate News Corp. took another step away from its Australian roots Tuesday when shareholders approved a measure to shift its main share listing to the New York Stock Exchange 
Johnson Controls Inc. on Tuesday said its fourth-quarter profit rose 25 percent, helped by a lower tax rate and decreased miscellaneous net expenses.
OCTOBER 26, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - A little over a year after introducing the first version of Office Live Communications Server, Microsoft Corp.
A lovely full eclipse of the moon is coming Wednesday night, and you might even be able to see it if clouds don #39;t get in the way.
Islamic groups in Pakistan are denouncing a new effort by President Pervez Musharraf to resolve the dispute over Kashmir, the BBC reported Tuesday.
When it comes to understanding the president's religious convictions, there appears to be a disconnect between Mr. Bush's personal beliefs and his public policy.
AFP - Prince Charles left Turkey after touring religious and historic sites in this ancient southeastern city on the last leg of a two-day, three-stop visit.
Lockheed's third-quarter earnings rose 41 percent behind higher sales of military transport planes and an increase in the company's IT business.
As expected, the European Commission announced Tuesday it has ruled that Oracle Corp. can proceed with its hostile acquisition attempt of PeopleSoft Inc.
AFP - Cingular Wireless Corp. announced it had completed a 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT and T Wireless after winning final clearance from US regulators.
AFP - The European Commission said it had approved unconditionally US business software firm Oracle's hostile takeover of rival PeopleSoft.
US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan is set to avoid criminal charges after it announces a wide-ranging reform of the way it does business.
US consumers turned gloomier in October, beset by soaring energy costs, relentless violence in Iraq, sluggish hiring and an increasingly bitter presidential campaign.
BERLIN : Germany and France both support inviting to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.
Johnson Controls Inc. reported a 24 increase in fiscal fourth quarter earnings today, with the Glendale-based company riding continued strong sales to auto makers.
A high-stakes test to determine if a robotic probe can automatically find a satellite and maneuver around it begins today off the California coast.
Russian military satellites will only be launched from the Plesetsk center, in the Arkhangelsk region, said Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov.
West Brom manager Gary Megson announced he will leave the struggling Premiership club at the end of the season when his contract expires.
Israeli businessman Azam Azam was released Sunday in exchange for six Egyptian students in a new prisoner exchange agreement with Egypt.
This is a great operation with virtually no competition. Don't let this one slip by.
WAIT a minute! Just because the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees does not mean the  quot;Curse of the Bambino quot; has ended.
Controversial Islamic cleric Abu Hamza will appear at the Old Bailey today charged with a string of offences including soliciting murder.
AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell has angered Taiwanese officials and lawmakers by making unusually strong comments denying that the island is an independent nation and suggesting Taiwan should unify with China.
WASHINGTON (AFX) - Consumer confidence in the United States softened for the third straight month in October, the Conference Board said Tuesday.
NASA released one of the best pictures ever made of Saturn #39;s moon Titan as the Cassini spacecraft begins a close-up inspection of the satellite today.
Sudanese rebels insisted on Tuesday that the government disarm its militias in Darfur before they would sign a deal to bring aid to 1.5 million civilians displaced by violence.
Pakistan's National Assembly brings in the death penalty for extreme cases of so-called honour killings.
Celera Genomics Group, a segment of Applera Corp., on Tuesday said its first-quarter loss widened by 25 percent on lower revenue.
TORONTO (CP) - Centerra Gold Inc. reported a sharp increase in quarterly profits compared with a year ago, helped by increased gold sales and better prices.
AT amp;T Corp., the largest US long- distance telephone company, agreed to pay \$100 million to settle lawsuit by shareholders who sought \$2.
HOUSTON A flu-like virus has again prompted a delay in the fraud and conspiracy trial of four former Merrill Lynch officials and two former Enron executives.
BOSTON Ex-Yankees Jeff Nelson and Karim Garcia will have assault charges against them dropped from the bullpen brawl in last year #39;s American League Championship Series.
Clamshell-style WCDMA phone packs a browser, e-mail software, and two cameras.
India's Sourav Ganguly may miss the final Test against Australia with a thigh injury.
Computer maker evolves from its "Jurassic" era with a Linux-based machine. NASA gives it a thumbs-up.
Broadband wireless carrier Clearwire and Intel Corp. said they will join forces to develop and deploy WiMAX wireless broadband networks.
Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry is designed to deliver full application functionality, including alerts on hot sales leads, prescriptive analytics, and remote security.
WELCOME, North Carolina (Ticker) - Robby Gordon #39;s 2004 season will be his last as a NASCAR Nextel Cup driver for Richard Childress Racing.
PC World - Clamshell-style WCDMA phone packs a browser, e-mail software, and two cameras.
AP - Just in time for Halloween comes a new version of the 1960s hit "Monster Mash"  #151; this time an Internet critique of the Bush administration's environmental policies.
The Spaniard has been ruled out for the remainder of the season with a knee ligament injury, which he picked up in the 1-1 draw with Portsmouth on Sunday.
At least nine people die in Pakistan's South Waziristan region after a shell hits a vehicle, the army says.
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said today that "major neglect" by some of the American-led forces in Iraq led to the execution of 49 Iraqi National Guard trainees.
AP - Theron Smith scored 16 points Wednesday to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to their second win of the preseason, an 82-74 victory over the Miami Heat.
With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others are jostling for bragging rights. Also: A speedy Mac system gets speedier.
AP - No longer neglected, Ohio may determine the next president.
Spyware is rife and virus infection commonplace yet many home users reckon they are safe from online threats.\
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., a provider of software maintenance services, said Tuesday that third-quarter profit rose 63 percent as sales jumped 58 percent.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission voted 3-2 on Tuesday to adopt a rule that for the first time will require hedge fund advisers to register with the agency and submit to SEC examinations.
Crude oil futures were little changed Tuesday as oil workers in Norway said they will end their four-month strike after the government ordered them back on the job.
Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal Monday by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online.
COLUMBIA, Mo. - Missouri coach Gary Pinkel announced Monday that he has indefinitely suspended starting running back Damien Nash for violating team rules.
The EU said yesterday it would end sanctions on US imports in about two months, following the repeal by the US of an illegal export subsidy, and warned the US not to extend 
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - A narrow majority of Securities and Exchange Commission members voted Tuesday to require hedge funds to share more information with the agency.
WINDSOR, ONT. - A pickup truck loaded with propane tanks and gasoline cans smashed into the Children #39;s Aid Society building in Windsor, Ont.
Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. said Tuesday that Sirius radio will be available as a factory-installed option in the 2006 BMW 3 Series beginning next summer.
The full moon #39;s face may glow like an orangish-red Halloween pumpkin during an 81-minute total lunar eclipse Wednesday evening.
Pakistan indicated that it was willing to go beyond UN resolutions and take  quot;all risks quot; but wanted India to show flexibility.
Not too long ago, a coach who was 2-0 against the Georgia Bulldogs would have been able to eat for free at any restaurant in Gainesville, Fla.
Fleeting childhood moments can have profound financial consequences.
AP - The next time the PGA Tour trots out its "These Guys Are Good" campaign, it doesn't need to show any spectacular shots, just a bunch of unfamiliar faces.
AP - Earthlings are about to be treated to a total lunar eclipse, just in time for Halloween.
AP - Vince Carter will miss the Toronto Raptors' next two preseason games while he fights a lawsuit from a former agent.
Novell's SuSE software joins Red Hat as server option. Also: Is AMD in Dell's future?
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to provide Vodafone Group PLC with its entire line of hardware, software and services for its wireless phone network.
PASADENA, Calif. - The theory that Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan has oceans or seas of liquid methane and ethane faced its best test yet Tuesday.
If you think the country is divided and rancorous about the presidential contest, try polling a few experts about the accuracy and security of electronic voting.
The Atlanta Motor Speedway will pay tribute this weekend to the victims of a plane crash that killed members of a prominent racing family.
Buddy Bell knew the question was coming. To his credit, he had an answer ready for the media -- a good one. Bell interviewed for the Phillies vacant managerial position Monday.
The electronics maker begins sales of wireless television set as it emphasizes advances in the boob tube.
A roadside bomb has killed 11 people, including nine Indian soldiers, in the Indian-ruled portion of Kashmir, in one of the deadliest attacks there in recent months.
AP - A federal judge Tuesday left it up to the voters to decide on Election Day whether to change the way Colorado distributes its electoral votes for president.
The European Commission today cleared the way for Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile takeover of PeopleSoft Inc. removing one of the deal #39;s few remaining hurdles.
Microsoft will release the next version of its instant messaging and presence server, Office Live Communications Server, in December.
A World Series that has already produced some odd sights could produce more on Tuesday when Game Three of the Fall Classic between the Boston Red Sox and St.
Gary Megson has been sacked as the manager of West Bromwich Albion after contract talks stalled and he said that he would leave the club next summer.
Paula Radcliffe is confident she can overcome the mental scars left from her devastating Olympic performances when she makes her return to competitive racing in less than a fortnight #39;s time.
DuPont has its third consecutive quarter of higher revenue and earnings.
Can the mutual fund firm do well in a bad environment for financial services?
On Wednesday, the full moon will pass through the Earths shadow, causing a lunar eclipse to be visible throughout the United States.
Olympic-scarred British runner Paula Radcliffe has announced plans to run in the New York Marathon, The Telegraph said Tuesday. The world record holder made the decision to race in New York Nov.
AFP - Egyptian state security prosecutors released four members of the banned but normally tolerated Muslim Brotherhood and extended the custody of 52 others, legal sources said.
AP - XM Satellite Radio said Tuesday it will sell a portable satellite radio with a built-in antenna that can record up to five hours of programming.
The European Commission approved US software company Oracle #39;s 7.7 billion-dollar takeover bid for its American rival in the business software market Peoplesoft on Tuesday.
MANCHESTER, UK - As reported by This is London:  quot;Manchester United has revived plans to build a casino next to its Old Trafford ground.
New cards provide more memory for cameras, cell phones and other consumer devices.\
NewsFactor - Virginia Tech announced that its Apple-based System X supercomputer has been rebuilt for speed and now operates at 12.25 teraflops.
Washington Post staff writer Dan Keating discusses electronic voting with washingtonpost.com tech policy editor Robert MacMillan. He'll also take your questions.
eBay Style director Constance White joins Post fashion editor Robin Givhan and host Janet Bennett to discuss  how to find trends and bargains and pull together a wardrobe online.
XM Satellite Radio goes after subscribers in their cars, and in their homes, and now it #39;s targeting folks in the gym or just about anywhere.
Red Hat is warning all customers about an email scam which claims to be a Red Hat security update, when in fact its malicious software.
AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to put independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader on the ballot in the battleground state of Ohio.
AP - Paul Azinger and Nick Faldo are linked by a dynamic Ryder Cup match in which neither player wanted to lose, even after they had nothing to gain.
Mac maker unveils color screen version of popular iPod music player, in addition to special-edition version in partnership with the rock band U2.
The European Commission on Tuesday approved Oracle Corp. #39;s (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$7.7 billion hostile takeover 
WASHINGTON-The Federal Communications Commission today conditionally approved the \$41 billion merger of Cingular Wireless LLC and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Seven years ago, after Lakshmi Mittal took his fledgling steel group public, he was asked how he could compete in a global industry undergoing huge upheavals.
Crude oil futures rose amid speculation that US inventories of heating oil, diesel and gasoline will continue to fall as demand exceeds refinery output.
The economy is growing and the war in Iraq is unlikely to short-circuit the recovery, Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., the vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board said Tuesday.
The iPod Photo carries an entire music and photo library, with a maximum capacity of 60GB. The device holds up to 25,000 digital photos as well as the music library.
A Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University supercomputer running processors for Apple Inc. Mac computers now operates at 12.
(CBS) Nearly one third of voters (as many as 45 million people) are expected to cast their ballots electronically in next week #39;s presidential election.
Hard-serving Swede Joachim Johansson thumped Chilean Adrian Garcia 6-4 6-2 to reach the second round of the 650,000 euros Stockholm Open tennis tournament on Tuesday.
Elizabeth Taylor was involved in better marriages than this. And now, to the delight of most everyone in the Gator Nation, Zook is out, a sad, tragic victim of success.
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said that "major negligence" by some military forces in Iraq led to the deaths of 49 Iraqi trainees.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$55 a barrel on  Tuesday as concern lingered over thin world heating oil  supplies ahead of the northern winter.
As a kid, Federer was a ball boy at this tournament, which he #39;s never won. man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in a season.
Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle #39;s defense, slowed by injuries, didn #39;t look so vulnerable through the first three weeks.
AP - Matt Hasselbeck never performed like this last season. Seattle's defense, slowed by injuries, didn't look so vulnerable through the first three weeks.
Plus: Forbes says Microsoft is A-Rod; Google is Pujols.
Wireless networking equipment makers are starting to roll out IPv6-ready gear to meet demand for the new protocol in Asia.
The PC maker is eyeing in-home services to go with its new consumer electronics line.
A witness testified in a Delaware courtroom Tuesday that the compensation package given to former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz was unreasonable, Reuters reports.
Broadcom Corp. on Tuesday announced that Scott McGregor, chief of Philips #39; chip division, will become its new president and CEO.
Apple Computer Inc. rolled out on Tuesday a new iPod that allows users to view and share photos, a dramatic expansion that takes the popular digital music player into the multimedia 
The Canadian government is not doing enough to protect the environment because of a lack of leadership and political will, a senior official said in a scathing report released on Tuesday.
Australia will consider sending Darren Lehmann home after he hobbled off the VCA Ground with a torn hamstring and uncertain future.
Cingular Wireless (Profile, Products, Articles) LLC announced Tuesday that it completed a \$41 billion acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
KB Toys Inc. on Tuesday said that it will close between 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005 -- including possibly three in San Antonio.
Electronic Data Systems offered voluntary early retirement to about 9,200 US employees who are at least 50 years old, the world #39;s second-largest technology services provider said Tuesday.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf #39;s proposals were made Monday during an address in Islamabad. He said options include giving Kashmir independent status, putting the region under joint 
Myanmar #39;s top military general Than Shwe on Monday assured Indian leadership that his country would not allow its territory to be used by anti-India insurgents groups.
Chandigarh, Oct. 25 (PTI): The Reserve Bank of India today rubbished reports that 25 and 50 paisa coins have been withdrawn from circulation.
Microsoft also narrowed its patent applications for the underlying technology in an effort to appease open-source critics. By TechWeb.
Sky gazers across the country will be treated to an awe-inspiring sight Wednesday evening as the full moon slips into the earth #39;s shadow.
A student was killed last week as police tried to curb unruly celebrations. Would a World Series win turn violent? By Sara B. Miller  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Bayern Munich reined in Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg on Tuesday with a 2-0 victory, courtesy of a double strike from Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro in his first match in a month.
Theron Smith scored 16 points Tuesday to lead the Charlotte Bobcats to their second win of the preseason, an 82-74 victory over the Miami Heat.
Pittsfield, Mass.-based toy retailer KB Toys Inc., announced today it will close 141 to 238 under-performing stores by Jan. 31, 2005.
Claudio Pizarro scored both goals as Bayern Munich defeated Bundesliga leaders VfL Wolfsburg 2-0 and moved within one point of the top on Tuesday night.
LONDON MENL -- The International Atomic Energy Agency has reported that several hundred tons of conventional explosives have gone missing from an Iraqi military facility.
An Iraqi militant group said it had abducted 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard and posted their pictures on its Web site on Tuesday, three days after 49 unarmed army recruits were found dead.
AP - Tailback Lydell Ross is back with Ohio State but it is unclear whether he will play Saturday against Penn State.
Five suspects were arrested this week in the Oct. 7 bombing of the Taba Hilton. Two remain at large.
The European Parliament challenges conservative appointee Rocco Buttiglione.
Apple's Frank Cassanova will talk about QuickTime's stealth infiltration of cell phone networks, but not about a rumored wireless iPod.
Apple's music player now has a color screen--and shows photos. Also: U2 edition comes in basic black.
TORONTO (CP) - A pickup in the US insurance sector sent stock markets higher Tuesday afternoon however continued volatility in oil prices kept many investors from making large bets.
PASADENA, Calif. - The US-European spacecraft Cassini hurtled Tuesday toward its closest encounter yet with Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan.
Yahoo! and Adobe announced an agreement that will make HTML and PDF seem a more similar browsing experience. In the process, it should drive more traffic to Yahoo!
Canada is falling behind as an environmental leader because of lack of government leadership, Canada #39;s environment commissioner said Tuesday in an annual report.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Grand Prairie, TX (Sports Network) - Former Horse of the Year Azeri will run against the boys Saturday in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic.
Pizza was off the menu at Gresty Road so Manchester United tucked into the Crewe defence instead as they breezed through their Carling Cup encounter with a 3-0 win.
After five double-digit victories in which they never trailed in the second half, the Eagles needed overtime to beat the Cleveland Browns 34-31 on Sunday.
AP - The shares of e-commerce comparison site Shopping.com Ltd. surged 60 percent in their stock market debut Tuesday amid signs investors may have renewed affection for Internet companies.
AP - Voters can be forgiven for assuming the courts may once again settle the presidential election.
SPACE.com - Newly discovered galactic highways cut across the Milky Way at odd angles, bringing stars through the neighborhood of our solar system.
AP - Michigan State coach John L. Smith sat in his office last week contemplating football  #151; and life.
Online letter jackets. Choose your colors and options. Then let us custom letter your jacket, making it the proud reminder of awards your hard work deserved.
Toy retailer KB Toys Inc. will close 141 to 238 underperforming stores by Jan. 31, 2005, possibly including its store in Citrus Heights.
PM-designate Omar Karameh forms a new 30-member cabinet which includes women for the first time.
With two reputations on the linehis teams and his ownChad got the best of Champ and turned the Bengals into a prime-time success.
: Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi today said major neglect by US-led forces led to the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this weekend.
The new Xandros Desktop Management Server software gives IT administrators the tools needed to roll out, configure and maintain mass deployments of Linux-equipped PCs.
Microsoft Corp. is continuing its push into the enterprise-level development market with a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System.
Web surfers in London, Paris, Oslo and Taipei encountered a "403 Forbidden" access-denied error page when they tried to contact Bush's Web site.
The European Commission concluded that there's insufficient evidence that the takeover would cause competitive harm in the business software sector.
Microsoft plans to sell two different versions of the new Live Communications Server with the 2005 version release: a Standard Edition and an Enterprise Edition designed for large corporations.
Intel is working on a device management technology that could allow IT departments to use existing management software to bring a slew of wireless devices under the IT department umbrella.
The Electronic Data Systems contract to manage the U.S. Navy/Marine Corps Intranet has been plagued by problems and earlier this year prompted an inquiry from the SEC.
AP - Jim Fregosi fell two wins short of leading the Philadelphia Phillies to a World Series championship 11 years ago.
AP - That was no mirage, it was the supposedly unbeatable Champ Bailey getting beaten  #151; again and again and again.
US stocks surged on Tuesday, as battered insurers rose on confidence a probe of the industry would end quickly, helping blue chips snap a 5-day streak of losses.
People gazing at the night sky from North and South America to Europe and western Africa will be able to see a total lunar eclipse - if the local weather cooperates.
The new junior member of the Hummer family, dubbed H3, is seen as critical to the survival of a brand that has been treading water this year.
AP - Dick Vermeil would prefer not to hear the "R" word  #151; you know, "revenge"  #151; tossed around Arrowhead Stadium this week.
As expected, Apple has teamed with U2 to create a customized iPod pre-loaded with every one of the Irish rock act #39;s studio albums.
AP - Former baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn had open-heart surgery this week.
Jerry Bailey greeted the shift of the champion mare Azeri to the \$4 million Breeders #39; Cup Classic as a double shot of good news.
Here #39;s an obvious word of advice to Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley as he kicks off another search for the Gators football coach: Get Steve Spurrier on board.
Lexmark suffers a setback in its fight to keep third-party ink cartridges off store shelves.
AP - Having all but lost the political battle, Jewish settlers said Tuesday they are still confident they can block an Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip with faith and defiance.
AP - Tommy Tuberville would be shocked if a Southeastern Conference team went undefeated, won the league title game and failed to get a shot at the national title.
NEW YORK - A federal appeals court on Tuesday struck a blow against Lexmark International Inc.'s attempt to protect its share of the lucrative market for refill printer cartridges.
The notebook comes with a 17-inch screen, the company's first at that size.
Baseball fans wanting to take their minds off a playoff not involving the Yankees can still find an October classic in the sky. The last total lunar eclipse in North America until March 2007 
Aston Villa lost 3-1 to second division Burnley in the League Cup third round on Tuesday as the top Premier League clubs made their first appearance in this season #39;s competition.
Ask the Pittsburgh Steelers about the New England Patriots #39; NFL record 21-game winning streak, and it #39;s likely they will turn the question around.
ONLY two days after returning from a six-month space expedition, US astronaut Michael Fincke said that he was ready to return to orbit with his Russian colleagues.
IBM today introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.
Dell #39;s Inspiron 1000 is their latest budget oriented notebook that can provide an excellent value for those willing to shop Dell #39;s site for offers.
AP - The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn't get the same reception in the locker room.
The company teams up with Sun Microsystems to bring its e-mail application to Java-enabled cell phones.
Questar Corp. on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit rose 29 percent on oil and gas production and gas gathering, and increased its full-year outlook.
According to preliminary data, the December futures contract closed 63 cents higher at \$55.17, matching the previous record high, in regular floor trading on the Nymex.
THE Israeli parliament approved last night the controversial plan of Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister, to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip and four isolated settlements in the West Bank.
PAKISTAN has said for the first time that it is willing to pursue a negotiated settlement over the disputed territory of Kashmir, calling for independence or joint sovereignty with India.
When available, the raw script from this video story is presented below. Please note that these scripts come directly from our TV newsroom system and are not edited for web reading.
AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court.
Defendant says powerhouse printer firm is invoking Digital Millennium Copyright Act to force consumers to buy its cartridges.
SOARING global energy demand will leave the West increasingly in thrall to the Middle East, the worlds energy watchdog said yesterday.
David O #39;Leary said Aston Villa #39;s performance in their Carling Cup exit to Burnley was the worst he had overseen as manager.
While investigators look for clues in regards to Sundays fatal plane crash, NASCAR fans and Hendrick Motorsports personnel are trying to get back to normalcy.
IRAQ #39;S interim Prime Minister yesterday delivered another blow to President Bush just a week before the US election when he blamed American-led forces for 
: Crude oil futures fell today as workers in Norway conceded to Government demands to end a strike that could have threatened exports from the world #39;s third-largest supplier.
Seattle-based F5 Networks Inc. said net profit in its fiscal fourth quarter was \$15.8 million, or 43 per diluted share, compared with \$1.
Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence in the United States to a seven-month low in October, its third consecutive monthly decline.
IBM said that it saw 997 Internet attacks in September directed at networks that the company monitors, a 27 percent increase from July and August.
Microsoft released on Tuesday a preview version of new tools intended to make it easier for companies to create custom Web applications.
Peruvian forward Claudio Pizarro returned after a three-game injury absence with two goals Tuesday to lead Bayern Munich to a 2-0 win over Bundesliga leader VfL Wolfsburg.
Gary Megson was dismissed as West Bromwich Albion manager on Tuesday, just hours after saying he would quit at the end of the season, Britain #39;s Press Association reported.
NEW YORK -- Paula Radcliffe decided there was only one way to get over the heartbreak of twin failures at the Athens Olympics: race again.
Scientists are getting to the root of the matter, compiling a fungus "tree of life" that could have health benefits for humans.
Silicon Graphics plans to announce a new Linux computer Nov. 1, a machine that uses Intel's newest Itanium 2.
Cardinal Health Inc. reported higher earnings for its June quarter Tuesday, beating Wall Street Estimates. The company also said the Securities and Exchange Commission subpoenaed documents 
Second-year running back Quentin Griffin, who began the season in the Denver Broncos #39; starting lineup, will finish it on injured reserve.
New York's Fifth Avenue is the world's most expensive shopping street in terms of rent followed by the Champs Elysees in Paris, a retail report finds.
Presidential candidate's position paper calls for expanding a federal program to help tech workers hurt by offshore outsourcing.
Traction Software this week rolled out Traction TeamPage and Communicator 3.5,  an updated version of the company's enterprise Weblog software.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) released a Community Technology Preview of the framework and software development kit for building custom visual designers based on the modeling technology in Visual Studio 2005.
Nokia has launched a program called Preminet, which is designed to help telephony operators distribute pay-per-use mobile content and applications to mobile phone users.
US consumer confidence hits a seven month low ahead of next week's presidential election.
AP - The wife of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre was diagnosed with breast cancer, yet more bad news in a year full of heartache for the family.
NASA unveils its newest supercomputer today during a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the agency #39;s Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, Calif.
Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have arthroscopic surgery to repair a cartilage tear in his right hip Wednesday morning and will miss the start of the regular season.
Israeli lawmakers approve first dismantling of Jewish settlements, but plan continues to face fierce resistance. By Ben Lynfield  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
Amnesty International urges Thailand to investigate, after 84 Muslims die in protests in the south of the country.
A report predicts one third of all hard drives will be in consumer electronics devices by 2008.
High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.
Investor's Business Daily - Oracle   Chief Executive Larry Ellison might well raise his offer of  #36;21 per share to buy business software rival PeopleSoft  , they say.
AP - The Oakland Athletics hired Rene Lachemann on Tuesday as their bench coach for next season, replacing Chris Speier.
Microsoft, IBM and Borland are upgrading their software and offering users new workflow features, support for multiple languages and tools to manage the lifecycle of in-house applications.
LONDON: GPWC Holdings, which groups the major Formula One carmakers, have appointed consultants to prepare the ground for the introduction of a rival Grand Prix series in 2008.
MLS and D.C. United are preparing to offer all-star Ryan Nelsen a contract that would make him one of the league's highest-paid defenders.
New 76ers Coach Jim O'Brien benches Glenn Robinson and Samuel Delembert to complete an overhaul of the starting five that also sees Allen Iverson at point guard.
Softbank Corp. said Tuesday it will acquire Cable  amp; Wireless IDC Inc., a Japanese unit of British telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless PLC, for 12.
Apple Computer Inc., maker of the 50 percent market shareholder iPod music player, has announced a special edition U2 iPod for music fans.
Stephen Fleming hit an unbeaten 137 against Bangladesh on day one of the second Test to become New Zealand #39;s highest run-scorer in Test cricket.
Former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz defended his tenure in the job, testifying that efforts to improve and expand the No.
Live Communications Server 2005, Microsoft #39;s second-generation real-time communications server, is released to manufacturing and will be generally available on Dec. 1, the company said Tuesday.
In 2002, owner Michael Paulson was desirous of running Azeri in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic, but trainer Laura de Seroux talked him out of it.
AP - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster will have hip surgery Wednesday and is expected to miss four to six weeks, further depleting the team's front court.
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks made a new contract offer to slugger Richie Sexson on Tuesday, and planned interviews with two of the three finalists to become the team's manager.
The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
AP - The mitten crab may not strike terror into the hearts of the average American along the West Coast  #151; yet.
Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
Steve Jobs, chief executive of Apple, today unveiled a new iPod music player model that that is able to display digital photographs on a screen.
New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin stressed how important preparation is during a bye week. Well, it would seem that after this Sunday #39;s 28-13 home 
The United States is seeking a full investigation into the death of 78 Thai Muslims in military custody after violent protests in the south of the country.
AP - Kevin Millar was the odd man out of Boston's starting lineup in Game 3 of the World Series against the Cardinals on Tuesday night.
Canadian Press - VICTORIA (CP) - The first increases in B.C. child-care subsidies in a decade were announced Tuesday.
ATA Airlines Inc., the 10th-largest airline in the United States, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday - the latest US carrier brought low by rising fuel costs and fare wars.
Apple Computer has broadened its line of popular iPods by introducing an edition of the product dedicated to the Irish rock band U2 and a separate iPod combining music and photos.
Microsoft says it has revised its proposal to weed out spam email to win over sceptical internet engineers who have been reluctant to adopt technology owned by the dominant software company.
NTSB and Rescue personnel work at the crash site of the Hendrick Motorsport plane on bull Mountain in Patrick Springs, Va., Monday, Oct. 24, 2004.
PC World - Company's ND-3500A drive is not just for OEMs anymore.
PC World - Cingular becomes the nation's largest wireless carrier.
AirTran Airways is moving to dramatically expand flights in Chicago by buying \$87.5 million worth of gate leases and landing rights from ATA Airlines.
Boston Red Sox Lead St. Louis Cardinals 1-0 After One Inning of Play in Game 3 of World Series. Rodney Williams of High Ridge, Mo.
The German has been a lame duck since the 1-1 draw in Moldova 13 days ago, which meant that qualification for the World Cup finals in two years #39; time was unlikely.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi surveyed the earthquake damage in northern Japan on Tuesday, meeting people camped out in a high-school gymnasium after the nation #39;s 
AP - Retiring Seattle Mariners designated hitter Edgar Martinez won the Roberto Clemente Award for excellence on the field and in the community.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged higher against the euro  on Wednesday as a downbeat outlook for European growth spurred  traders to buy back the currency after heavy falls.
Cats can suffer from stress-related illness like humans, a new study by animal experts suggests.
AP - A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit a quake-ravaged area of northern Japan on Wednesday, officials said. No injuries or damage were immediately reported.
Plus: Experts fear Check 21 could lead to massive bank fraud.
India News: Srinagar, Dec 5 : Three separatist guerrillas were killed after a night-long gun battle with Indian soldiers in Jammu and Kashmir, police said Sunday.
US computer company Apple Computer Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its latest version of the popular digital music player iPod, which enables users to store and share photos.
Its sad to think that NASCAR has gotten so good at this. Weve watched their response to tragedy too many times not to recognize the seriousness of a situation.
The Denver Broncos have lost tailback-turned-kickoff returner Quentin Griffin for the season, ESPN reported Tuesday, citing no sources.
San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds was selected The Sporting News #39; 2004 baseball player of the year after a season in which he hit .
A strong earthquake tremor has shaken northern Japan days after several quakes killed at least 31 people.
The way cancer services are provided is a shambles and must be drastically reformed, a report by MPs says.
Carbon dioxide emissions will be almost 40 higher by the end of the decade than they were in 1990 despite growing use of renewable energy, the International Energy Agency said yesterday.
WPP, the world #39;s second largest advertising company, warned of an uncertain 2005 yesterday as it disclosed that its third-quarter revenues were better than analysts had expected.
British American Tobacco, the firm behind the Lucky Strike and Dunhill brands, sold 6 more cigarettes in the first nine months of the year and saw profits rise 20 to 1.
AFP - Australia's government has admitted for the first time that its decision to participate in the Iraq conflict may have increased the terrorist threat to Australian interests.
Apple Computer introduced on Tuesday its next generation iPod music player, which has the ability to display digital images as well as play songs.
A total eclipse of the Moon will occur overnight Wednesday, an event that can turn Earths satellite to a colourful shade ranging from deep red to dark brown and sometimes an existential grey.
Paula Radcliffe yesterday announced that she would make a surprise, high-profile return to racing in the New York City Marathon on Sunday week.
Maryland will be without leading wide receiver Derrick Fenner when it takes on No. 5 Florida State on Saturday at Byrd Stadium.
Azeri will try to beat the boys again, this time in the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic at Lone Star Park on Saturday.
A Washington-based research company will move part of its operations to a new facility being planned in Rosslyn, creating 2,500 new jobs, Gov.
The European Commission raised its estimate for euro zone growth this year to 2.1 percent from the 1.7 percent forecasts last spring due to surging external demand.
LYNDON, Vt. The state Agency of Transportation is appealing a Lyndon Planning Board decision that requires pilots to activate a rotating beacon at the state airport.
The wife of Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre has been diagnosed with breast cancer, according to The Biloxi (Miss.) Sun Herald.
In his first month of retirement, Edgar Martinez today will be where he was unable to go in 17 years as a player - the World Series.
The level of sophistication it took to slaughter 48 newly trained Iraqi soldiers signals a new level of coordination among insurgents in Iraq.
Zimbabwe immigration officers seized 13 members of a South African trade union delegation on Tuesday as they met with their Zimbabwean counterparts in Harare, then 
Supporters and detractors of a plan to bring baseball to the District are lining up to make their case before the D.C. Council.
The Washington Redskins weren #39;t splintered by a four-game losing streak in which the offense sputtered while the defense flourished.
Steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal announced plans Monday to take over US steelmaker International Steel Group as part of a three-way merger to create a global metals mammoth.
ONE of natures greatest spectacles will be visible in the small hours of tomorrow morning - weather permitting - as the Moon passes into the Earths shadow, causing a total lunar eclipse.
The top cosmonaut of Russias space defense troops lieutenant colonel Yuri Shargin has proposed sending politicians to space to discipline them.
The Red Sox have made an astounding eight errors in the first two games of the World Series, so naturally, they plan to downgrade their defense for Game 3 tonight.
Formular One tycoon Bernie Ecclestone is facing strong challenge as leading carmakers are seeking to start their own World Grand Prix racing series by 2008.
The Mets may reach back into one of their most successful eras in their manager search. Wally Backman, the sparkplug second baseman on the 1986 championship team 
Retiring Seattle Mariners designated hitter Edgar Martinez won the Roberto Clemente Award for excellence on the field and in the community.
Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.
AP - The Bush administration is trying to stifle scientific evidence of the dangers of global warming in an effort to keep the public uninformed, a NASA scientist said Tuesday night.
Asian stocks bounced in early trade on Wednesday after the strongest rally in the Dow Jones index since June, but gains were trimmed after an earthquake jolted northern Japan and chip-related stocks slumped.
Russian President Vladimir Putin made an unprecedented television appearance in neighboring Ukraine days before presidential elections, endorsing the record of the prime minister, one of two top candidates.
AP - Eagles running back Brian Westbrook has a broken rib and could miss up to two games, an NFL source said Tuesday night.
Pedro Martinez keeps the Cardinals down over seven innings as the Red Sox win, 4-1, in Game 4 to take a 3-0 lead in the World Series.
Peru striker Claudio Pizarro scored twice in the first half as Bayern Munich beat Bundesliga leader Wolfsburg 2-0 yesterday to move within a point.
Nextel Cup Series driver Jimmy Spencer and his son were arrested Sunday night at he driver #39;s home in Cornelius, NC, according to a report in the Charlotte Observer.
AFP - India and France will discuss a range of bilateral and global issues during this week's visit by French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier, a foreign ministry spokesman said Tuesday.
The Cassini spacecraft cruised on Tuesday to within 745 miles of Titan, Saturn #39;s planet-size moon, for the first close encounter with it.
President Bush arrives off of Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House after a day of campaigning, Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, in Washington.
Many people do extensive product research online but end up buying from brick and mortar retailers.  How can you track the effectiveness of search marketing campaigns that result in offline purchases? 
With help of longtime partner, German software maker dips toe in market it had downplayed.
ANZ reported a record rise in post tax operating profit today, announcing a 20 per cent jump to \$2.8 billion for the year ending September 2004.
Lockheed Martin Corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday proposed changes to decades-old rules that would allow companies planning new stock offerings to share far more information with investors about the state of their businesses.
NASA postponed for at least two days the launch of its robotic satellite-chasing spacecraft because the target satellite temporarily lost reception of a key navigational signal, the agency said yesterday.
The tired old refrain of the sporting times has become: Is nothing sacred? Well, apparently not the Ohio State-Michigan football game.
Reuters - Oil prices held firm above  #36;55 a\barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the\northern winter with thin heating oil supplies.
ATA Airlines parent ATA Holdings Corp. filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy law late Tuesday, and two other airlines immediately showed interest in ATA assets.
The Democratic presidential nominee accused the president on Tuesday of hiding embarrassments in Iraq, and Bush chastised Kerry for grasping at passing headlines instead of building a coherent proposal.
An Iraqi insurgent group said on a Web site it had taken 11 Iraqi National Guard soldiers hostage.
A former U.S.-trained Colombian army officer who later joined an outlawed paramilitary group was killed in a clash with army troops Tuesday, the army said.
Washington - US consumers #39; confidence skidded for a third consecutive month in October as they fretted over jobs, a Conference Board survey showed yesterday.
AP - Tony La Russa grimaced, then pulled the bill of his cap down low.
AP - If campaign ads are any indication, Joel Trella is Sheriff Moonbeam, entranced with how the planets are aligned while inmates slip out of his county jail.
Cuba and the US trade bitter words after Cuba announced it was banning the use of dollars on the island.
Many of the region's outer suburbs are adding jobs faster than most other large counties in the nation, Labor Department data says.
 Lockheed Martin Corp. yesterday reported a 41 percent increase in profit during its third quarter as fighter jet and information technology demand continued to drive growth.
An Amnesty International report criticises the US over its treatment of prisoners during the war on terror.
A: Combining the two companies #39; networks should result in clearer calls, fewer dropped calls during peak hours and broader availability of coverage.
Patients with degenerative disc disease in their spines may have an alternative to getting their vertebrae fused, which alleviates pain but limits motion.
The Bush administration is trying to stifle scientific evidence of the dangers of global warming in an effort to keep the public uninformed, a NASA scientist said Tuesday night.
Steve Jobs, Bono and the Edge Tuesday ushered in what Apple #39;s CEO and the two members of U2 called a new era of digital music.
Tim Henman will begin his bid to win the Davidoff Swiss Indoors for the third time when he takes on Antony Dupuis of France in Basle today.
The Big Game has a new name and a fat contract to go with it. And corporate America has tarnished another great college football tradition.
AP - Foreign Minister Alexander Downer conceded Wednesday that the Iraq conflict may have increased the threat of Australians becoming a terror target, supporting a claim by the country's top spy.
The United States onTuesday welcomed the approval by the Israeli parliament of a plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank, while tens of 
With money pouring out of its jet engine exhausts, Delta Air Lines secured one union agreement, and worked toward another, which might yet allow the third largest airline delay or avoid bankruptcy.
Allied Waste Industries Inc. on Tuesday reported a mixed profit picture amid sluggish revenues. On the same day, its former chairman and chief executive officer severed ties to the company.
Full Story - Several key factors must be correct for a total lunar eclipse. First, we need a full moon. In October, the full moon occurs on the 27/28th.
The White House praised the Israeli parliament #39;s approval of removing settlements from Gaza and part of the West Bank as a step forward in peacemaking with the Palestinians.
The last antitrust obstacle to Oracle #39;s takeover bid has been cleared. Now, one way or another, investors want this soap opera to end.
This movie taken by the Cassini spacecraft shows the surface and atmosphere of Saturn #39;s moon Titan over a range of infrared wavelengths, from .
One of the most anticipated games of the year Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, is now available for the PlayStation 2. Those of us who have played Grand Theft Auto 3 and Grand 
World number one Roger Federer pulled out of the Swiss Indoors tournament on Tuesday with a thigh muscle tear, organizers said. The Swiss is expected to be out for at least 
Florida coach Ron Zook was not fired on Monday without a fight. Several Gator players said the team was confrontational when UF athletic director Jeremy Foley told the team before 
Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra has expressed regret at the deaths in army custody of almost 80 Muslims as distraught relatives sought the bodies 
RAWALPINDI : President General Pervez Musharraf has called for identifying the regions, demilitarize them and change their status before a possible resolution of Kashmir issue.
A Japanese mother and children survive for four days under a landslide triggered by Saturday's large earthquake.
Chinese police are reported to have arrested 60 North Korean refugees in raids on safe houses in Beijing.
AP - Florida election officials will not be required to process incomplete voter registration forms for the presidential election, a federal judge ruled Tuesday.
TORONTO (CP) - Canadian music lovers who #39;ve been itching to get into the ITunes online music store will have the chance next month.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh -- Captain Stephen Fleming set two national records as New Zealand took control on the first day of the second test against Bangladesh in Chittagong.
The public record has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced, CNET News.com has learned.
The threat of a constitutional crisis hangs over the EU as MEPs vote on whether to veto the new Commission.
Apple introduces an iPod capable of storing and displaying photos in an effort to stay ahead in the market for digital music players.
Adobe Systems, the digital imaging, design and document technology platform provider and Internet service provider Yahoo will announce this week the launch of a co-branded Yahoo Toolbar.
His team has a 5-1 record, his franchise quarterback is having an MVP-type season and his fan base is energized by the prospect of a Super Bowl run.
AP - Brad Brezina feels just fine, which might be the worst part of all.
AFP - President George W. Bush's official re-election website was down and inaccessible for hours, in what campaign officials said could be the work of hackers.
AP - The Minnesota Timberwolves are among the favorites in the Western Conference, largely because all the key players are back from last season's team that nearly made the NBA Finals.
\Lung function fluctuates on a 24-hour cycle, reaching a peak for most people in late afternoon, researchers find.
Apple has unveiled an iPod with a photo display function aimed at maintaining the company #39;s lead in the market for digital music players.
A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
The Florida Gators are set to renew their annual rivalry with Georgia on Saturday, but the talk around Gainesville continues to revolve around one man.
or professional sports, for that matter -- the Knicks talk about wanting to have a good defense. The question is: Can they?
While Willie Randolph remains the leading candidate to become the next Mets manager, GM Omar Minaya hasn #39;t made a final decision.
A powerful earthquake in Japan has struck the exact same region where at least 31 people were killed and more than 3400 injured five days ago.
AFP - President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded blows over Iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential race.
AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources said.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm around \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the  northern winter with thin heating oil supplies.
Indian batting stuttered once again as they lost the two opening batsmen cheaply and handed Australia a slight advantage on the second day of the third cricket Test here today.
AFP - India has successfully tested a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable medium range ballistic missile, defence sources say.
The tenth-largest US airline, ATA Airlines has filed for bankruptcy protection and sold off airport slots and other assets to AirTran Airways for \$ 87.
NASA and Orbital Sciences Corp. postponed Tuesday #39;s launch of a robot spacecraft after the satellite to which it was supposed to attach temporarily lost its global positioning reception.
The 1st Battalion The Black Watch begins move north to take over operations from US troops in central Iraq.
West Bromwich Albion hope to make a swift appointment as they start the search to find a replacement for sacked manager Gary Megson.
After all, Florida is second in the Southeastern Conference and 17th nationally at 35.1 points per outing. And the Gators have put up 83 points in their last two games.
Shops and businesses were shut and traffic was light in many parts of Indian Kashmir on Wednesday after separatists called a strike to mark the 57th 
Taiwan accused the United States of a breach of trust after US Secretary of State Colin Powell in Beijing voiced support for cross-straits reunification.
The Knicks and Nets met again on Tuesday, but the scene would have been unrecognizable to anyone who watched their playoff rumble of last spring.
Paula Radcliffe said she would run in the New York City Marathon on Nov. 7, 77 days after dropping out during the Olympic marathon.
Ralph Lauren's latest designs didn't debut on catwalks in New York or Paris but inside a narrow storefront on Newbury Street.
Consumer confidence fell sharply in both Massachusetts and the nation in October, weighed down by concerns about jobs, rising energy costs, and the strength of the economic recovery.
Americans are streaming into Canada -- in some cases by the boatload -- in search of flu vaccine.
Two biotech giants are searching for office space in Cambridge in moves that may foreshadow the establishment of larger research facilities.
For Putnam Investments, the end of the Jeffrey W. Greenberg reign at Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. is bittersweet.
Willis McGahee will get the second start of his Bills career Sunday when Buffalo hosts the Arizona Cardinals, the running back said on a national radio broadcast yesterday.
WASHINGTON - Americans are becoming increasingly glum about their economic prospects, as uncertainty over the outcome of the neck-and-neck presidential race grows.
The president of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries says he has asked the US to release some of its emergency crude oil stocks.
Imagine an oil drum the size of a school bus with an antenna on top. That description paraphrases how Cassini points mechanically at Saturn and its moons.
A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
As Pedro Martinez left the mound for the final time Tuesday night, he looked and pointed skyward. He had done in his first World Series start what Babe Ruth did in his back in 1916 
Captain Stephen Fleming closed in on a double-century as New Zealand passed the 400 mark on day two of the second Test against Bangladesh.
The NFL Players Association wants major additions to the revenue pool used to determine player salaries, making negotiations to extend the current contract more difficult than in the past.
Jim Leyland, who led the Florida Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Philadelphia Phillies managerial vacancy.
In rare criticism of US-led forces in Iraq, interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi yesterday blamed foreign troops helping secure the country for 
AP - Zimbabwe authorities ordered a delegation from South Africa's main labor organization to leave the country on the first day of a scheduled four-day visit, labor officials said.
Israel's prime minister confronts a divided cabinet after winning a crucial vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan.
A difference of opinion about the genetic basis of race has emerged between scientists at the National Human Genome Center at Howard University and some other geneticists.
The moon, long an enigma wrapped in smog, has been described by one scientist as the "largest unexplored surface in the solar system."
Johnson   Johnson will be allowed to market an artificial spinal disk in the U.S. as a new form of treatment for people with severe lower back pain.
A NASA climate expert planned to say in a lecture that a Bush administration official told him not to discuss the consequences of global warming.
Advertising agencies and communications professionals are using blogs to create discussion about ideas within their industries.
The \$41 billion deal will create the country's largest mobile phone provider.
Pentagon officials have identified the period during which nearly 400 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraqi military facility vanished, leading to speculation over should claim responsibility for the disappearance.
Many military experts believe that reviving some sort of military draft is extremely unlikely, even impossible -- but not all of them.
Jim Leyland, who led the Marlins to the World Series title in 1997, will interview for the Phillies managerial vacancy. Leyland, a scout for the Cardinals the past four seasons 
After recently being diagnosed with breast cancer, Deanna Favre has a simple, heartfelt message for women everywhere. I definitely, definitely, definitely think women should know how to properly 
both mental and physical -re taking a toll on the Penn State offense. Coach Joe Paterno said on Tuesday that starting quarterback Zack Mills sustained a concussion on 
Munich, Germany (Sports Network) - Claudio Pizarro returned from injury and scored twice in Bayern Munich #39;s 2-0 win over Bundesliga leaders Wolfsburg.
The \$4 million Classic, the feature event on Saturday #39;s Breeders #39; Cup card at Lone Star Park, just got tougher. Already loaded with talent 
AFP - An investigation has been launched into the death of a British tourist whose body was found near Australia's famed Ayers Rock 36 hours after she went missing, police said.
The incoming EU Commission president is to call for a delay in a crucial vote on his new team, reports say.
A city councilor is proposing stiffer penalties for crimes committed around Boston sports events, in a measure aimed at deterring game-related violence and vandalism.
Once labeled the most powerful man in Hollywood, Michael Ovitz portrayed himself yesterday as a victim whose every move at Disney was thwarted by his boss, Michael Eisner.
Images began streaming into the Cassini space mission #39;s imaging team Tuesday night, bringing detailed pictures of Titan #39;s surface.
Stay awake for long enough tonight and you will witness one of the sky #39;s most amazing natural phenomena - a total lunar eclipse.
Apple has launched the iTunes Music Store #39;s pan-Europe incarnation, as it promised to do last June when it opened UK, French and German online stores.
NEW YORK - The NFL players union wants major additions to the revenue pool used to determine player salaries, making negotiations to extend the current contract more difficult than in the past.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm around \$55 a barrel  on Wednesday as traders braced for the start of the northern  winter with thin heating oil supplies.
As scrutiny of the insurance industry intensifies, investigations are likely to underline the web of relationships between insurers and Marsh   McLennan.
General Motors will unveil a new Hummer on Wednesday that will be smaller, cheaper and less gas-hungry than its predecessors.
The world's second-biggest publicly traded oil company forecast that oil prices would stay above \$30 a barrel, and possibly higher, for years to come.
The new bands tent at Glastonbury Festival will be named the John Peel Stage to honour the Radio 1 DJ.
About four million Muslims have ended an annual gathering in Bangladesh considered the faith #39;s second largest congregation after the Hajj pilgrimage.
The vote, in an atmosphere of high drama and tension, with thousands of settlers demonstrating outside, was 67 to 45.
Many newly registered voters with uncertain allegiances are the focus of an intense tug of war in closely contested states.
The military offensive would be the largest and potentially the riskiest since the end of major combat in May 2003.
A sluggish job market and rising oil prices have dampened the public #39;s mood this month, pushing consumer confidence to its lowest point since March.
Unilever, the maker of Lipton tea and Dove soap, said its sales decline accelerated in the third quarter as demand in Western Europe fell and competitors cut prices.
Directors at Arsenal and Manchester United are considering calling a peace summit to bring an end to the damaging feud between the two clubs.
27 October 2004 -- Iraqi authorities say an investigation has been launched into the massacre of 49 newly trained Iraqi Army recruits.
The European Commission yesterday cut its growth forecast for 2005 and warned that nearly half of euro zone members were set to breach their own budget rules, as surging oil prices hit a fragile recovery.
AP - He has been loved and revered, maligned and smeared.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell reiterates that there is only one China in the world, and Taiwan is not a sovereign nation, China Radio International reported Wednesday.
TheDeal.com - The approval after a year-long investigation clears the path for more software industry mergers.
AP - The biotechnology revolution is shaking up the pet world.
The European Commission has given the green light to the proposed Oracle acquisition of PeopleSoft, European Union Competition commissioner Mario Monti said.
Unilever has reported a three percent rise in third-quarter earnings but warned it is reviewing its targets up to 2010, after issuing a shock profits warning last month.
The decision to fire Florida coach Ron Zook was welcomed by Gator fans around the country. It didn #39;t get the same reception in the locker room.
India successfully test-fires a naval version of its Prithvi-III nuclear-capable missile, defence sources say.
Hip-hop pranksters. Pop culture giants. Digital music pioneers. A conversation with the Beastie Boys. By Eric Steuer from Wired magazine.
Researchers train a monkey to feed itself by guiding a mechanical arm with its mind. It could be a big step forward for prosthetics. By David Cohn.
NASA scientists and their colleagues at the European Space Agency await the first reports from their spacecraft and probe, which will pass closer to Saturn's icy moon than ever before.
Four times more camera phones will have been sold in Europe by the end of 2004 than last year, say analysts.
A US airline attendant is fighting for her job after she was suspended over postings on her blog.
THE head of oil cartel Opec today revealed that he had urged the United States to release crude stocks from its strategic reserve to bring down sky-high oil prices.
Unilever has warned that restoring profitable growth will involve rising marketing spend and a big jump in restructuring charges in the fourth quarter.
For about three hours, the moon will traipse through Earth #39;s light and dark shadows, a lunar eclipse. At dusk, the moon will rise in the east.
ST. LOUIS -- The long-awaited sight of David Ortiz playing first base for the Red Sox finally arrived in Game 3 of the World Series on Tuesday night.
Tim Henman was due to began his bid for a third Swiss Indoors title in Basel today as the top-ranked player following the withdrawal of Roger Federer with a thigh injury.
Rick Pitino believes his 2004-05 Louisville Cardinals basketball squad can meet some lofty expectations this season - if the Cardinals stay healthy.
Liverpool FC supporters said they were sickened today after Millwall fans taunted them with chants about the 1989 Hillsborough stadium disaster.
Economic instability looms as major currencies seem to be racing each other to the bottom of the pile. This is the flavour of the markets at the moment.
OPEC president Purnomo Yusgiantoro said Wednesday he had urged the United States to use its strategic petroleum reserves (SPR) to bring down oil prices.
Tokyo stocks edged higher Wednesday in cautious trading amid continued aftershocks from an earthquake that rocked northern Japan and news of a Japanese citizen kidnapped in Iraq.
The Abbey National turnaround plan which the board has been surrendered in favour of takeover by Santander Central Hispano was beginning to bear fruit.
Senior tailback Lydell Ross resumed practicing Tuesday, but his full reinstatement to the Ohio State roster remains undetermined pending possible charges for theft by deception.
Union flag-bedecked Land Rovers of the Black Watch regiment stand ready for deployment. Photograph: Warrant Officer Giles Penfound/PA.
The world was astounded when Secretary of State Colin Powell labeled the humanitarian crisis in Darfur, Sudan, as genocide. While the United States elevated what the United Nations referred 
Northern Nevada customers of Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless will see no changes in existing rates after Tuesdays approval of their \$41 billion merger, officials said.
ATA, the biggest airline at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday and said it will unload its Midway hub to AirTran Airways.
Conservative politicians have stepped up the pressure on Home Secretary David Blunkett over accusations he abused his position by speeding up a visa for his ex-lover #39;s nanny.
The death toll in a mortar attack on tribesmen in Pakistan's South Waziristan region rises to 11, officials say.
Workers at Apple #39;s Irish operations in Cork remain gloomy this morning over one European country that remains outside the reach of iTunes Europe - Ireland.
A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America, weather permitting.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eagles running back Brian  Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a  Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has closed public access to its online document library to protect sensitive documents that might be useful to terrorists, the agency said Tuesday.
NASA postponed for at least two days the launch of its robotic satellite-chasing spacecraft because the target satellite temporarily lost reception of a key navigational signal, the agency said Tuesday.
After winding up his three-day visit to India, Russian President Vladimir Putin left India #39;s southern city of Bangalore Sunday afternoon for Turkey.
A World Food Programme survey says almost half of all families in Darfur are hungry, confirming aid agency fears.
Reuters - Eagles running back Brian\Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a\Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
Apple today peeled the wraps off its latest iPod, promising that the iPod Photo will allow customers to take their entire music and photo library with them wherever they go.
Two years ago, scientists at the NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field were stunned when the Columbia space shuttle came apart as it returned to Earth.
A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America -- weather permitting.
Giant pandas might prefer bamboo to laptops, but wireless technology is helping researchers in China in their efforts to protect the endangered animals in the Wolong Nature Reserve.
Cal coach Jeff Tedford knows Arizona State will run some in Saturday night #39;s game at Memorial Stadium. He #39;s just not sure who will carry the ball.
SiliconValley.com - Intel and cellular phone billionaire Craig McCaw have joined forces to deliver a new high-speed wireless Internet service.
John Kerry accuses President George W Bush of incompetence over Iraq in a hard-hitting TV campaign ad.
Pedro Martinez dazzles for seven as Boston takes a seemingly safe three games to none lead. By MARC TOPKIN, Times Staff Writer. ST.
Japan today refused to withdraw its troops from Iraq despite demands by Iraqi militants who have taken a Japanese civilian hostage and threatened to behead him unless the soldiers left.
A unit of First Islamic Bank makes a 142m bid to take over South Staffordshire Water, company officials say.
Russia's upper house of parliament votes to ratify the international treaty on climate change.
Unilever, the consumer products giant, said today that profits had slipped during the third quarter - as had sales of its top 400 brands.
Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased\from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
To tune in, turn off that TV and head outside about 8:45 tonight, because the best show of the evening is going to be hanging in the sky.
Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic #39;s two court-assigned defense lawyers have asked to be withdrawn from his case, The Hague war crimes tribunal said Wednesday.
RAMALLAH, West Bank Yasser Arafat #39;s doctors have been looking over the results of his blood tests and they #39;re ruling out cancer.
Criminals threaten to send out a flood of child pornography e-mails purporting to come from UK gambling website Blue Square.
Abbey National admitted today that progress in recent months had been disrupted as a result of its planned takeover by Spain #39;s largest bank.
PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Eagles running back Brian Westbrook could miss some time with a broken rib, a Philadelphia television station reported Tuesday night.
Across the country, college basketball coaches and media members are meeting at conference media days. In Birmingham, Ala., the University of Kentucky #39;s Tubby Smith and other Southeastern 
Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf surprised many by suddenly suggesting new proposals to resolve the more than 50-year dispute over Kashmir and Jammu.
The private doctor said Wednesday Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is in good health and tests showed his stomach is normal. Ashraf Kurdi, a neurologist and former Jordanian 
PC maker wants to be your supplier of high-end home electronics as well as installation services and, someday, movies.
Drugs group Warner Chilcott today gave its blessing to a 1.62 billion takeover by a private equity consortium. Directors of Warner announced they were recommending an 
Australia tighten their grip on the third Test and the series after dominating India on day two in Nagpur.
As night fell last Sunday, the drowsy effects of a long holiday weekend spread across the University of Notre Dame campus like a yawn.
The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.
SAN FRANCISCO Fourteen hotels in San Francisco are ignoring the mayor #39;s call for a cooling-off period and are still locking out unionized workers.
The Cassini spacecraft has sent back the first detailed pictures of the Saturns largest moon, Titan, showing a sharply-defined but nevertheless mysterious landscape of light and dark regions.
Several storage suppliers are adding to their arsenal of products and technologies aimed at IT managers dealing with the explosion of data storage at Storage Networking World in Orlando this week.
It should be as easy to search a computer as it is to search the Web. And Google, the current king of Web-searching, recently introduced a new desktop program for Windows 
Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th test by grabbing two key wickets and putting Australia on course for a rare series victory in India on the second day of the third test on Wednesday.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has urged Beijing to ensure the city is ready to host the 2008 Games well in advance, an official said on Wednesday.
Some 850 of Britain #39;s Black Watch troops set out from the southern Iraqi city of Basra Wednesday to replace US troops south of Baghdad.
AFP - Glenn McGrath destroyed India's top order in his 100th Test match here to bring world champions Australia closer to their first series win on Indian soil in 35 years.
Berlin was celebrating on Sunday after winning its bid to host the 2009 world athletics championships, a decision that capped a week of triumph for Germany #39;s capital city.
The three-way battle for Warner Chilcott reached a new pitch this morning when the company recommended a 1.6 billion bid tabled by a US-led private equity team.
Japan #39;s prime minister today refused to bend to demands by militants who have taken a Japanese civilian hostage in Iraq and threatened to behead him unless Tokyo withdraws its soldiers.
Procter   Gamble, the consumer products company, said quarterly profit jumped 14 percent, boosted by strong sales and a gain from the sale of its juice business.
AP - Orders to U.S. factories for big-ticket durable goods, propelled by a jump in demand for communications equipment, edged up 0.2 percent in September.
Gary Neville congratulated his Manchester United team-mates on their second successive three-goal Barclays Premiership win - but then told them Chelsea and Arsenal will not start 
Motorsport.com. Australian Grand Prix chairman Ron Walker doubts that the Grand Prix World Championship (GPWC) will come to much and claimed he will stick with Formula One.
UCLA is placed third in the Pac-10 preseason women #39;s basketball media poll; Quinn a preseason all-conference pick. By Janie McCauley.
Trainer D. Wayne Lukas announced yesterday he will enter champion mare Azeri against the males in Saturday #39;s Breeders #39; Cup Classic at 
The use of pressure tactics is one of the ancient principles of diplomacy. Not many nations practice it as effectively as the United States, the lone superpower.
APPLE launched the IPOD PHOTO in the US yesterday (October 26), allowing users to take their entire digital photo library on the move.
Skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch Earth #39;s shadow consume a blood-red Moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.
British number one Tim Henman is currently facing world number 80 Anthony Dupuis of France at the Davidoff Swiss Indoors event in Basel.
Cingular Wireless today announced it has completed its previously announced merger with AT amp;T Wireless, creating the nation #39;s biggest wireless carrier with the 
The cluster of 20 computers working as one will be used to speed up spacecraft design, environmental prediction and other research.
At a special music event featuring Bono and The Edge from U2, Apple yesterday unveiled the iPod Photo with a colour screen, available immediately in 40GB or 60GB versions.
A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America - weather permitting.
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems say they are warming up to each other, but it will take more time to deliver on the grand promises of platform interoperability announced last spring.
Conference USA men #39;s basketball coaches said they expected a very close and difficult conference race, but that #39;s not how they voted.
TOKYO : Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has vowed not to pull out its troops in Iraq, despite reports that another of its national has been taken hostage.
New Delhi: India, the world #39;s largest democracy, ranks 120th in the media freedom index of 167 countries with Denmark on top and North Korea at the bottom.
Novell's SuSE software is set to join Red Hat as a server option. Also: Is AMD in Dell's future?
SGI's supercomputer sets a public record which has been eclipsed by a faster result yet to be announced.
Food and consumer goods giant Unilever reported a three percent rise in third-quarter net profits, but warned it was reviewing its targets until 2010.
Kerr-McGee Corp. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit slid on a charge related to the shutdown of a pigment plant and higher environmental and capital expenses.
Apple has unveiled a new addition to the hugely successful iPod range, giving users more hard disc space and a colour screen for picture viewing.
VIENNA, Austria European negotiators are making a last attempt to get Iran to stop enriching uranium so that it can avoid UN sanctions.
 PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - If someone gives you a copy of  "Rapala Pro Fishing," throw it back.
People based outside the US have been unable to visit the re-election website of President Bush.
The ice is melting and the heat is on for international delegates assembling in Buenos Aires this week to find new ways to confront global warming under the 194-nation treaty on climate change.
Scott Wilhelm skipped school, took a day off from work, drove 15 miles and visited five stores - just so he could roam the fake streets of San Andreas and shoot people.
Donovan McNabb drops back to pass, dumps the ball off, and his receiver gathers it in and starts darting through traffic down the field.
Western governors gathered last week to plan with the Bush administration and Congress how to change the Endangered Species Act, the 31-year-old law they say 
OPEC #39;s president has taken the unprecedented step of urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to bring down world oil prices.
The European Commission is expected today to approve US-based enterprise software firm Oracle #39;s hostile take-over of rival PeopleSoft.
Oil and gas producer Kerr-McGee Corp. (KMG) on Wednesday reported a fall in quarterly profit, citing a writedown related to a pigment plant and higher environmental charges.
Sachin Tendulkar was dismissed for eight on his return to international cricket as world champions Australia left India in deep trouble in the third Test on Wednesday.
What a difference the ballot makes. The election of Hamid Karzai as the first popularly elected president of Afghanistan is a dramatic affirmation of the power of democracy.
New orders for US-made durable goods increased 0.2pc in September, held back by a big drop in orders for transportation goods, the US Commerce Department said today.
Ziff Davis - The company says SuSE Linux Professional will become more of a community desktop, while its upcoming Novell Linux Desktop will target business users.
AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Tuesday and Wednesday:
With new rankings due soon, SGI, IBM and others jostle for bragging rights. Also: Speedy Mac system gets speedier.
Gerald Sensabaugh spent most of North Carolina #39;s week off studying tapes of Miami, and he saw the speed, the talent and the big-play capability.
Real Madrid striker Michael Owen is delighted by the scoring streak which has brought him three game-winning goals in as many matches, news reports said Wednesday.
CHAPEL HILL, NC - North Carolina will likely have the services of four-year starting quarterback Darian Durant when it meets fourth-ranked Miami on Saturday.
A two-year-old boy was pulled alive from the rubble today after nearly four days under a landslide caused by the earthquake that devastated northern Japan.
AP - North Atlantic right whales are returning to their calving grounds off the coast of Georgia early this year.
Allowing dozens of casinos to be built in the UK would bring investment and thousands of jobs, Tony Blair says.
AFP - Lorenzen Wright will sit out the Memphis Grizzlies season opener after receiving a one-game suspension.
The internet search engine Google has released its first set of results since the company floated on the stock market two months ago.
The king of Breeders #39; Cup trainers is pursuing his record 18th victory on horse racing #39;s biggest stage in a surprising way.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chip stocks fell on  Wednesday as earnings and outlooks from two consumer products  giants failed to excite markets.
Look for more consumer electronics products and services from the PC behemoth. Also: SuSE Linux for Dell servers.
Reuters - OPEC took the unprecedented step of\urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to\bring down world oil prices.
Reuters - Titan Corp. , which provides\technology and translating services to the U.S. military, on\Wednesday reported a slightly higher quarterly profit.
US aircraft and defence company Boeing reports a 78 jump in quarterly profits, driven by increased demand for equipment from the armed forces.
Orders to US factories for big-ticket durable goods edged up 0.2 percent in September while sales of new homes surged to the third highest monthly level on record.
Metal processor Ryerson Tull Inc. on Wednesday said it agreed to acquire Integris Metals Inc., a joint venture of aluminum producer Alcoa Inc.
Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. reported a wider-than-anticipated loss in the third quarter as higher costs related to programming initiatives and customer acquisition offset revenue gains.
PACIFIC Hydro shares yesterday caught an updraught that sent them more than 20 per cent higher after the wind farmer moved to flush out a bidder.
Also: Howard Stern confronts Michael Powell on the air.
TORONTO (CP) -- Canadian music lovers who #39;ve been itching to get into the ITunes online music store will have the chance next month.
NEW YORK - It #39;s not lack of choice that is the problem when trying to choose a digital music player, it #39;s rather the opposite.
In related news, it was announced yesterday that Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, DC Comics and Electronic Arts will bring a Batman Begins videogame tie-in.
Determined to avoid a repeat of the construction delays that threatened the Athens Games, Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday.
English Premiership strugglers West Bromwich Albion have refused to comment on reports they have approached former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson as a replacement for Gary Megson.
Millwall and Liverpool fans have blamed each other for the violence which marred the Carling Cup third-round tie at The New Den. Lions supporters have denied chants 
Victoria  quot;Torie quot; Snelgrove, the college student fatally injured by a pepper-spray projectile during a Red Sox celebration last week, was laid 
The country #39;s most feared militant group released a video today showing a frightened young Japanese civilian saying he would be beheaded if Japan did not withdraw its troops from Iraq.
Lebanon Wednesday rejected US criticism Syria dictated the make-up of the the new 30-member government of Premier Omar Karami. Information Minister Elie Ferzili said after 
Company becomes last of the four major server sellers to fully support Novell's SuSE Linux.
IFire aims to displace LCD TVs with its lower-cost display technology.
AFP - The Berlin Philharmonic and British conductor Simon Rattle will set off on a tour of Japan this weekend, the orchestra said.
The Donald heads off a bankruptcy with yet another re-capitalization, but the stock remains among the walking dead.
America is "very concerned" about healthcare in retirement. That's okay with us.
Turkey sends army planes and helicopters to help extinguish a forest fire in neighbouring Syria.
Concerns about winter fuel supplies were heightened Wednesday after a report showed US inventories of distillate, which includes heating oil, shrank for the sixth straight week.
SOARING global energy demand will leave the West increasingly in thrall to the Middle East, the world #39;s energy watchdog has warned.
Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a quarterly operating profit well below analysts #39; estimates even before \$1.
Pacific Hydro Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest listed renewable energy company, hired advisers after receiving approaches that may lead to a takeover.
SanDisk on Tuesday announced new flash memory cards with higher capacities, designed to fit into consumer gizmos like digital cameras, camcorders and cell phones.
We #39;ve uncovered some additional info on the upcoming Electronic Arts #39; title. Looks like this won #39;t be another Catwoman.
Microsoft has announced a new framework and tool for Visual Studio Team System to support the creation of service-oriented applications for various vertical industries.
NEW YORK -- Two wins in last season #39;s NIT and five returning starters apparently get you just one thing in Big East Conference basketball.
Lenders have concocted a frightening brew of fees. Are there fang marks on your wallet?
Syracuse was the runaway preseason pick of Big East coaches Wednesday on the strength of a team that has all its starters back after reaching the round of 16 last season.
Toronto's Nik Antropov, Philadelphia's Michal Handzus and Pittsburgh's Steve McKenna became the latest NHL players to head to Europe during the lockout.
AP - Referees at the 2006 World Cup will begin a training program next year in what FIFA hopes will assure top officiating during the showcase event in Germany.
Most large companies are struggling to protect themselves against security threats, a survey from security consultancy NetSec published today reveals.\
NASA scientists are poring over the latest pictures unveiling Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The images show distinct dark and bright surface areas.
The EU iTunes Music Store retains the same features and per-song price of 99 euro cents, established in June for customers in UK, Germany and France.
TORONTO -- Ontario #39;s consumer minister is putting parents on notice about the newest video game sensation to hit store shelves.
The Black Watch were tonight heading for the so-called Triangle of Death outside Baghdad to free US Marines for an expected all-out assault on Fallujah.
New Delhi, Dec. 4: Bangladesh finance minister S. Saifur Rahman will arrive in India late tonight for a five-day visit and interaction with Indias top political leadership.
AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry accused President George W. Bush's administration of abandoning its responsibilities in Iraq as the two rivals intensified attacks ahead of the US election.
Reuters - A freak tie result in the\presidential election could mean the House of Representatives\would choose the next president, a scenario that would favor\Republican incumbent George W. Bush.
Nortel Networks Corp. said it will miss a self-imposed October deadline for filing restated results, the second time the telephone equipment maker has delayed the release of its financial statements.
The spacecraft passed within 746 miles of Titan #39;s surface and should send back pictures 100 times sharper than past views. Those images are to be released beginning today.
AILING former McDonald #39;s chief executive Charlie Bell will fly home to Australia in a company plane specially fitted with medical equipment.
Verizon Communications is stepping further into video as a way to compete against cable companies.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices tumbled Wednesday after a report showing a bigger jump in crude oil inventories than traders and analysts had been expecting.
Karachi: Pakistani paceman Shoaib Akhtar was ruled out of the second Test against Sri Lanka starting Thursday after suffering a shoulder injury during training.
AFP - Residents in Indian Kashmir will face up to three years in jail for hosting extravagant weddings under new government regulations, officials said.
US stocks rebounded on Wednesday morning as oil prices fell sharply after a higher-than-expected rise in crude stocks trumped a drop in distillate inventories.
Dell is to certify and pre-install Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 on select Dell PowerEdge servers worldwide, the system vendor announced today.
With next-generation game systems not expected until 2006, the video game industry needs blockbuster games to keep business flowing.
Buschwhacked: Martinez holds listless Cardinals to three hits over seven innings in front of booing St. Louis fans; Red Sox move to within one win of World Series.
AFP - Britain said it planned to ask the European Commission for a somewhat larger share of the greenhouse gas emissions allowances that are to begin trading on an EU carbon market next year.
A baserunning gaffe turns Pedro Martinez into Pedro the magnificent, and now it's simply a matter of when the Red Sox end their eons of pain.
RedEnvelope is still in the red. Do investors have something to cheer about?
The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
AFP - US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage praised Russia's anti-terror efforts as he laid a wreath at a site of a recent Moscow metro suicide bombing.
Reuters - Space shuttle Enterprise was\born to be an astronautical bridesmaid, never a bride.
Opec members call for a cut in rampant over-production as prices oil prices plummet amid warmer US weather.
English cricket authorities give the national team the go-ahead to tour Zimbabwe.
The discovery of remains belonging to a tiny species of ancient human has been hailed as one of the most sensational finds of its type in decades.
New York #39;s main crude oil contract shot to a record high of \$55.45 a barrel on Friday amid deepening concern over US stocks of winter heating fuel.
A surprisingly large number of Americans took advantage of low mortgage rates to buy new homes in September, signaling continued strength in the real estate market.
Trick-or-treaters can expect an early Halloween treat on Wednesday night, when a total lunar eclipse makes the moon look like a glowing pumpkin.
Reuters - President George W. Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassionate\conservatism but film fans have voted him "Movie Villain of the Year".
There are at least two trainers who think the correct move with Azeri is to run in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic - Powered by Dodge (gr.
Ziff Davis - Holes in KOffice and RealPlayer allow attackers to take over a user's system.
Tribune staff reporters Geoff Daugherty, Susan Chandler and Gary Washburn contributed to this story. Its financial situation steadily deteriorating, the parent of ATA 
Reuters - Oil prices at record highs sent\quarterly profits up at ConocoPhillips  and two other\top U.S. producers on Wednesday.
Dell and Novell have reached an agreement that will see Novell SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 receive certification on a selection of Dell PowerEdge servers.
Penn State starting quarterback Zack Mills may not play Saturday against Ohio State because of the lingering effects of a concussion.
AP - Sen. John Edwards scolded President Bush on Wednesday for invoking the names of Democratic presidents and accused Bush of leading by "fear and failure."
AP - Mayor Robert Pastrick will not finish his ninth term in office after conceding defeat in a court-mandated special Democratic primary ordered because of corruption allegations.
A third of respondents said that spyware has been on the rise in the past six months.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from near record peaks  on Wednesday after a sharp build in U.S. crude stocks spurred  traders to take profits.
Reuters - Greenpeace activists\welded shut the entrance to the headquarters of Brazil's state\nuclear power company on Tuesday and chained themselves\together in front of the building.
The US brings into service the first FA-22 Raptor, a stealth fighter rated as the most expensive jet in military history.
The president addressed the issue for the first time today, signaling that he saw its potential to hurt him on Nov. 2.
The skeleton was found in the same sediment deposits on Flores that have also been found to contain stone tools and the bones of dwarf elephants, giant rodents, and Komodo dragons.
Motivating college athletes to maintain a similar level of intensity during each and every game is one of biggest challenges for a college football coach.
The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
For manufacturing fanatics, a tour of Dell's facility is sort of like visiting Stonehenge. Here's where direct fulfillment took flight.
AFP - The government approved the creation of a political party headed by a young ambitious lawyer, in only the third time that a new party was authorized in Egypt in almost three decades.
Georgia's new president is offering a tax amnesty for people who hid earnings under the previous regime in an effort to boost the country's crumbling economy.
Search enabler Google Inc. said Wednesday it acquired digital mapping company Keyhole Corp. for an undisclosed sum.
Internet search company Google Inc. has acquired Keyhole Corp., a supplier of online satellite maps that allow users to zoom down to street level to specific locations, Google said Wednesday.
Microsoft CEO tells customers that Windows carries lower total costs and is more secure than the open-source operating system. By John Foley.
NASCAR driver Jimmy Spencer was arrested and accused of interfering with police officers as they attempted to serve a warrant on his son.
Reuters - Denver Broncos\running back Quentin Griffin will miss the remainder of the\season after being placed on injured reserve Wednesday with a\knee injury.
AP - Free agent forwards Damone Brown and Darius Rice were waived by the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday.
 ENGLEWOOD, Colorado (Sports Network) - Denver Broncos  running back Quentin Griffin will miss the remainder of the  season after being placed on injured reserve Wednesday with a  knee injury.
The US brings into service the first FA-22 Raptor, a stealth fighter rated as the most expensive jet in history.
The European tour is investigating Seve Ballesteros, who is accused of assaulting another Spanish golfer off the course during an amateur tournament last month.
New-home sales surged unexpectedly in September, climbing 3.5, as low mortgage rates attracted buyers, a government report showed Wednesday.
Augmenting its technology assets and pushing into subscription services, Google (Quote, Chart) announced today that it has acquired digital mapping specialist Keyhole for an undisclosed sum.
NAGPUR: On his first real day at the office in his 100th Test match, Glenn McGrath showed why he ranks among cricket #39;s all-time greats.
A delegation of top Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday with a clear message for its hosts: Preparation is the key to successfully hosting the 2008 Games.
The current mindset in Pakistan appears to be flexible on the Kashmir issue. Similarly, flexibility is needed from the Indian side.
Consumers worried about job prospects. Raises questions about whether Americans will be in spending mood during holidays. Worries about job prospects sent consumer confidence in the United States to a seven 
The report blames a drop in shipments from market leader palmOne and market consolidation highlighted by a near complete exit of top vendors Sony and Toshiba from international competition.
China rejected on Wednesday Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s call to resume dialogue with Taipei, saying Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian #39;s overtures 
Chicago and its business community may take a harder hit from Tuesdays bankruptcy filing by ATA Holdings Corp. than the troubled airlines hometown of Indianapolis, a court document shows.
Consumer confidence tumbled for the third consecutive month in October, private research group The Conference Board reported Tuesday.
The commercial stocks of crude oil in the United States surged by 4.0 million barrels to 283.4 million barrels in the week ending on October 22, near the lower end of average 
Georgia is offering a one-off  #39;tax amnesty #39; to people who hid their earnings under the regime of former president Eduard Shevardnadze.
Thousands of workers of German car giant Volkswagen on Wednesday held demonstrations ahead of a crucial round of wage talks. The company #39;s works council said Wednesday that about 
NASAs Cassini spacecraft pierced some of the thick veil of haze that hides Saturns giant moon at 8:25 pm CDT Tuesday as it passed within 750 miles of Titan.
Boeing Co. on Wednesday topped Wall Street expectations with a 78 percent jump in quarterly profit on strength in its defense operations, and raised its earnings forecast for 2004.
A cap on industrial carbon dioxide emissions is to be cut back by the government, angering green groups.
Yahoo adds a search feature for cell phones, following a similar move by Google. Also:  Start-up Seven gets addicted to Java.
David Kirsch will be online to talk about research at the University of Maryland's Robert H. Smith School of Business to preserve records from the dot-com era of the late 1990s.
AP - A new online medical journal will make its research articles available to the public free of charge and accessible through the Internet.
AP - U.S. President George W. Bush's official campaign Web site has blocked access to foreign Web surfers since Monday, an Internet monitoring company said Wednesday.
AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics said it has developed the world's highest-capacity SRAM (static random access memory) chip for high-performance networking systems.
The US Commerce Department said Wednesday sales of new homes rose 3.5 percent in September to a 1.206 million annual rate, the third-highest pace on record.
Scotland #39;s run of poor results could not be blamed solely on manager Berti Vogts, Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson claimed.
MOSCOW - Russian prosecutors have charged three senior police officials with negligence over the Beslan school hostage taking, the Interfax news agency reported Wednesday.
Talks to find a solution to the Darfur crisis in Sudan are abruptly postponed, as the security situation worsens.
Gonzaga's Don Smith, one of the area's most successful area soccer coaches over the past two decades, will retire at the end of the season.
AP - Mississippi State was placed on probation by the NCAA for four years, stripped of eight scholarships over the next two seasons and banned from postseason play this season because of recruiting violations.
The US economy has continued to grow in September and early October, but was hampered by record oil prices, a report from the Federal Reserve shows.
Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf arrives in London to hold talks with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Denver Broncos running back Quentin Griffin #39;s strange season came to an end Tuesday when the team #39;s worst concerns were realized.
International soccer #39;s governing body said Wednesday it plans to boost training for the referees who will handle matches at the 2006 World Cup.
AFP - The US economy is expanding but the performance is patchy as roaring energy prices begin to stifle spending, the Federal Reserve's Beige Book survey showed.
An event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of the black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.
While many drivers entertain back-seat passengers with DVD's like "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory," a surprising number choose racier fare.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Tennis chiefs will next year offer  professional players on the men's tour a range of "safe  supplements," the BBC reported Wednesday.
A favorable ruling and an uneventful civil trial could mean Oracle and PeopleSoft begin bargaining.
Search company cuts price of Keyhole LT mapping software by more than half.
AP - An online al-Qaida magazine is urging Sunni Muslim fighters in Iraq to join hands with Osama bin Laden to defeat its enemies.
AFP - President George W. Bush's campaign website was inaccessible from outside the United States.
Indianapolis-based ATA Airlines filed for bankruptcy protection today. The airline has one of its major hubs at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport.
The US economy is expanding but the performance appears patchy as soaring energy prices stifle spending in many regions, the Federal Reserve #39;s Beige Book survey showed tonight.
Investment management company Affiliated Managers Group Inc. said Wednesday that third-quarter profit rose 3 percent as expenses and challenges with high-cap funds offset sharp revenue growth.
According to Google, current Keyhole users will benefit from the expanded resources and operational scale made possible by the company #39;s integration into Google.
The tools are aimed at giving developers succinct representations of various Web applications, using detailed graphics that represent software components and helping developers to build better 
. British troops moved north from Basra Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for a possible attack on Falluja.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slid on Wednesday  as a major retreat in oil markets removed a key impetus for the  recent rally in bonds.
XM Satellite Radio Holdings  introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio.
Blue Nile dominates its niche and offers growth and a clean balance sheet.
The video game publisher blows away expectations and ups the ante for fiscal 2005.
The packaging firm's P/E looks reasonable, but free cash flow has dried up.
Compuware this week is upgrading its Vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
The NCAA places Mississippi State on probation for four years because of recruiting violations and bans them from postseason play this year.
InfoWorld - Compuware this week is upgrading its Vantage application service management software to highlight predictive analysis and performance assessment.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli television said on Wednesday  that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had  deteriorated.
Reuters - Israeli television said on Wednesday\that Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's health had\deteriorated.
Johnson County consumers were more confident in October than last month and October 2003, County Economic Research Institute Inc. said.
The US economy has continued to grow in September and early October, but was hampered by record oil prices, a report from the Federal Reserve has shown.
US Treasury Secretary John Snow conceded Wednesday that government  quot;deficits matter, quot; but said an improving economy already is beginning to reduce red ink in the federal budget.
LONDON - Modern humans began dominating the world far earlier than thought, according to anthropologists who say they #39;ve discovered fossils of a new human dwarf species.
InfoWorld - Storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies Wednesday at the Storage Networking World in Orlando.
The insurance brokerage reports good earnings, but a subpoena sinks its stock.
AP - Receiver Bobby Engram's left ankle sprain is worse than initially believed, Seattle Seahawks coach Mike Holmgren said Wednesday.
Almost 80 Muslim demonstrators arrested in southern Thailand suffocated after being crammed into army lorries, the Thai authorities admitted yesterday.
The lawyers who are defending Slobodan Milosevic have asked to be relieved of their duties, creating new hurdles for the troubled and drawn-out war crimes trial in The Hague.
AP - Europe's Ryder Cup team is holding a reunion this week at Valderrama.
Crude oil futures prices plummeted today, falling by nearly \$3 a barrel, as traders shelved concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies.
In a new filing, PortalPlayer says it expects to sell its stock for between \$11 and \$13 per share.
The handheld game player's surprising pricing in Japan may indicate what the U.S. market can expect.
Storage companies continued to demonstrate a wealth of new products and technologies Wednesday at the Storage Networking World in Orlando.
Chile is violating the rights of indigenous people by resorting to an outdated anti-terrorism law, a leading rights group says.
A politically charged program to poison prairie dogs has begun in South Dakota. Mixed in with the controversy is an endangered ferret and the rights of cattle ranchers.
One of the rarest snakes in the U.S., the Louisiana pine snake is relatively abundant on a tract of commercial forest in the state. Scientists hope to learn why.
Tim Henman made light of his magnesium deficiency today to maul Antony Dupuis in straight sets in the first round of the Davidoff Swiss Masters.
Nortel Networks says it will again delay the release of its restated financial results. The Canadian telecom vendor originally promised to release the restated results in September.
AFP - Authorities in Florida were looking for 58,000 absentee ballots whose disappearance stirred renewed controversy in the state that held up the 2000 presidential election for five weeks.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles running  back Brian Westbrook is listed as questionable for Sunday's  game against Baltimore because of a rib fracture.
In Japan, that is. The game player's surprising pricing there may indicate what the U.S. market can expect.
The US economy continued to grow in September and early October despite rising energy costs and increased uncertainty caused by the presidential campaign, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday, in its last snapshot of business conditions 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. reported a slight rise in third-quarter earnings Wednesday, despite a general slowdown in its beer business.
Microsoft has renewed its attack on Linux, its primary rival in the business software market, with Chief Executive Steve Ballmer telling customers in a letter sent the 
Mississippi State #39;s football program was placed on four years probation, stripped of four scholarships during each of the next two seasons and banned from postseason play this year by 
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - On a warm June evening in 1959, two kids rode a bicycle down a lonesome county road in southwestern Ontario.
Yesterday consumer groups released a study saying broadband policy in the U.S. was failing. Here's a counterpoint from the conservative Heritage Foundation. Broadband blog
Oil prices fell sharply from near record peaks on Wednesday after a larger-than-expected build in US crude stocks spurred traders to take profits from a fierce rally.
Anheuser-Busch (BUD:NYSE - news - research) guzzled higher third-quarter profits thanks to a foreign acquisition and some price increases.
SAN FRANCISCOMobile search gained another convert as Yahoo Inc. on Wednesday extended Web, local and image search to wireless devices.
So now that Apple has officially rolled out the new iPod Photo, we still have one nagging question: will HP follow suit and come out with an HP iPod Photo?
Microsoft has previewed  quot;Whitehorse, quot; a set of visual design tools intended to support the design and validation of Web services-based applications.
West Bromwich Albion are refusing to comment on reports they have approached Bobby Robson to take over at The Hawthorns from sacked Gary Megson.
The shipment of jobs overseas is one of the most pressing economic issues of the presidential campaign. Here are 10 key facts of the matter.\
Reuters - An earthquake shook the Romanian\capital Bucharest on Wednesday night, Reuters witnesses said.
A Kenyan human rights group says the death of 56 inmates at a prison this year amounts to a "national disaster".
DreamWorks Animation #39;s initial public offering scheduled Thursday may benefit from the company #39;s recent box-office success.
Weather permitting, Marylanders will be able to witness a rare lunar eclipse tonight. What makes this eclipse so rare is it #39;s length.
Tim Henman shook off a recent bout of fatigue to beat Antony Dupuis of France 6-3, 6-4 Wednesday in the opening round of the Swiss Indoors.
Marat Safin of Russia returns a shot during second round tennis match against Alexander Peya of Austria at the St. Petersburg Open tennis tournament in St.
Stuttgart suffered a surprise defeat at struggling neighbour Freiburg in the Bundesliga while Schalke won again, this time over Mainz.
PC World - Users can now access search engine from their cell phones.
Craig McCaw discusses Cingular's acquisition of AT #38;T Wireless and looks toward his new WiMax venture.
The Bush-Cheney reelection campaign has barred people outside the United States from viewing its Web site following an electronic attack that took down the campaign #39;s Internet address for six 
Karachi: Pakistan fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar has been ruled out of the second Test against Sri Lanka starting on Thursday because of a shoulder injury.
Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - The Baltimore Orioles have agreed to terms with veteran first baseman/designated hitter Rafael Palmeiro Wednesday to a one-year contract.
AP - It seems that the players in the Chrysler Championship all have different goals.
AP - President Bush promises to do "whatever it takes" to keep the country safe. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has failed and calls for "a fresh start."
Vaccines for sale online can be dangerous, and sellers could be perpetrating credit card fraud.
JDS Uniphase Corp., a maker of fiber-optic equipment, on Wednesday posted a deeper loss for the first quarter despite sharply higher revenue.
Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 78 percent jump in quarterly earnings that beat Wall Street forecasts as stronger demand for its military 
AFP - Boston Celtics star Paul Pierce was fined 15,000 dollars for spitting during a National Basketball Association pre-season game.
AFP - The United Nations special envoy to Sudan blamed ethnic minority rebels in Darfur for the deaths earlier this month of two humanitarian aid workers in the war-torn region.
AFP - Police arrested a man who threatened to run over US Representative Katherine Harris, the former Florida Secretary of State blamed by critics for much of the 2000 presidential election debacle.
A Prince George's County appeals board has voted to overturn a ban on pedestrians on the streets and sidewalks around FedEx Field.
Company lays out booty for nonpirates who prove their Windows software is the real thing.
Along with the launch of 2 new iPods in iPod U2 Special Edition and iPod Photo, Apple also launched their flagship digital music store iTunes in European countries.
If skies are clear, people can expect to see the full moon turn a deep reddish colour as the Earth #39;s shadow falls over the face of the moon, astronomers say.
Microsoft #39;s earlier attempts at a specification for Sender ID, the technology which is used for verifying the authenticity of e-mail with Internet Protocol records 
Scottish champion Celtic suffered its first loss this season, with an injury time goal from John Stewart securing a 3-2 for Aberdeen at Parkhead.
At least one big-city police department has suspended use of pepper-spray pellet guns blamed for the death of a 21-year-old college student 
Five voting machine makers have agreed for the first time to submit their software to the National Software Reference Library for safekeeping, federal officials said
Many vendors join the effort, but IBM and BEA Systems choose not to participate, leading to harsh words from Sun executive.
Nortel Networks has again delayed posting its long-awaited restated financial results, moving its target release date to mid-November.
Dell and Novell today announced plans to offer Novell SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9 on Dell's single- and dual-processor PowerEdge servers worldwide.
Users at Storage Networking World are developing information life-cycle management schemes within their storage networks to more efficiently and cost-effectively store data according to business policies.
Demand for the Linux OS is gathering steam as it becomes more popular outside its core market of computer enthusiasts, helped in part by interest in open-source software from European governments.
The initial public offering of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. raised a more than expected \$812 million on Wednesday after the shares of the film producer priced well above expectations.
As part of its growing effort to thwart piracy, Microsoft is offering free photo slideshow software to customers who verify that they have a genuine copy of Windows.
Aberdeen manager Jimmy Calderwood admitted he had initially been angered by the four extra minutes which allowed his team a shock 3-2 win at Celtic.
English champion Arsenal has been boosted by the news that manager Arsene Wenger has signed on until the end of the 2007-2008 season.
Chelsea were awarded a penalty in the 77th minute when Tomas Repka clearly brought down Robben despite the heated protests from the disgruntled West Ham players.
The man who emerged from a pile of baseball fans clutching Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball last month is now richer by \$804,129.
Optimism in Hawaii remains high while employment woes nationwide have driven consumer confidence to lower levels. US consumer confidence dropped to lower levels in October for the third consecutive month, according 
Hollinger International has reached a deal with its ousted chairman, Conrad Black, that would allow the media tycoon to share in the proceeds of the \$1.
AP - John Russell might be perceived as a long shot among Philadelphia Phillies managerial candidates.
Consumer advocate organizations say U.S is trailing in broadband and that inequality is increasing.
 BUCHAREST (Reuters) - An earthquake hit Romania on  Wednesday night, shaking buildings in the capital Bucharest but  apparently causing little damage, Reuters witnesses said.
Reuters - Ask Jeeves Inc.  posted a\higher third-quarter profit as Web-search advertising continued\to fuel revenue growth.
MySQL on Wednesday announced general availability of Version 4.1 of its MySQL open source database, which the company is positioning as production-ready for large-scale enterprise usage.
AFP - Amare Stoudemire, who will make 2.32 million dollars this season, had his fourth-year option picked up on his contract, the Phoenix Suns announced.
United States President George W Bush #39;s campaign website is inaccessible from outside the United States, blocking access for Americans living in Australia.
Astronomers say the Moon might look like a pumpkin Wednesday night before it completely disappears in the Earths shadow in the last total lunar eclipse until March 2007.
Stuttgart, Germany (Sports Network) - Werder Bremen scored twice in the last 12 minutes as the defending Bundesliga champions beat Stuttgart in a physical match, 2-1.
Search giant Google Inc. on Wednesday said it has acquired Keyhole Corp., a digital-mapping company that shows satellite pictures from around the world.
Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be enormous.
Just in time for Halloween, the moon will look more like a pumpkin than green cheese during a total lunar eclipse on Wednesday night.
An emerging technology known as broadband over power lines may soon provide a new channel for high-speed data into homes through ordinary electrical outlets.
The Orioles made quick work of what was expected to be one of their most difficult offseason decisions, re-signing Rafael Palmeiro to a one-year deal Wednesday and practically 
Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice says his star receiver is looking better this week after being limited last week by a strained hamstring.
New technology and a faceless distribution network over the Internet are contributing to a rising number of counterfeit tickets to sports events and concerts.
The iPod Photo looks and feels exactly like the existing iPod -- except it can display your photos on a bright screen. Should you buy it?
On the Web, a parallel universe of tiny, adorable accessories for tiny, adorable dogs.
Jim Riggleman, the Dodgers' bench coach, was the Chicago Cubs' manager for five seasons before being fired in 1999.
CHICAGO : Aerospace giant Boeing reported a 78 percent increase in third-quarter profit on Wednesday and gave an upbeat forecast for the rest of 2004 and into 2005.
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said he has requested that the US use more of its oil reserves to calm the markets.
The Dow Jones industrial average posted its second straight triple-digit gain Wednesday, as a government oil inventory report sent crude futures tumbling.
LONDON -- President Bush #39;s official campaign website has blocked access to foreign surfers since Monday, an internet monitoring company said Wednesday.
Jimmy Calderwood admitted he had been angry the referee added on four minutes with Aberdeen holding Celtic to a draw, only for the Dons to grab a late goal.
Willis McGahee has emerged as the Buffalo Bills starting running back based on his ability to provide more of a spark to a sputtering offence.
TOP-seeded Marat Safin advanced to the second round of the St Petersburg Open today when Austrian Alexander Peya retired with an injured ankle.
Ten-man Bremen came from behind to inflict Stuttgart #39;s second successive defeat with a win at the Gottlieb-Daimler Stadium on Wednesday evening.
Electronic Data Systems' early-retirement plan aims to save hundreds of millions of dollars, but saying goodbye to veteran employees could be hard on the firm.
AFP - The city hall of the southwestern French city of Bordeaux was damaged by a powerful explosion overnight, witnesses saw.
Reuters - One minute you're a big\T-Rex, the next you're toast.
DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. #39;s initial public offering raised a more-than-expected \$812 million on Wednesday in a deal that marked the 
Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
Temerity is suddenly in fashion in the Scottish Premier League. Dundee United forced a draw with Rangers at Ibrox on Sunday and last night Aberdeen.
If Roger Federer or Andy Roddick were credited with the above quote, to win all the four Grand Slam titles in 2005, I would have, perhaps, not written this column.
A UK government study finds the open-source Linux operating system is a  "viable" alternative to rival products.
PC World - Consumers are giving PDAs the hand as they move toward smart phones.
If you still don #39;t believe the Earth is round, check out tonight #39;s lunar eclipse: It was enough to convince the ancient Greeks.
Commons leader Peter Hain is pelted with eggs and his aide punched during a pro-hunt demonstration in Oxford.
In a vote of confidence for BBDO Atlanta, the now-largest cell phone company Cingular Wireless will keep its business with the Atlanta advertising agency.
The battle lines between two leading wireless broadband technologies were drawn more clearly this week as the major proponents of each approach announced that a large hardware company had joined their camp.
Investors have grown increasingly anxious about how soaring energy costs might dent consumer spending ahead of the what is widely expected to be a chillier than normal winter.
There's no other outcome now: The Red Sox will either win the World Series or add another historic collapse to their legend.
 STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - The NCAA  Wednesday placed Mississippi State on probation for four years  because of football recruiting violations.
The sharemarket spurted ahead nearly 1 per cent in early business despite the Reserve Bank (RB) today raising interest rates for the sixth time this year.
If a handheld device doesn #39;t have voice capabilities, a growing number of users around the world aren #39;t interested, according to IDC.
Scientists cheered yesterday as the first detailed images emerged of Titan - the largest moon of Saturn - though they are still unsure whether its surface is liquid or solid.
1998: Wins Premiership with club-record 10 consecutive League wins. Arsenal equal Manchester United #39;s record of two Doubles when they beat Newcastle in the FA Cup final.
Beijing should not wait too long to complete venues for the 2008 Olympics, a top official from the International Olympic Committee said in the capital yesterday.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Baltimore Orioles reached terms Wednesday with first baseman Rafael Palmeiro on a one-year, \$3-million US contract.
Delta Air Lines' pilots union said late Wednesday it had reached a tentative agreement on concessions that could save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
YASSIR ARAFAT last night collapsed after his health deteriorated dramatically and he remained in a very difficult situation, Palestinian officials said.
An ex-deputy minister in Vietnam is tried with allegedly raping a young girl to change his bad luck.
More than 40 of wired Americans have used the net for information about the US election, a study finds.
Champions Werder Bremen hauled their title defence back on the rails with a superb 2-1 win at second-placed VfB Stuttgart on Wednesday night.
The kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan appeared in a new videotaped message last night, calling on Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq.
The Boston Red Sox have an unlikely fan in this World Series: Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman.
The chances of a child developing asthma or other allergies may largely be fixed by the time they are born, research suggests.
A militant group in Thailand has threatened to attack the capital of Bangkok to avenge the deaths of some 80 Muslims in the country #39;s southern region.
AP - In the tumult of the visitors' clubhouse at Yankee Stadium, champagne pouring all around him, Theo Epstein held a beer.
AP - New Jersey Devils coach Pat Burns says he's making good progress in his fight against colon cancer after finishing chemotherapy treatments this week.
Also: Nintendo threatens Suicidegirls over IP use.
Philippine soldiers have rushed food, drinking water and other supplies by foot and helicopters to provinces cut off by four storms in two weeks that have left more than 1,300 people dead or missing.
The increased spending on the military helped drive a sharp increase in profits at plane-maker Boeing and defence contractor Northrop Grumman during the third quarter.
Hollinger International has extended an olive branch to former chief executive Lord Black by offering him a share in the proceeds of the 665m sale of the Daily and Sunday Telegraph.
Delta Air Lines Inc., the third-largest US carrier, reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union on pay reductions, according to a statement by the union.
AP - Shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm IDC said Wednesday.
The University of Arizona in Tucson has a dozen faculty members and scores of graduate students who have spent hundreds of thousands of hours working on Cassini-related projects.
PRIME Minister John Howard has backed curfews and alcohol bans for Aboriginal communities where leaders want to put them in place.
The Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, was in a serious condition last night after a sharp deterioration in his health, Palestinian officials said.
Abbey National faces a high court challenge to its 9bn takeover by Banco Santander Central Hispano because of concerns about criminal charges faced by executives of the Spanish bank.
Gene Upshaw, the executive director of the National Football League Players Association, told the league #39;s ownership and management council Wednesday that the eight 
AP - Steve Francis scored 22 points, and the Orlando Magic rode an early double-figures lead to a 109-103 victory Wednesday night over the Miami Heat in the preseason finale for both.
Former major league general manager Bob Watson on Wednesday turns down the chance to be general manager of the Expos.
Marine Corps Marathon organizers have launched an unprecedented security effort in preparation for Sunday's 26.2-mile race.
Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis insists he is done talking about Terrell Owens and the deal that almost brought the wideout to Baltimore.
The cost of building a stadium and renovating RFK Stadium could be \$91 million more than city officials initially estimated, according to an analysis released Wednesday.
A five-game stretch of ACC games, which begins Thursday against Georgia Tech, should show how much the young Hokies have grown since August.
NFLPA head Gene Upshaw informs team owners on Wednesday during league meetings that the players want a larger percentage of local revenue streams.
A group of Marine wives are running for the family of a Marine Corps officer who was killed in Iraq.
Much of place kicker Nick Novak's success throughout his career can be attributed to mental preparation.
In the final full-field event of the season, several players are under pressure to finish well at the Chrysler Championship for a variety of reasons.
Amare Stoudemire had his contract extended Wednesday by the Phoenix Suns who exercised their fourth-year option on the contract.
General Manager Theo Epstein said the Red Sox want Pedro Martinez to return next season. Martinez is a free agent after the season.
Yasir Arafat #39;s uncertain health took a sharp turn for the worse on Wednesday night with an ambulance and medical teams summoned to his West Bank compound amid unconfirmed 
Chinese officials praised Secretary of State Colin L. Powell on Wednesday for warning Taiwan that it is not an independent nation and should not seek to become one.
Jim Leyland has indicated that he is interested in managing again. He just might not be interested in managing the Mets.
AP - Sao Caetano defender Serginho was taken to a hospital unconscious and in critical condition after collapsing during a Brazilian championship match Wednesday.
Delta reached a tentative agreement with its pilots' union Wednesday night on wage and benefit cuts, averting a threatened bankruptcy filing, at least for now.
BP, the only Western concern that owns a controlling share in a major Russian oil company, is hoping to avoid any direct conflict with the Kremlin.
PATTANI : Fifty aircraft scattered 120 million paper birds across southern Thailand on Sunday in a peace gesture marred by new killings in the troubled Muslim-majority region.
Fast bowler Glenn McGrath celebrated his 100th Test appearance by sparking India #39;s top-order collapse Wednesday as Australia took charge of the third Test.
China would punish intruders at embassies and schools according to the law, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Zhang Qiyue said Tuesday.
Sao Caetano defender Serginho was taken to a hospital unconscious and in critical condition after collapsing during a Brazilian championship match Wednesday.
Hollinger International confirmed in court papers that it is planning to distribute some of the proceeds from the sale of the Telegraph Group to shareholders, a move that 
Gene Upshaw, executive director of the NFL Players Association, told team owners Wednesday that the league #39;s 1,700 players should receive a larger share of the 
Las Vegas, NV (Sports Network) - Brian Grant had 22 points and Chris Mihm added 15, as the Los Angeles Lakers downed the Phoenix Suns, 111-103.
PHILIPPINES: The tides of mud carved a random trail of destruction through Philippine towns, robbing already impoverished residents of children, houses and hope.
The moon is partially covered by the shadow of the earth at approximately 9:14 pm EDT, as seen from Archer, Fla., Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Crude oil futures fell in New York, extending the biggest decline in five months yesterday, after a jump in US inventories eased concern about a winter shortage.
THE Australian dollar was trading stronger today as news of a takeover bid for Australian mining company WMC Resources supported the currency during morning trading.
Tony Blair admitted yesterday that British troops could be in the American-controlled area of Iraq for months, contradicting assurances from his Defence Secretary that 
The American Secretary of State, Colin Powell, has moved to assure Taiwan that US policy on the China/Taiwan relationship has not changed.
Web-based caller I.D. spoofing is back, and this time it's available to everyone.\
AP - Two moderate earthquakes hit eastern Taiwan on Thursday, the Central Weather Bureau said, but no damage or injuries were immediately reported.
AP - Former President Clinton may be out on the campaign trail, but he says he feels a bit detached "from the to and fro of the elections."
SHIRE Pharmaceuticals was yesterday celebrating approval from US regulators for the launch of its Fosrenol treatment for patients with kidney disease.
Celtic suffered their first defeat of the Scottish Premier League season on Wednesday when John Stewart grabbed a goal in injury time to complete a 3-2 win for Aberdeen.
AP - 1958  #151; Construction began on the new ballpark for the Giants in San Francisco. The rocks in the area resembled candlesticks.
Until Theo Epstein became the general manager of the Boston Red Sox two years ago, at 28, life had offered him little cause to believe in superstition.
Gene Upshaw, executive director of the players association, said the union was focused on dividing revenue more equitably.
Steve Spurrier informs Florida officials that he has an interest in returning to coach the University of Florida, ESPN.com reported Wednesday night.
Blogs are increasingly popular, and can have a dramatic effect on search engine positioning. How can you best take advantage of this new search marketing channel?
Google SMS started serving search results to mobile users in the US just a few days back. Now Yahoo! follows it with even more comprehensive feature set.
Australia's John Howard captures control of his country's Senate, giving him extensive legislative power.
Boston clinch the World Series title after beating St Louis 3-0 in the fourth game to win 4-0.
Reuters - Oil prices continued falling on\Thursday after an unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude\inventories spurred profit-taking from record highs.
MarketWatch, the owner of a leading financial news site, CBS MarketWatch, is soliciting bids expected to be as much as \$400 million for the company.
The Red Sox, the team that perfected heartbreak, silenced the Cardinals, 3-0, in Game 4 to win their first World Series since 1918.
NASA scientists, looking at the first close-up images of Titan, were able to peer through the atmosphere of the Saturn moon enough to see a checkered landscape under surprisingly clear skies.
A Russian-US crew returned to Earth from the international space station Sunday in a pinpoint landing on the Kazakhstan steppe, and NASA #39;s chief said the United States 
It is a pity that violence during and after Chelseas 1-0 Carling Cup third-round victory over West Ham at Stamford Bridge overshadowed yet another outstanding performance from Joe Cole.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has extended his contract at the English champions until May 2008. Wenger, 55, arrived at Highbury in 1996 and has led the London 
Captain Stephen Fleming completed his second test double century on Wednesday as New Zealand piled on the runs against Bangladesh.
Fifty new areas which will get special help in fighting anti-social behaviour are being named on Wednesday.
US manufacturers cranked out more goods in recent weeks, while auto dealers moved more vehicles off their lots and trucking companies tried to find enough drivers to keep up with growing demand.
A new study by the insurance industry says that the stability systems available in some cars and trucks can greatly reduce the likelihood of an accident.
Delta Air Line #39;s pilots negotiation committee last night reached a tentative cost-cutting agreement with the Atlanta-based airline.
Procter  amp; Gamble beat Unilever in the battle of the big name grocery brands for the three months to September, results released yesterday showed.
AP - Manny Ramirez owns a treasured spot in Red Sox lore  #151; the floppy-haired slugger is their first World Series MVP.
Oil prices continue to fall back from recent record highs, after a US report showed an unexpectedly large rise in crude stocks in America.
Hackers wouldn #39;t bother writing malicious code to infect the Macintosh unless those computers actually mattered. By Eric Hellweg.
Second seed Tim Henman put a magnesium deficiency behind him to move comfortably into the second round of the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel on Wednesday.
Iran #39;s supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round 
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - A methane blast in a mineshaft in  Russia's Siberia killed at least 10 people and injured 30 on  Thursday, a government spokesman said.
Fonterra is aiming for a significant share of the Australian dairy foods market, with a bid for one of Australia #39;s largest operators.
Sony Computer Entertainment #39;s (SCE) next generation handheld gaming device will go on sale in Japan on 12 December for RRP 19,800 (\$250).
Eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police at the Carling Cup soccer match between Chelsea and West Ham. Police in riot gear were confronted by the visiting West Ham supporters 
Weeping family members crowded outside a Thai military camp Wednesday, demanding information about 78 Muslim men who were crushed to death Monday after being arrested and forced onto army trucks.
Reuters - U.S. warplanes attacked the\rebel-held city of Falluja overnight, killing two people, a\witness said.
To hear Georgia Tech defense end Eric Henderson, it was just a matter of time before the Yellow Jackets defense became as stingy as it has been the last two games.
Starting Nov. 1, if there is no new contract, unionized workers will have to bear the cost of the increase in their health insurance premiums.
The Boston Red Sox won their first World Series title in 86 years, completing a four-game sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals with a 3-0 victory at Busch Stadium.
Chelsea assistant boss Steve Clarke confirmed that Mateja Kezman was hit by a missile from the crowd as football was shamed for the second time in 24 hours.
English Premiership strugglers West Brom are understood to have approached former Newcastle manager Sir Bobby Robson as they seek a replacement for Gary Megson.
In fact, when referee Mike Riley gave a penalty kick to United in the 73rd minute, he was clearly sold on a Wayne Rooney dive after a confrontation with Arsenal defender Sol Campbell.
Japan has made little progress contacting the kidnappers of one of its citizens or determining where the man is being held, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said.
Oil prices continued to fall on Thursday after an unexpectedly large increase in crude stocks in the US. A barrel of US light crude was down 96 cents to \$51.
Delta Air Lines Inc. took a giant step away from bankruptcy with a tentative agreement on contract concessions from its pilots. But details on the proposal reached Wednesday were withheld while it was reviewed 
known simply as Check 21 -oes into effect today and is expected to cut down the amount of time it takes for checks to clear the bank.
Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman was cut by a missile thrown from the crowd after scoring in last night #39;s 3-0 Carling Cup victory over West Ham.
Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, has taken the surprise step of urging the US to release stocks held in emergency reserves to calm the frantic crude market.
SYDNEY: Australian milk producer National Foods Ltd said today its board has unanimously rejected as too low a \$A1.62 billion (\$NZ1.
UK house prices fall by 0.4 in October, the Nationwide building society says, the biggest decline since February 2001.
DreamWorks, which created box office smash Shrek, raises \$812m from its flotation on the New York Stock Exchange.
Federal Reserve survey shows uncertainties over energy prices, global terrorism and the presidential election among reasons businesses continue to hold back on hiring, investment.
Japan's special envoy to Sri Lanka arrives in Colombo for talks on resuming the stalled peace process.
Singapore: Oil prices continued falling from record peaks in Asian trade Thursday after the United States reported a surge in crude oil inventories, dealers said.
Nearly two years to the day after the most contentious hearing in memory, a divided Securities and Exchange Commission clashed Tuesday over a new rule requiring hedge funds to register with the SEC.
Jason Gillespie captured five wickets as Australia bowled India out for a paltry 185 to take a commanding 213-run lead on the third day of the third test on Thursday.
AP - North Texas freshman Jamario Thomas is the nation's leading rusher thanks to speed, strength and vision.
Scientists are delighted, fascinated and thoroughly perplexed by the Cassini spacecraft's first close-up pictures of Titan, the smoggy giant moon of Saturn.
Researchers are working on the nose-mouse, and other unorthodox ways of moving a cursor.
Robust demand for military equipment and technology led four US defense companies to post higher quarterly profit on Wednesday, with jet maker Boeing Co.
The Boston Red Sox ended 86 years of futility and won their first crown of the World Series since 1918 on Wednesday when they defeated the St.
The 30-year-old player likely suffered cardiac arrest, doctor Marco Aurelio Cunha said. The official cause of death was not immediately released.
AP - Thomas Brown heard the doubters long before he arrived in Athens. In fact, some of the cynics were in his hometown.
The earthquake, which hit Romania and rattled Bulgaria late on Wednesday, has also been felt across portions of Turkey, Moldova and Ukraine, Turkey #39;s private NTV television reported.
Troubled US carrier Delta Air Lines has reached an outline cost cutting agreement with its pilots, a deal that could save it from bankruptcy.
Robust demand for military equipment and technology led two arms makers to post higher quarterly profit yesterday, with Boeing reporting a 78 percent jump in earnings despite a decline in commercial airplane revenue.
Search giant Google said Wednesday that it has acquired Keyhole, a company specializing in Web-based software that allows people to view satellite images from around the globe.
AP - State lawmakers who reconfigured congressional maps to benefit one party over another have drawn themselves into a corner in some House districts.
AP - Derek Lowe stood in the boisterous Boston clubhouse, a bottle of champagne in one hand, a cigar in the other.
AP - An explosion rocked the mayor's office in the southwestern French city of Bordeaux early Thursday. No one was injured.
TechWeb - Mandrakesoft releases the latest version of its Linux operating system.
Delta Air Lines #39; (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) pilots union said late Wednesday it had reached a tentative agreement with the airline on cost savings.
Oil futures prices sank nearly 5 percent yesterday, dropping below \$53 a barrel, as concerns about tight winter-fuel supplies eased, at least temporarily, and traders 
Propelled by another potent performance from its defense unit, Boeing announced third-quarter results yesterday that surpassed investors #39; expectations as profits climbed 78 percent from a year ago.
WASHINGTON A study finds vehicles equipped with stability control systems are less likely to be involved in fatal crashes. The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety says the systems, which automatically apply 
Stocks rose sharply yesterday, extending their rally for a second session as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed a buildup in crude inventories.
Capping a series of stinging audits of the Los Angeles city agency charged with revitalizing troubled neighborhoods, City Controller Laura Chick said Wednesday that she has turned 
STATS ChipPAC Ltd., the third-largest chip packaging firm, swung to a quarterly net loss and said it might remain in the red into 2005 
Medics, aides and family rush to the West Bank as fears grow for Yasser Arafat's health.
An e-mail Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer sent to customers around the world yesterday highlighted a new thrust in Microsoft #39;s campaign against Linux.
which now searches for books, news, images and products as well as Web sites -- its subtle little AdSense text ads are ubiquitous on the Net.
The embattled new EU Commission chief tells the BBC he might make several changes to his team.
The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the 
A two-year-old boy was rescued yesterday after surviving four days buried in a landslide from the powerful quake that ravaged northern Japan over the weekend.
Zimbabwean police expelled a South African trade union team early yesterday in defiance of a court order allowing them to stay until the afternoon, union officials said.
Three years after the fall of the Taliban, women remain subject to many legal, religious and cultural restrictions and domestic violence is endemic.
The new Band Aid version of  Do They Know It's Christmas? looks set to go straight to the top of the UK singles chart.
Courtney Love must stand trial for assault for assault after a court hears testimony from her alleged victim.
Delta Air Lines' pilots union said last night it had reached a tentative pact on concessions that could save the struggling carrier from bankruptcy.
Town Meeting on Monday decided that Maynard has more to gain than to lose by granting a tax break for a vacant technology park.
Singapore - Crude oil futures slid further on Thursday, as concerns over heating oil supplies ahead of a cold Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US crude stocks.
Elan Corp. PLC, Ireland #39;s largest pharmaceutical firm, reported widening third-quarter losses Thursday but predicted a return to profit in 2006.
Chelsea star Mateja Kezman was almost blinded when a coin was thrown at him as another London football match was plunged into violence.
Brendan Haywood of the Wizards was suspended for three games by the league for fighting during a preseason game against the Bulls.
Each week it #39;s about numbers. Numbers, numbers, numbers. Look at the opponent, analyze the numbers. This week is no different, but perhaps it should be.
MOSCOW - Russia #39;s upper house of Parliament on Wednesday ratified the Kyoto Protocol, sending it to President Vladimir Putin for the final stamp of approval.
US President George W. Bush, if he wins re-election in the Nov. 2 poll, is likely to tilt greatly in favor of Beijing over the issue of Taiwan.
Scientists have unearthed a new species of hobbit-sized humans that may have lived as recently as 12,000 years ago, sharing the earth alongside modern-day man.
Insurgents kill 21 Iraqis, mostly civilians working for the US military, in separate attacks across the country.
His torment lasted only 30 years, much less than most Red Sox fans', but unlike most, Theo Epstein actually did something about it.
MOSCOW - Russias military has postponed the launch of a new-generation space booster rocket scheduled for this week, the defence ministry said on Thursday.
The top brass at Arsenal Football Club and Manchester United Football Club have met in the wake of Sundays game at Old Trafford.
RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat joined morning prayers for the holy Muslim month of Ramadan on Thursday despite his poor health, Palestinian officials said.
AP - China plans to tear down a museum to restore the original appearance of its imperial palace in a sweeping renovation of the Forbidden City that will last until 2020, officials said on Thursday.
OutKast become the first act to be awarded a multi-platinum award for paid-for music downloads.
The FTSE 100 has raced higher, led by ICI after it issued an upbeat outlook and Shell as investors welcome its streamlined structure and robust results.
After having promised to file its revisions by the end of October, Nortel Networks Corp. said it would delay its long-awaited restatement for the second time.
Wednesday was a big day in the countdown to Super Bowl 2006, as the NFL came to Dearborn Wednesday to unveil the official logo for Detroits big event.
An eleventh hour face saving move by the President-Designate of the European Commission Jos Manuel Durao Barroso managed to diffuse an institutional crisis in the European Union yesterday.
AP - A car bomb exploded Thursday in southern Baghdad, killing a U.S. soldier and at least one Iraqi civilian, the U.S. military said.
Hordes of Bostonians, who can no longer be described as "long-suffering," celebrate the first World Series title in 86 years.
The Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Cos. said Thursday third quarter earnings doubled, and it unveiled plans for its two holding companies to merge.
Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan remained much of a mystery despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft. Pictures taken through the thick, hazy atmosphere as Cassini 
BELOW surely bellow, Ed. is the full text of Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s letter to his customers - we #39;re one by the way.
Local communities are often better at dealing with the effects of natural disasters than international aid agencies, a new report says.
Top seed Andre Agassi began the quest for his second title of year with a comfortable victory in the first round of the Stockholm Open.
Hosts Germany will open the 2006 World Cup in Munich on June 9, it was confirmed on Wednesday following a FIFA meeting in Zurich. German national coach Jurgen Klinsmann initially 
However, the decline is not as bad as analysts had expected, and the company raises its profit outlook. By Todd Zaun. TOKYO -- The Honda Motor Co.
AFP - A British tourist found dead in the Australian outback near its famed Ayers Rock may have died of heat exhaustion and exposure, police said.
Karachi - Leg-spinner Danish Kaneria dismissed Sri Lanka #39;s opening batsmen in the first session on Thursday to give Pakistan an early break in the second cricket Test.
A Paris-based pressure group condemns the intimidation of newspaper vendors in Ivory Coast.
The Football Association has started an investigation into crowd trouble at Chelsea #39;s League Cup match with West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday.
Star Wars: Battlefront is an absolute blast and one of the most immediately satisfying game offerings yet from George Lucas' stable.
AFP - A blast at a Siberian mine killed 13 men in the latest disaster to strike Russia's accident-prone industry that has been chronically short of funds following the Soviet collapse.
AFP - The eurozone economy is awash with excess liquidity and that could signal inflationary dangers ahead for the 12 countries that share the euro, official data showed.
WMC, the Australian mining firm, turns down a \$5.5bn bid from Swiss company Xstrata but says it is willing to hold talks on a deal.
Reuters - Three foreign election workers were\kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday,\government sources and election commission officials said.
 KABUL (Reuters) - Three foreign election workers were  kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday,  government officials said.
Changes are likely when the Tour de France route for 2005 is announced on Thursday.
Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell today said it would to scrap its twin board structure as it battles to restore confidence in the wake of its reserves crisis.
The action continued in after hours trading, where the company gained another US cent. The company saw stocks climb \$2.33 during the day, a 4.86 per cent increase.
Denver will host hordes of skaters, motocross riders and bikers next summer as one of five cities presenting the first Dew Action Sports Tour.
Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s comments this week on Taiwan have upset many on the island, but analysts believe he likely misspoke, and they note 
NASA investigators now have the most detailed pictures ever taken of Titan. But the images can't penetrate the mystery that surrounds the Saturnian moon. By Amit Asaravala.
The printer maker's courtroom setback may mean consumer electronics companies won't try to use the Digital Millennium Copyright Act as an all-purpose competition shield anymore. By Katie Dean.
On a remote Indonesian island, archeologists were astonished to discover a new, small human species that walked the earth just 18,000 years ago. By Kristen Philipkoski.
English elms could be descended from one tree brought here by Romans 2,000 years ago, scientists say.
\A team of astronomers steps up a project which one day could preserve the Earth from annihilation.
The restoration of a blind woman's sight using foetal tissues is likely to spark ethical debate, say scientists.
Shares in Royal Dutch/Shell have risen in Amsterdam and London, lifted by speculation that investors will increase their holdings in the stock to reflect its unified structure.
Acquires Keyhole Corp., for an undisclosed amount and cuts the product price by \$40 and further fueling its rivalry with Microsoft and Yahoo.
AP - Three foreign election workers were kidnapped Thursday in the Afghan capital, police and Western officials said.
Surfers that have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush all week can access the site through an alternative address.
Steve Ballmer, Microsoft #39;s CEO has emailed management and IT professionals in a fierce defence of Windows against Linux and Unix in the Enterprise.
Vijay Singh does not recall the PGA Tour being this strong, with a record five rookies winning this year. One of them, Ryan Palmer, held off the No.
China welcomed on Thursday Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto climate change protocol and urged countries that have not done so to follow suit.
Wrongheaded relief work may worsen the situation of disaster victims, warns the international Red Cross.
Crude oil futures slid Thursday to their lowest levels in more than two weeks as concerns over supplies ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased because of a rise in US inventories.
Automaker Volkswagen on Thursday reported a 65 percent drop in net profit from the same period a year ago amid fiercely competitive markets and difficult 
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Check Clearing Act for the 21st Century, or Check 21, goes into effect this Thursday without a visible hitch.
Steve Ballmer has attacked Linux vendors for failing to adequately indemnify customers against potential intellectual property legal actions.
A cloud of anticipation hung over Beantown last night and it had nothing to do with people waiting for the total eclipse of the moon.
Gary Megson is preparing to take legal action against West Bromwich Albion to end his contractual dispute with the club and clear the way for a new job.
LONDON, Oct 28 (SW) - The English Football Association has officially confirmed an investigation had been launched following incidents at Stamford Bride last night.
Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead a 10-year-old\Palestinian girl on Thursday as she was walking to school in a\refugee camp in the Gaza Strip, witnesses said.
MicroStrategy Inc.'s share price  soared 31 percent yesterday, the day after the McLean software company posted better-than-expected third-quarter earnings.
On Wednesday, Delta pilots agreed on cost saving plan of the company as Delta Air Lines is trying to avoid possible filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
The US economy grew in September and early October despite being restrained by rising energy costs and increased uncertainty over the presidential campaign, the Federal Reserve said Wednesday.
Australian nickel and copper miner WMC Resources has turned down an offer from Swiss-based Xstrata that valued the company at Aust.
Thats when you can get yours and how much you would pay. That is if you live in Japan. Sony today announced the release date and price for its new portable game system.
Amateur stargazers who stayed up late into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon.
Hip-hip duo OutKast have taken top honours as the recording industry handed out its first awards for music sold through Internet-music services like Apple Computer Inc.
Opener Justin Langer has been dismissed after the tea break but Australia have already built a big lead over India on day three of the third Test in Nagpur.
When the NBA preseason mercifully came to a conclusion Wednesday night for the Orlando Magic, fiery point guard Steve Francis had a pointed message for the rival Miami Heat: The Magic 
The Federation Council, the upper chamber of the Russian parliament, has ratified the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, which was signed by Russia in 1997.
A Federal Reserve report painted a generally positive picture of an expanding economy Wednesday, while noting that in some regions, including California and neighboring states,  quot;growth had moderated somewhat.
Japanese officials tried Thursday to contact the Iraqi militants holding a Japanese hostage, as the 48-hour deadline for his threatened execution approached.
The alleged leader of Southeast Asia #39;s most dangerous Islamic militant group has gone on trial in Indonesia charged with terrorist offenses that carry the death penalty.
A record number of university applications have been cancelled because students presented fake qualifications.
Reuters - Manny Ramirez completed a perfect day\Wednesday by being named the Most Valuable Player of the 2004\World Series.
USATODAY.com - This could be the year that gridlock steals Christmas.
AP - Red Sox fans waited 85 years to celebrate this moment. After so many disappointing Octobers, it was finally Boston's turn to enjoy a World Series victory.
Leeds United, forced to sell their best players to stay afloat financially in last season #39;s doomed relegation fight, could have new owners in the next 24 hours.
Two new Internet domain names - ".post" and ".travel" - could appear online as early as next year as the Internet's key oversight board announced preliminary approval on Wednesday.
Shipments of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, the research firm IDC said Wednesday.
The hip-hip duo took top honors Wednesday as the recording industry handed out its first awards for music sold through Internet-music services like Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Raytheon Co. reported a third-quarter  net profit on Thursday after a loss in the year-ago quarter.
Former Hollinger International boss Lord Black reaches a deal with the media group over windfalls from the sale of Telegraph newspapers.
Sri Lanka complains after monks were made to disrobe during an anthrax scare at the Canadian High Commission.
AP - An armed group claimed in a video Thursday to have obtained a large amount of explosives missing from a munitions depot facility in Iraq and threatened to use them against foreign troops.
Orders to US factories for big-ticket durable goods edged up in September while sales of new homes raced to the third-highest monthly level on record.
Web-surfers outside the US have been blocked from visiting the official George W. Bush campaign website. UK-based internet monitoring firm Netcraft first noticed the blockage Monday morning.
Yahoo has sprung a surprise in the Internet world with its new offering: Yahoo search engine on mobile. With this mobile users can access yahoo search with their mobile phones.
Amateur stargazers who stayed up into the early hours today were rewarded with fleeting glimpses of a total eclipse of the moon. Bad weather had threatened to obscure 
Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window:  quot;.post quot; to identify the postal community and  quot;.
The Ministry of Defence said it will save 600m over 10 years with a joint personnel administration system to serve all UK armed forces to be built by global IT services giant EDS.
: Rookie bowler Riaz Afridi, grabbed two wickets as Pakistan made Sri Lanka struggle for runs on the first day of the second cricket Test today.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared 
President Olusegun Obasajo of Nigeria has challenged Anglican bishops meeting in Nigeria to provide courageous and godly leadership in matters of faith and moral conduct.
If current plans succeed, travelers' facial and fingerprint data will be stored on embedded chips.
An international team of astronomers has identified the surviving companion star to the 1572 supernova explosion witnessed by the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe.
Reuters - The latest scheme to spread\electric light in Africa may sound familiar, but this time\African leaders say they have the will, and financial backing,\to succeed.
Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window: ".post" to identify the postal community and ".travel" for travel industry associations and organizations.
ATLANTA -- New federal laws take effect Thursday that could dramatically shorten the time it takes for a check to clear the bank because the information will now be transmitted electronically.
Huddled around telescopes and bundled up in sweatshirts and stocking caps, Salinas High School students moon-gazed Wednesday night.
SAP America Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. are collaborating on a hosted enterprise resource planning software service for midsize companies in specific vertical markets.
Although the United States is experiencing a shortage of flu vaccines this fall, don't be so eager for one that you're duped into purchasing it online.
The transfer of technological innovations from the campus to the capitalist marketplace has been a financial windfall for many schools.
Pubs and hotels group Whitbread today unveiled an 800 million asset disposal programme and plans to quit its London head office.
Opinion: A decision to continue charging for server software based on CPUs and not cores will make Microsoft server software a much more attractive alternative to utility computing providers.
England #39;s Simon Khan, runner-up to Sergio Garcia in Majorca two weeks ago, made a horror start to his first Volvo Masters at Valderrama today.
Rescue efforts at a Siberian mine after an explosion Thursday morning are over, and the bodies of all the 13 dead have been recovered.
China says it welcomes Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol that aims to stem global warming by reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.
The studied casualness with which Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf presented his big idea on Kashmir this week has not been able to hide its innovative and indeed revolutionary 
Verizon (VZ:NYSE - news - research) Thursday posted a solid quarter as its wireless operation continues to pick up steam. For its third quarter ended Sept.
British drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline PLC reported a 9 percent drop in third-quarter earnings Thursday, citing stiff competition from generic drug makers.
The Cassini flyby of Titan sent back the most detailed surface images, but the 1000 kilometer cloud formation near the south pole has scientists stumped.
The expansion of the iTunes Music Store to nine more countries in Europe means that Apple now reaches almost 70 per cent of the global music market, according to Apple VP Eddy Cue, but Apple 
Moving ever closer to its dream of being able to catalogue almost everything in the world, Google Inc. has just bought digital map-maker, Keyhole Corp.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has again argued the case that open source is not necessarily cheaper, nor more secure than its proprietary counterpart.
All 12 members of Europe #39;s victorious Ryder Cup team were due to be in action at the Volvo Masters which started in Valderrama, Spain, today.
Determined to finish second in the 2004 Constructors #39; Championship, the French team replaced Jarno Trulli with Villeneuve prior to the Chinese GP.
Like others through New England, Boston Red Sox fans in Maine erupted in celebration following their team #39;s first World Series championship in 86 years.
With his record six victories, Lance Armstrong has proved he can win the Tour de France over any course. Thursday organizers unveiled a 2005 route that suits his rivals rather than the American.
AP - With voters jamming phone lines saying they haven't received absentee ballots in the mail, elections officials planned to mail out thousands of replacement ballots.
The new group, to be called Royal Dutch Shell, will be headquartered in the Netherlands with a single board, chairman and chief executive.
China increases its interest rates for the first time since 1995, a move widely seen as a further attempt to prevent its economy from over-heating.
South African civilians own more guns than the police and military combined, a study finds.
Algeria takes custody of one of its most wanted terror suspects, handed over by Libya, the government says.
LONDON : Royal Dutch/Shell announced radical plans to merge its separate holding companies in an overhaul of its corporate governance structures after a review triggered by its oil reserves scandal.
A new law that takes effect today will shorten the time a check takes to clear -- and muddy the finances of check writers who rely on the  quot;float.
Coca-Cola Enterprises said its profits fell more than 20 percent in the third quarter, thanks in part to soft retail sales in North America.
China on Thursday announced it would hike interest rates for most deposits and loans by 0.27 percentage points, the first rise in nine years.
In a deal that could give a boost to local search marketing, search engine giant Google said yesterday it acquired Keyhole Corp., which sells online satellite maps.
CHITTAGONG: A double century from Stephen Fleming placed New Zealand in a prime position heading into the third day of the second cricket test against Bangladesh tonight.
ARSENAL AND Manchester United held boardroom  quot;peace talks quot; last night in a bid to calm the war between the two Premiership giants.
Teenage striker Valeri Bojinov reaffirmed his growing reputation on Wednesday with two goals as Lecce snatched a 2-2 draw with Inter Milan.
TOKYO, Japan -- Rescuers are trying to free a young girl trapped in a van beneath a landslide following Japan #39;s deadliest earthquake in a decade.
The Russian involvement in helping disperse Saddams weapons, including some 380 tons of RDX and HMX is still being investigated, Shaw said.
Some consumer advocates are worried new check regulations that go into effect today will catch consumers by surprise. Checks will now be cleared electronically, reducing the amount of time 
AP - Russia angrily denied allegations Thursday that Russian forces had smuggled a cache of high explosives out of Iraq prior to the U.S. invasion in March 2003.
Chittagong - Spin bowler Daniel Vettori claimed 10 wickets to guide New Zealand to the verge of victory on Thursday in the second Test against Bangladesh.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks rallied sharply Wednesday for the second consecutive session.
China on Thursday announced it will raise interest rates for one-year loans by 0.27 percentage points to 5.58, the first increase in more than nine years.
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
ONCE again today the talk in football circles south of the border is all about mayhem among fans as English football suffered another night of shame.
Ziff Davis - SAP and HP are offering a hosted enterprise resource planning application service to go after midsize companies that are taking their business to competing applications subcription services.
A POLISH-Iraqi woman has been kidnapped in Baghdad, the Iraqi interior ministry confirmed after Arab television station Al-Jazeera broadcast a videotape of the hostage.
Prime Minister John Howard has won control of both the upper and lower houses of parliament, clearing the way for the conservative leader to push through reforms including relaxing media ownership laws.
Three Iraqi witnesses and a security chief said that looters stormed Al Qaqaa just days after U.S. troops swept through on their way to Baghdad in early April 2003.
Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, had a seventh consecutive decline in quarterly profit on higher sales incentives and the strength of the euro versus the dollar.
The earthquake, which occurred in Romania last night, measuring 6.2 on the Richter Scale, was also felt in Turkey. First reports say nobody was killed or injured in the earthquake.
USATODAY.com - Google Desktop Search a cinch; superb though not perfect.
Reuters - The dollar fell in choppy trade on\Thursday as traders tried to sort out what a surprise interest\rate hike from China meant for currencies.
AFP - Major Japanese electronics makers posted higher profits in the six months to September but reported mixed forecasts for the year to March on uncertain US economic prospects and high energy costs.
The economy continued to strengthen in September and early October in the Great Plains and Rocky Mountain regions covered by the Tenth Federal Reserve District, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City said Wednesday.
China has raised its core interest rates for the first time in nine years, as the country #39;s central bank moves to rein in the booming economy.
Riding the tail of a shark, DreamWorks Animation Inc. arrives on Wall Street today in the most high-profile entertainment company initial public offering in years.
Keyhole maintains a multi-terabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots.
Australian tennis player Wayne Arthurs has lost his first round match at the Stockholm Open, losing in three sets to Swedish veteran Jonas Bjorkman.
Leeds United called a board meeting Thursday to consider a 25-million-pound (\$55.7 million Cdn) takeover by a British-American consortium.
A Polish woman has been abducted in Iraq, according to a videotaped message by Iraqi extremists. The tape was aired by al-Jazeera on Thursday.
A militant group has abducted 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard, said a statement posted on the group #39;s website on Tuesday.
At least six Britons are believed to have died in a crash in Jordan near the ancient city of Petra.
AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series.
ATLANTA - Let there be no doubt: The Auburn football team is the undisputed champion of the Southeastern Conference. And let it be written that Jason Campbell made it so.
The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos.
Newcastle scientists urge the EU to ban fishermen catching fish which are later thrown back into the sea.
AP - The mayor says San Francisco plans to rapidly expand its free wireless Internet access program and will soon make free computers available at housing projects and community centers.
AP - Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.com?
AFP - A person with dual British-Irish nationality was one of three UN election workers kidnapped in Afghanistan, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said.
In its first close encounter with Titan, a planet-sized moon of Saturn, the Cassini spacecraft has given scientists intriguing glimpses of an alien world with fewer clouds than expected 
JOHN Howard yesterday ended 8 years of Coalition frustration by winning outright control of the Senate. His breakthrough came after Nationals candidate Barnaby Joyce 
AP - Former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when he died after leading police on a highway chase, authorities said.
AFP - Twelve people, including nine British tourists, were killed when their bus overturned and crashed into a truck near the ancient city of Petra, a Jordanian official said.
Martin ONeill today warned the Celtic supporters to expect the Bank of Scotland Premier League champions to lose more points this season than in the past.
The National Party leader in the Senate says his party will have more influence now it has delivered the Coalition a majority in the Senate.
The bodies of 14 Bangladeshi fishermen are found locked in the ice hold of their trawler in a suspected pirate attack.
Accounting scandal continues to drag out as company once again delays reporting results for first half of 2004 and all of 2003.
SHARES in WMC Resources surged 36 per cent yesterday after it revealed it had become a takeover target for Swiss mining giant Xstrata.
Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Edwards\wasn't born a millionaire, and he doesn't let voters forget\that.
AP - Wally Backman pulled out of the New York Mets' managerial hunt to focus on his bid to get a job with the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Exxon Mobil becomes the latest oil firm to report surging profits, driven by crude's recent record-breaking climb.
A tentative \$1 billion agreement reached by Delta Air Lines and its pilots union late Wednesday seemed to come at a painful, but practical cost.
Before Game 4 of the World Series, Tim Wakefield was asked what Boston would be like if its Red Sox finally won a world championship.
Former NFL player Justin Strzelczyk did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when he died after leading police on a highway chase, authorities said.
BRITAIN was bracing itself for another hostage outrage in Iraq as a harrowing video of the Care International worker Margaret Hassan was released.
A new variant of the Zafi virus attacks Google, Microsoft, and the Hungarian Prime Minister
Cell phone maker flags defects in three product lines. The recall follows a rash of flaming or exploding devices.
Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.
Zimbabwe police arrested an opposition MP as he tried to flee the country on Thursday to escape a one year jail term for assaulting the justice minister during a parliamentary debate over land seizures.
Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. China #39;s largest carmaker, yesterday reached a final contract with creditors of Ssangyong Motor Co.
Washington, Oct. 28 (NNN): Since Monday morning, surfers outside the US have been barred from visiting the official re-election site of President George Walker Bush.
Internet users may soon see two new domain name suffixes in their browser window:  quot;.post quot; to identify the postal community and  quot;.
FOR the first time in 86 years, there was no last-minute home run and no fielding error to break the hearts of the Boston Red Sox fans.
Nagpur - Simon Katich fell one run short of his century on Thursday as Australia moved toward a third Test win and their first series triumph on Indian soil in 35 years.
Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein revealed he hoped Arsene Wenger would stay at the club for life after the manager agreed to extend his stay at Highbury.
Spain #39;s Jose Manuel Lara was the latest to be stung into action on the European Tour after another wasp struck -- this time at the Volvo Masters.
PC World - Net overseer moves toward approving industry-specific.post,.travel.
Reuters - Andhra Pradesh plans to send hundreds of farmers to east Africa to cultivate farmland in countries such as Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda, officials said on Thursday.
China #39;s hike in interest rates was a double-edged sword for many investors and economists. At one level, it suggested that Chinese growth is 
The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos. \
Survey of U.S. and European companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
President Bush and Sen. John Kerry's positions on the issue are closer than anticipated.
Flaws in media players could automatically download malicious code, let hackers in.
The Auburn Hills-based Chrysler Group made a profit of \$269 million in the third quarter, even though worldwide sales and revenues declined, contributing to a \$1.
Less than one week before the US presidential election, incumbent George W. Bush is denying access to potential voters who access his campaign website from foreign locations.
MySQL AB has made version 4.1 of its database software available to the public after months of testing customer production deployments.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has won parliamentary endorsement of a plan to remove all 8,000 Israeli settlers and the troops who protect them from the Gaza Strip.
Budget airline Ryanair puts 4m euros into an account, in order to repay illegal subsidies should it lose a European court case.
Free safety Sean Taylor was arrested by Virginia State Police on Thursday and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and refusing to take the alcohol breath test.
Washington's new Major League Baseball franchise, the former Montreal Expos, is tentatively scheduled to play its first game in the District on April 15 against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
AP - Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor was arrested early Wednesday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing a breathalyzer test.
A federal law known as Check 21 takes effect Thursday, and whether that #39;s cause for celebration or commiseration is a matter of much debate.
Oil giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history today when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies. Shell said scrapping its twin-board structure 
AP - Forwards Lonny Baxter and Donnell Harvey were cut Thursday by Atlanta, reducing the Hawks' roster to 15 players.
This article discusses current trends in penetration testing for web application security, and in particular discusses a framework for selecting the best tool or tools to use for these increasingly common type of application.
McAfee VirusScan Online will come bundled with AOL 9.0 Security Edition.
Reuters - The Cleveland Cavaliers\Thursday picked up the team's 2005-06 contract option on\forward Drew Gooden.
Reuters - An explosion hit the Marriott Hotel\in central Islamabad on Thursday, causing several casualties,\witnesses said.
The bid-rigging case against Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. likely will be settled for at least \$500 million, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday.
Sao Caetano defender Serginho collapsed on the field after suffering an apparent cardio-respiratory arrest during the Brazilian championship match against Sao Paulo on Wednesday.
Leeds United have asked for proof of funding after considering a 25 million takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury. The Leeds board met this afternoon to discuss a proposed deal from a British-American 
Three foreign election workers were kidnapped by armed men in the Afghan capital Kabul on Thursday, government officials said. The workers were from Britain, the Philippines and Kosovo, the 
PC World - McAfee VirusScan Online will come bundled with AOL 9.0 Security Edition.
Both candidates are making their final blitzes through several swing states in the waning hours of the campaign, delivering punchier and sharper critiques.
PC World - MP3 Photo Jukebox features 1.6-inch color LCD and 4GB of storage.
Shares in Dreamworks Animation, the creators of Shrek and Shark Tale, jump 30 on their first day of trading. 
The firm attributes the overall decline to falling shipments from PalmOne and to the withdrawal of Sony and Toshiba from the U.S. market.
Company's \$185 machine will debut in India, Mexico and Caribbean and feature browser, e-mail and word processor.
The PC maker is coming out with its own hard-drive-based MP3 player--a miniature unit that displays color photos. \
Yahoo Inc. has followed Google into the mobile-search arena, launching a service that allows wireless users to query its search engine over their handsets.
Intel, IBM and NTT DoCoMo have launched a security technology for mobile devices which they claim will bolster m-commerce services.
Bob Watson has taken his name off the list of potential general manager candidates for the Washington baseball club. Watson says he met with Major League Baseball president Robert DuPuy on Wednesday and declined 
AFP - India announced the creation of a national Internet service hub to connect all service providers and boost web traffic in the country of one billion people.
A million people have listened to internet repeats of Douglas Adams' Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the BBC says.
Survey of U.S. and European companies finds that less than half consider outsourcing financial functions to be cost effective.
Leeds United #39;s board have asked for proof of funding after considering a 25million takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury.
An official inquiry has been launched into the deaths of 13 miners in an explosion at a pit near Russia #39;s border with Mongolia.
President Olusegun Obasanjo has praised Anglican bishops from Africa for what he called their principled stand against homosexuality.
Reuters - Washington Redskins rookie\safety Sean Taylor was arrested on charges of driving under the\influence of alcohol and also refusing to take a breathalyzer\test.
PC World - Smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006.
AP - A long-serving member of Deutsche Bank AG's supervisory board announced he was quitting Thursday in a dispute over strategy, Germany's biggest bank said.
AP - Magnus Norman retired from tennis Thursday because of hip and knee injuries after a career in which he reached No. 2 in the rankings and was the 2000 French Open runner-up.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's the apparent absence of any bitterness or anger that makes Steven Truscott remarkable, his supporters say.
 STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Sweden's former French Open finalist  Magnus Norman announced his retirement Friday, citing a string  of injuries for his decision.
Doctors were arriving from Arab countries to treat the ailing Yasir Arafat at his West Bank compound today, though associates said his condition was stable.
AP - The five candidates vying to unseat Democratic Rep. Sam Farr of California have little in common  #151; except their office address and the likelihood they will lose.
The government of the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh considers plans to send farmers to East Africa.
The research firm cites a decline in shipments from PalmOne and the withdrawal of Sony from the U.S. market.
roundup \Gateway switches on a combo music-photo device two days after Apple debuts its own image-ready iPod.
Smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006. 
MySQL AB, developer of the world #39;s most popular open source database, today announced the general availability of MySQL 4.1.
Bob Watson does not want to be the Washington baseball team #39;s interim general manager, despite the efforts of Major League Baseball officials to convince him to take the job.
Tony Blair will tomorrow join other European Union leaders in Rome amid the growing crisis over the appointment of a new Brussels Commission.
AP - Jason Kidd was cleared for individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the Nets' season.
CNN said Thursday it will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt to compete with CNBC after nine years.
If USC was going to have an off day in special teams play, fans would be quick to predict it would be their third-year kicker as the culprit.
CNNfn, the financial news cable network owned by Time Warner Inc., said Thursday it will cease business operations by mid-December due to growing competitive challenges.
The Georgia Dome was a sea of orange Saturday night, thanks to the school pride being donned by fans of both Auburn and Tennessee.
When I recently called up my local DSL provider, there was no doubt about the location of the person at the other end of the line. Offshoring blog
ARLINGTON, Va. -- Bankrupt US Airways says it lost \$232 million dollars July through September, more than twice as much as a year ago.
Viacom Inc., the third-largest US media company, said third-quarter profit from continuing operations rose 12 percent, boosted by advertising gains at CBS and MTV.
The PlayStation Portable, or PSP, goes on sale in Japan on December 12th. Prices for the United States and Europe are still undecided, although overseas sales are 
British second seed Tim Henman came through an unexpectedly tough second round match with South Africa #39;s Wesley Moodie to reach the quarterfinals of the Swiss Indoors tournament Thursday.
The American army killed three persons today at dawn in a raid launched by its warplanes against al-Golan quarters in Falluja to the west of Baghdad.
Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said Thursday his country would not enter into negotiations with the kidnappers of a Polish woman in Iraq.
An Islamic militant group has claimed on its website to have killed 11 Iraqi national guardsmen it kidnapped near Baghdad last week.
For some the Carling Cup is a dull and meaningless sideshow during the English football season and there would be no tears if it was scrapped off the calendar.
Press conference day. The cameras line up and point at Terrell Owens and there Owens sits with a smile on his face, baseball cap on backwards with terrellowens.
DARTMOUTH, NS (CP) - Hockey legend Guy Lafleur believes the National Hockey League should declare bankruptcy and start over again.
Novell, responding to Steve Ballmer #39;s latest attack on Linux, is accusing Microsoft of selectively using biased reports to back up its claims.
Ramallah, West Bank: Ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to fly to France from his West Bank headquarters to treat what doctors have described as a potentially fatal blood disorder.
The brewery, struggling with domestic weakness, falls short of its earnings target.
Cardinal Health took a major step toward rehabilitating itself with the release of its 10-K.
Wireless revenues make up for lackluster landlines, but the industry at large is still on hold.
An unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares tumbling.
Workers at Delta Air Lines breathed a sigh of relief Thursday after hearing the news the airline #39;s pilots union agreed to \$1 billion in wage and benefits concessions.
The two new names reflect a bit of a shift in the naming structure, since they are designed for specific business or interest groups.
Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling will accompany President George W. Bush to his campaign stops in Manchester and Portsmouth on Friday.
Britain #39;s Tim Henman had to work hard before overcoming South African Wesley Moodie in the second round of the Swiss Indoors in Basle.
Photo released Thursday, Oct. 28, 2004 by the Fairfax County, Va. Police Department of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor who was arrested Thursday on charges of driving under the influence and refusing 
Scientists examining pictures sent back from the Cassini spacecraft think they may be closer to showing there is liquid on Saturn's moon Titan.
Microsoft Windows users need to watch out for several flaws in non-Microsoft media players.
Once more, the eighteenth race of the season provided a perfect illustration of the young Spaniards tenacity and never-say-die spirit. Heres how
Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative pilot deal on concessions and much-needed breathing room. But it has not detailed the progress of its key debt restructuring efforts.
Stocks extended their rally for a second session Wednesday as investors expressed relief over plummeting oil prices following a government report that showed a build in crude inventories.
Yahoo #39;s new Mobile Internet service lets users obtain localized search results on specific businesses, access maps, and make calls from the results page.
LONDON - Japanese mobile operator NTT DoCoMo, Intel and IBM have started promoting a jointly developed specification for increasing the security of mobile commerce applications.
It looks like the Ghost of the Babe can now sleep forever. Last night the Boston Red Sox fully exorcized The Curse of the Bambino.
A Zimbabwe opposition MP who assaulted a minister in parliament has been arrested trying to leave the country. A parliamentary committee recommended on Wednesday that Roy Bennett be jailed for a year after 
AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo reached the quarterfinals of the Generali Ladies Open by beating Polish teenager Marta Domachovska 6-4, 6-0 Thursday.
the steepest one-week plunge since the post September 11 period -- caught energy market observers by surprise. Speculators, who 
 CHICAGO (Sports Network) - Chicago White Sox slugger Frank  Thomas will remain with the team for 2005 after he exercised an  \$8 million option in his contract.
No. 5 automaker hurt by slow Mercedes sales, but Chrysler remains steady.
A massive gold producer makes money off of oil, copper, and a global distrust of the dollar.
Big copper has provided big results, but what's next for the share price?
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on Thursday announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.
Also: Get your Ashlee Simpson karaoke iPod.
Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative pilot deal on concessions and much-needed breathing room, but hasn #39;t detailed the progress of its crucial debt restructuring efforts.
CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
Marvel issues its 2005 guidance and offers an impressive list of projects for 2006.
Freddie Mac said Thursday that 30-year mortgages have dropped to the lowest level since April 1, providing more of a boost to the housing industry.
Printer makers can #39;t be very happy, as Lexmark has just lost what could have been a landmark case for its profits and the future of printer ink cartridges.
Eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police during Chelsea #39;s 1-0 win over West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night.
Insurgents slaughtered 11 Iraqi soldiers, beheading one, then shooting the others execution-style, and declared on an Islamic militant Web 
British drug maker Glaxo sees increased generic competition for its anti-depressant drugs.
A Singaporean IT products distributor is introducing radio tags to track inventory and delivery.
A small bite of Apple has become a mouthful--the iPod has helped the stock double since January.
Although earnings met expectations, the restaurant's comps and Q4 outlook are lacking.
Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (SAIC), the biggest saloon car producer in China, signed here contract with creditors of South Korean Ssangyong Motor Co.
A common condition affecting fertility in women may be linked to migraine, new research reveals. The work could also help scientists understand the origins of migraine.
The US Federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday that Lexmark cannot prevent Static Control Components from manufacturing printer toner cartridges that operate with 
A judge on Thursday ruled that a former Baylor basketball player charged with gunning down his teammate is incompetent to stand trial.
A powerful explosion rocked the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad, Pakistan, Thursday, the BBC reported. The number of casualties was not yet known, but a BBC correspondent 
AP - Defense officials have authorized the release of a majority of the 22 Chinese Muslims being held at the Guantanamo Bay naval base, the State Department said Thursday.
In Meta Group study, nearly half of managers surveyed predict offshore outsourcing will decline if Kerry elected.
A renegade supplier may have flooded U.S. market with up to a million bogus batteries.
AP - Dorsey Levens was ready to call it a career. He barely played last year with the Giants and there was little demand for a 34-year-old backup.
Delta #39;s pilots union said today that it has tentatively agreed to the full \$1 billion in wage and benefit reductions the airline said it needs to help it avoid bankruptcy.
US interest rates would rise and the dollar would fall if Asian central banks slowed their recent heavy purchases of US assets, the New York Federal Reserve warned in a report on Thursday.
Crude oil futures prices dropped below \$51 a barrel on Thursday as supply concerns ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased after an unexpectedly high rise in US inventories.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Andre Agassi had little trouble reaching the Stockholm Open quarterfinals, beating Jonas Bjorkman 6-3, 6-4 Thursday.
THE Leeds United board today demanded proof of funding after considering a  amp;pound25 million (\$61.58m) takeover deal headed by Sebastian Sainsbury.
You know, it has not ceased to amuse me watching the various search engines fall over themselves and each other, in their march towards offering  #39;local search.
The United Nations is closely following the situation in the West Bank city of Ramallah, where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is reportedly ill, a UN spokesman said Thursday.
ProLiant ML150 G2 offers a Xeon chip or two for small and medium-sized businesses.
The recording industry on Thursday filed another round of copyright infringement lawsuits against people it said were illegally distributing songs over the Internet.
Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso says he will make changes in his proposed commission, one day after withdrawing his slate in the face of a likely European Parliament veto.
The State Department says it hopes the US military airlift of more African Union peacekeepers into Sudan #39;s Darfur region will help end continuing violence there.
AP - Packers offensive coordinator Tom Rossley says he's fine with his reduced role after being been stripped of his play-calling duties for health reasons.
Sony Corp. on Thursday reported a big boost in profits in the second quarter, due to the success of box office hit  quot;Spider-Man 2. quot;.
Given that we #39;re in the final days before a big election, Steve Ballmer could have picked a quieter time to do his campaigning.
Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
German scientists, sifting through dust on the ocean #39;s floor, have discovered stardust that may have helped initiate human evolution.
Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II on Thursday pledged efforts to help release the Japanese hostage in Iraq as soon as possible, Jordanian TV reported.
The move is expected to dampen prospects for a long list of companies that have focused on taking advantage of the Chinese market.
AP - The South Dakota race that will determine whether Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle stays on Capitol Hill is the costliest congressional election so far this year.
A decline in Yasser Arafat's health puts focus on future leadership.
The US hopes a hard strike on the city will send a message to Iraqi militants, nationwide.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf this week urged steps to end the bitter dispute.
reporter's notebook Concerned about coverage? It's a good thing you didn't go to CTIA; people there were busy playing "Swordfish."
SBC Communications unveiled a \$19.95 price for its DSL service, but only if customers buy a wire line phone service for \$48.95.
PC maker sees potential profit at the end of the tunnel, boosted by new sales strategy.
Oracle plans to finally ship its E-Business Suite 11i.10 on Nov. 8, company executives said today.
AP - The Carolina Panthers waived special teams standout Jarrod Cooper on Thursday after police issued an arrest warrant alleging he gave false information to an officer.
AP - The Cleveland Cavaliers picked up Drew Gooden's contract option for 2005-06, hoping the forward will take the spot vacated by departed free agent Carlos Boozer.
The International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers is planning to work with software publishers next year to help simplify the language in software contracts, says President Barbara Rembiesa.
Although revenue slipped during the past quarter, rising software license sales and higher earnings have i2 Technologies Inc. officials hopeful about the future.
Dell offers to install its PCs, televisions and networks, and provide extra phone support for stopping viruses and spyware.
The public school system in Toledo, Ohio, is eyeing the resurrection of a \$4.3 million PeopleSoft accounting and HR software installation abandoned five years ago.
For the third straight quarter, shipments of handheld devices fell as some prominent vendors decided to pull back from the market, according to research firm IDC.
update Gateway on Thursday posted a narrower third-quarter loss, helped by cost cuts and an increase in PC unit shipments, that could allow it to climb ever closer to turning a profit.
Alliance Capital Management Holdings LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest US money managers, on Thursday said its profit rose in the third quarter 
Avery Johnson is retiring as a player to focus on his new role as Don Nelson #39;s lead assistant, league sources told ESPN.com #39;s Marc Stein.
Within hours of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf #39;s dramatic proposal this Monday to demilitarize the disputed region of Kashmir, both India and Pakistan demurred.
washingtonpost.com - Federal authorities have arrested 28 individuals accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Asset management company Federated Investors Inc. on Thursday said it will buy Alliance Capital Management Holding LP #39;s cash management business.
Australian golfer Peter O #39;Malley is two shots off the pace after the first round of the European Tour event in Valderrama, Spain.
AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 160 foreigners. Those held are:
Russian oil giant Lukoil Holdings is planning a \$1 billion joint investment with Venezuela's state-run oil company, a top Lukoil official said Thursday.
washingtonpost.com - Law enforcement authorities have arrested 28 individuals accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Gateway (GTW:NYSE - news - research) narrowed its loss and beat Wall Street #39;s bottom-line expectations for the quarter ending in September.
Yahoo has launched a mobile version of its Web, image and local search offerings in a move that creates a new, wireless battlefield in the search engine wars.
Nintendo is hoping to retain its dominance of the portable game market with the launch of wireless Nintendo DS, a hand-held double-screen console.
Chip company Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Thursday rolled out a low-cost Internet device aimed at underserved markets around the world.
The Recording Industry Association of America filed the copyright infringement suits against 750 computer users across the country -- including 25 university students.
A man in Los Angeles filed a class action suit against US software giant Microsoft Wednesday, claiming that the company manufactured and sold thousands of defective Xbox video game systems.
London #39;s football fans were back in the spotlight again today after a second successive night of crowd trouble in the capital.
Frank Thomas #39; decision to return to the Chicago White Sox wasn #39;t nearly so dramatic this year. Thomas exercised his \$8 million US option Thursday.
McLEAN, Va. - With three of its top four scorers returning for their senior seasons, the Kansas Jayhawks figure to be in the mix for the NCAA championship.
An ailing Yasser Arafat -oo weak to stand, unable to hold down food and spending most of Thursday sleeping  -eed to leave his battered West Bank compound for 
Federal agents and international allies arrest 28 suspects thought to have traded in credit card numbers and financial information.
Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. (GTW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday posted its first operating profit in nearly three years as its retail strategy 
SHIPMENTS of personal digital assistants declined for the third consecutive quarter as large vendors continued ceding the depressed market to smaller electronics makers, researcher IDC reported.
Construction of a 230,000-volt transmission line will begin in January and residents should expect all the usual construction issues that accompany any large project, Pacific Gas  amp; Electric Co.
With the wind picking up as the first round of the Volvo Masters progressed throughout the day, the afternoon starters had the worst of the draw.
Nine British tourists on a religious holiday in Jordan were killed yesterday when their bus crashed near the ancient city of Petra.
AP - All-Pro left tackle Jonathan Ogden signed a new seven-year contract Thursday with the Baltimore Ravens.
AP - The Minnesota Timberwolves released guard Anthony Goldwire and forward Kasib Powell on Thursday, trimming their roster to 14 players.
Fox News Channel commentator Bill O'Reilly and a co-worker who had accused him of sexual harassment have agreed to settle and dropped all allegations against each other, lawyers for Fox said.
The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the "Shadow Crew" has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
AP - In his first moves as manager of the Seattle Mariners, Mike Hargrove decided to retain pitching coach Bryan Price and hired Ron Hassey as the team's bench coach.
Former press baron Conrad Black has made a proposal to buy out the minority shareholders of his Canadian holding company Hollinger Inc.
Advanced Micro Devices on Thursday unveiled a low-cost Internet access device aimed at first-time users in India, Mexico and the Caribbean.
Reuters - Washington Redskins\linebacker LaVar Arrington and kicker John Hall will not play\Sunday versus the Green Bay Packers.
Serginho, a 30-year-old defender with So Caetano, collapsed and died of what appeared to be a heart attack during a Brazilian league match on Wednesday night.
PHNOM PENH - Cambodians were celebrating Friday as a 51-year-old former ballet dancer prepared to become the country #39;s new king.
Cambodians prepare for the coronation of King Sihamoni, amid an array of official festivities.
Long queues have formed in Cuba as people rush to hand over US dollars, soon to be banned.
The Air Transport Association says, due to cutbacks, industry labor expenses are about the same today as they were a decade ago -- at about 34 percent of total costs.
Alliance Capital Management Holding LP (AC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to sell its cash management business to Federated Investors Inc.
AP - The tumultuous rookie season of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor hit a new low in the early hours Thursday when he was arrested on a drunken driving charge.
AP - Alonzo Mourning played for the New Jersey Nets on Thursday night for first time since a kidney transplant in December.
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indiana Pacers exercised their option for reserve guard Fred Jones on Thursday, extending his contract through the 2005-06 season.
The first Westerners were kidnapped in Afghanistan yesterday when three UN election officials were bundled into a car by gunmen who ran their vehicle off the road in the capital Kabul.
Eleven Iraqi soldiers taken hostage by insurgents have been murdered. A video released by their captors showed one man being beheaded and 10 others being shot.
Many pundits have posited that the United States needs better identity cards and, in some cases, have argued for national identity cards.
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair exercised and stretched with trainers Thursday, but was not able to practice with the Titans because of a bruised sternum.
AP - A judge Thursday dismissed a lawsuit that sought to effectively drop from the ballot an Arizona initiative that would restrict government services provided to illegal immigrants.
Plus: San Francisco mayor vows to bring Wi-Fi to the city, free computers to housing projects.
IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
In its latest study of Americans #39; online habits, the Pew Internet  amp; American Life Project found that a substantial chunk of internet users want to voice their opinions online.
Atari has opened the initial sign-up phase of the closed beta for its Dungeons  amp; Dragons real-time-strategy title, Dragonshard.
Avery Johnson announced his retirement Thursday, officially ending his 16-year playing career and becoming a full-time assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks.
America toasted its most romantic baseball team yesterday when the Boston Red Sox won the sport #39;s top prize, bringing a cry of delight from Senator John Kerry, the Democratic presidential 
Former world champions Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China won won the short program at Skate Canada with 66.48 points Thursday night.
The relief agency CARE International has shut down all operations in Iraq and urged insurgents to release its director in Bagdhad, Margaret Hassan, who was kidnapped more than a week ago.
Australia #39;s prime minister, John Howard, won the strongest mandate of any leader in nearly 25 years yesterday when he took control of the upper house of parliament.
Zimbabwe #39;s most persecuted white MP began a year of hard labour last night after parliament voted to jail him for shoving the Justice Minister during a debate over land seizures.
Recent warming considered by defense establishment as event of significant strategic importance. PM associate: It sounds too good to be true.
AP - Frank Thomas is returning to the Chicago White Sox, but Magglio Ordonez appears to be headed elsewhere.
AP - The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits rose last week by 20,000, the largest jump in a month, the Labor Department reported Thursday.
AP - Researchers and businesses in West Virginia will be able to access the first state-sponsored public Internet computing grid when the Global Grid Exchange is launched next month.
The victims included the jeep #39;s driver and another civilian accompanying the soldiers who were headed for an operation against militants, said to be hiding in nearby mountains.
The oil giant Shell yesterday unveiled plans to merge its British and Dutch halves into a single company under the control of a unified board in what marks the most sweeping 
An explosion caused by a short-circuit in the lobby of the Marriott hotel in the Pakistani capital Thursday injured at least six people, including two foreigners, authorities said.
The plan to finance a new stadium for the relocated Montreal Expos has exposed a schism within the District of Columbia's City Council and among its citizens.
AP - Scientists at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory say they have developed the first system to convert dirty diesel fuel into a quiet, self-contained and efficient energy source.
Sony recorded a 61.6 jump in its net profit in the third quarter of this year thanks to the success of its entertainment and movie sectors, the firm said yesterday.
Oct. 28 - New banking rules usually go unnoticed by consumers, but a change going into effect today is going to cost consumers plenty.
Further evidence that the housing market has run out of steam emerged yesterday as the Nationwide reported the first fall in prices for three years.
The route of the 2005 Tour de France was announced yesterday, and the changes look set to test the dominance of the reigning champion, Lance Armstrong.
VANCOUVER - The future of of the Vancouver Molson Indy Race is up in the air again, following the release of the Champ Car World Series schedule for 2005.
Under the cover of darkness, the entire British challenge for Breeders #39; Cup XXI emerged on to the track here at Lone Star Park yesterday.
Nato troops are hunting for three UN workers, one of them British-Irish, kidnapped in Afghanistan #39;s first Iraqi-style abduction yesterday.
This week, Israel took the biggest step towards solving the Middle East conflict for 30 years when the Knesset backed disengagement from the Gaza Strip.
But the step could risk social unrest if heavily indebted state companies respond by laying off more workers.
AP - The Packers' top three offensive performers missed practice again Thursday as quarterback Brett Favre, running back Ahman Green and lineman Marco Rivera were on the sideline.
Ziff Davis - The company's software, built on IBM's on-demand architecture, lets carriers extend the life of legacy applications while pushing out new functionality.
TORONTO (CP) - The Conrad Black saga took a fresh twist Thursday as the embattled press baron announced plans to buy out other shareholders of Hollinger Inc.
PARIS: Lance Armstrong has left the question marks hovering over his participation on next years Tour de France where the American could stretch his record to seven consecutive victories.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Point guard Avery Johnson retired Thursday as an active player to accept a coaching position with the Dallas Mavericks.
Tim Henman was made to work hard to reach the quarter-finals of the Swiss Indoors tournament yesterday before eventually overcoming South African Wesley Moodie in the second round.
The turbulent story of Leeds United took another bizarre turn yesterday as Sebastian Sainsbury, a 41-year-old member of the supermarket dynasty, emerged as the frontman for an American-based 
Buoyed by strong consumer demand for personal computers and stringent cost cuts, computer maker Gateway reported a third-quarter loss on Thursday that was much narrower than a year ago.
The route for next year #39;s Tour de France may provide the stiffest test yet for the six-times winner, Lance Armstrong. Or perhaps not.
Teenagers are fiends for sending text messages from their phones. Virgin Mobile wants them to feast on other services as well.
Militants piled more pressure on Washington #39;s military allies in Iraq on Thursday, seizing a Polish woman and holding a Japanese man under threat of death.
AP - Presidential and congressional candidates can raise unlimited donations to finance recounts as President Bush and Al Gore did for their high-stakes Florida dispute in 2000.
Heads of state gather in Rome to sign the EU constitution, as a row over the new Commission continues.
Scientists say they have engineered a molecule which could lead to new treatments for Alzheimer's disease.
The Mystics' Chamique Holdsclaw said Thursday she is suffering from depression.  The affliction caused her to leave the team in midseason.
The Breeders' Cup makes it tougher for trainers, horses and veterinarians to cheat and dope their horses than any other competition.
The off week could not have come at a better time for 13th-ranked Virginia with quarterback Marques Hagans hobbled by an injured hip.
China #39;s central bank raised official borrowing costs for the first time in nine years Thursday night, a step aimed at slowing breakneck economic growth and inflation 
The deadline set by Islamic militants for the beheading of a Japanese hostage unless their demands were met has passed with no news of the man #39;s fate.
Some have explained the flu vaccine shortage by saying that the vaccines business holds little allure, but vaccines, it turns out, can make for good business.
Germany, with its high costs and reluctant consumers, has become a drag on the country's two largest carmakers, DaimlerChrysler and Volkswagen.
The surge in early voting is affecting where candidates are sent and money is spent in the final days of the campaign.
A videotape shows a huge supply of explosives still at Al Qaqaa munitions complex nine days after the fall of Baghdad.
Having waited 86 years for World Series glory, Bostonians found themselves swirling with elation, but also scratching their heads.
Reuben Droughns is on pace to become the fifth different running back to eclipse 1,000 yards in a season under Coach Mike Shanahan.
Havana, Oct 28 (AIN) For the 13th consecutive time, the United Nations General Assembly voted Thursday for the lifting of the US economic, financial and commercial blockade against Cuba.
Cubans jammed banks and exchange kiosks to swap their dollars for local pesos on Thursday, as the communist government, retaliating for tightened sanctions, moved 
The explosion followed a blast late on Thursday that killed two people and wounded about 20 in a border town in Narathiwat province.
Bill O'Reilly settled a sexual harassment lawsuit by his former producer last night, ending what he called a "brutal ordeal."
Check out your checking account -- and make sure you have enough money in it before you write any checks from now on.
ATLANTA - Auburn probably will have to be content with a SEC championship because the Tigers aren #39;t likely to get a shot at the title they want.
The US Defence Secretary enters the row over large amounts of explosives allegedly looted in Iraq.
The former President of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, calls for free and fair elections in his country.
IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
AP - The Japanese government convened an emergency session Friday following a media report that a body believed to be Asian was discovered in Iraq.
US Airways Group Inc. and UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines, both operating under bankruptcy court protection, reported losses in the third quarter yesterday, blaming record high fuel prices 
CNN announced yesterday that it would shut down its CNNfn cable channel next month, abandoning its nine-year-old effort to create a financial news competitor to CNBC.
Two people died and more than 20 others were injured when a bomb exploded at a Sungai Kolok bar Thursday night in Southern Thailand, The Nation reports.
In the event of a computer failure such as the one that caused massive power outages in the Northeast and upper Midwest last year, can the federal government intervene?
The suits include the first filed by America Online against spammers who use instant messaging, a practice the online industry calls spimming.
DreamWorks Animation, the company behind the blockbuster Shrek movies, has enjoyed a fairytale beginning on Wall Street with its share price leaping nearly 40 per cent.
Semiconductor supplier AMD announced Thursday (Oct. 28) it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world #39;s population Internet connectivity and computing capabilities 
A video game fan upset over a failed disc drive in his Xbox video game console has sued Microsoft Corp. on behalf of all Xbox owners across the United States.
Manchester United legend George Best has revealed his disdain for the perpetrators of the food fight which took place at Old Trafford last weekend after the highly-charged game with Arsenal.
Anthony Calvillo threw three touchdown passes and surpassed the 6,000-yard plateau as the Montreal Alouettes humiliated the Toronto Argonauts 58-20 on Thursday night.
AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Thursday:
AMD launched an initiative to enable 50 of the world #39;s population with Internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
After their emphatic sweep of the St. Louis Cardinals in the World Series on Wednesday, the Boston Red Sox no longer need to apologize for their history.
But the step could risk social unrest if heavily indebted state companies respond by laying off more workers.
Some have explained the flu vaccine shortage by saying that the vaccines business holds little allure, but vaccines, it turns out, can make for good business.
Google Inc. has bought digital map maker Keyhole, extending the search engine with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
Four leading Internet service providers announced yesterday that they had filed a new round of lawsuits against senders of junk e-mail, or spam.
Arsenal midfielder Edu lifts the lid on events following the game against Man Utd.
AP - 1931  #151; Lefty Grove, winner of 31 games for the Philadelphia A's, was named the American League MVP.
Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be huge.
Game fan upset over failed disc drive sues Microsoft on behalf of all U.S. Xbox owners.
OIL giant Shell swept aside nearly 100 years of history yesterday when it unveiled plans to merge its UK and Dutch parent companies.
Shares of DreamWorks Animation Inc. soared nearly 38 percent on the first day of trading Thursday as investors anticipated Shrek-sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
On Tuesday, millions of Americans will decide whether George W. Bush or John F. Kerry will be president of the United States for the next four years.
Third baseman Vinny Castilla said he fits fine with the Colorado youth movement, even though he #39;ll turn 38 next season and the Rockies are coming off the second-worst 
AP - When Terry Pendleton got a call from Braves general manager John Schuerholz a day after Atlanta's season ended, he wondered if he was getting fired.
Derek Lowe stood in the boisterous Boston Red Sox clubhouse early yesterday morning, a bottle of champagne in one hand, a cigar in the other.
Longtime Chicago Cubs analyst Steve Stone announced yesterday he was leaving WGN-TV, less than one month after coming under fire for on-air comments he made criticizing the team.
The Prince of Wales said his heart goes out to the relatives of nine British tourists killed in a bus crash in Jordan. Charles, who was an official 
A course-record 62 vaults Jeff Sluman into a two-shot lead after the first round at the Chrysler Championship.
Rockets center Yao Ming was held out of the team's final preseason game with Denver on Thursday due to a hyper-extended left elbow.
Alonzo Mourning had 12 points and five rebounds in his first game since undergoing a kidney transplant in December.
Cambodia's new King Sihamoni is anointed by his father as his coronation day gets under way.
Fortunately I have a syndicated sports talk radio show to exorcise my demons as a Yankee fan after the Red Sox won the 2004 World Series.
Next! A week removed from dispatching a previously undefeated team with haughty intentions, the rocking and rolling and seemingly unbeatable New England Patriots meet a second consecutive 
US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned Ukraine today that a flawed presidential election could have dire consequences for the country #39;s relationship with the West.
The owners disagree with NFL Players Association Executive Director Gene \Upshaw about the league's future economic system says Commissioner Paul \Tagliabue.
Staff at three VW factories start a series of warning strikes, as the carmaker continues talks over cost-cutting plans.
ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative deal on pilot concessions and much-needed breathing room, but uncertainty about the carrier #39;s debt restructuring remains.
NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spotted what may be icy volcanic flows and a large lake of oily liquid on Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan, scientists said Thursday.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Minnesota senior center Janel McCarville broke her left hand at practice Thursday and is expected to miss four weeks.
LONDON, England -- Public health experts have estimated that around 100,000 Iraqi civilians have died since the United States invaded Iraq in March last year.
Time Warner #39;s CNNfn waved the white flag yesterday, saying it was shutting down after nine years of unsuccessfully competing with CNBC for the top business cable station.
Scientists say new images from the US-European Cassini spacecraft support the view that Saturn #39;s giant moon, Titan, has conditions similar to that of early Earth before life appeared.
Top Internet service providers began a second coordinated legal blitz against spammers yesterday, filing seven lawsuits under the CAN-SPAM Act.
The Boston Red Sox ended their 86-year championship drought with a 3-0 win over the St. Louis Cardinals in Game Four of the World Series.
Reuters - Australia declared their second innings on 329 for five, setting India 543 to win, on the fourth morning of the third test on Friday.
AP - Japan's central bank kept its loose monetary policy unchanged Friday amid signs that keeping ample cash flowing in the financial system is necessary to keep the nation's economic recovery going.
an oil giant with a corporate governance structure as complicated as its name -s trying to simplify. That was the good news Thursday, but the embattled 
The anti virus software will be available when subscribers download a new version of AOL #39;s client software, AOL 9.0 Security Edition, in November.
Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.
AP - Ken Ramsey likes to say he's been successful in practically everything he's taken on. That would sound like bragging coming from just about any other horse owner.
 Group 1 Automotive reported a net loss of \$9.6 million for the third quarter, which ended Sept. 30. The results include a charge of \$29.
This week, UK government agencies got the go-ahead to use Linux and other open source products in a report published by the UK Office of Government Commerce (OGC).
Keith Foulke squeezed the ball tight. After all those years and all that heartache, the Boston Red Sox had the World Series firmly in hand.
The citizens of Washington came to the DC city council on Thursday to express a variety of opinions about the proposed new stadium deal that would bring the Expos to the city.
Shannon McClintock, a ninth-grader at Scripps Ranch High, did well performing science experiments put before her in a national competition this week in Maryland.
Boston pitcher Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy after the Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 in Game 4 to win the World Series on Wednesday in St.
The 2005 Tour de France might give other riders their best chance to test Lance Armstrong, if he goes for a seventh consecutive title.
A course-record opening 62 has powered American Jeff Sluman to the lead in the Chrysler Championship in Florida, while Aussie Steve Leaney is five shots back.
TOKYO The Japanese government has convened an emergency session. This, after a report that a body believed to be Asian was discovered in Iraq.
Islamic militants claim they are holding three foreign election workers kidnapped Thursday from a UN vehicle in the Afghan capital of Kabul.
AFP - A policeman was killed and four people injured, one a civilian, in two separate ambushes by Islamic militants in Indian Kashmir, police said.
 AMMAN (Reuters) - A French jet left Amman on Friday taking  ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for treatment in Paris,  witnesses said.
The Cassini spacecraft's first radar images of Saturn's largest moon, Titan, have revealed a diverse frozen landscape of bright streaks and dark regions.
A race to pursue DNA-based indictments has made apparent that no matter how sophisticated the science of DNA, a genetic profile is less than half the battle.
Archaeologists have unearthed evidence of a species of dwarf people, dubbed Homo floresiensis.
AP - At his worst, Allen Iverson has been seen as selfish and sullen; contentious and contradictory, a magnet for trouble away from the court.
TechWeb - A UK government report encourages public agencies to consider using Linux and other open-source alternatives to commercial software.
Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.
One thing about the up-and-down world of the NFL: You can't shy away from teams coming off bad performances, because that would leave you with no one to pick.
Crude oil futures prices dropped below \$51 a barrel yesterday as supply concerns ahead of the Northern Hemisphere winter eased after an unexpectedly high rise in US inventories.
With the regular season less than a week away, coach Doc Rivers and the players agree a lot of work remains, so the Celtics may practice twice today.
Shares of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. jumped 38 percent on the first day of trading yesterday as investors anticipated Shrek-sized profits from the computer animation film studio.
A rising number of Americans say healthcare is the most critical issue facing America today, and many are having trouble covering the costs, according to a survey released yesterday.
Raytheon Co. reported yesterday it swung to a profit in the third quarter and that revenue surged 13 percent, benefiting from rising military spending and more orders for its business jets.
CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
Michael Ovitz staunchly defended his efforts as president of the Walt Disney Co. yesterday in between biting exchanges with the attorney representing shareholders in a \$140 million lawsuit.
Some local women's soccer and field hockey teams are ready to make some noise in the NCAA tournaments.
 #39;Reaching a preliminary pilot agreement is the single most important hurdle they have to clear, but certainly not the only one.
Seventy-five years after the 1929 collapse, experts say market tumbles will still occur but a mature US economy is more equipped to handle them.
Viacom Inc., the media conglomerate, said Thursday that profits grew 11.6 percent in the third quarter because of a jump in advertising at its cable and television networks.
India are already in massive trouble, losing two wickets straight after lunch as they chase an unlikely 543 for victory against Australia in the third Test in Nagpur.
Virginia Tech just couldn #39;t seem to get going. There were turnovers. There were botched plays. There were missed opportunities.
The search for a new coach at the University of Florida should and will be a short one. Former Gators coach Steve Spurrier soon will be back in Gainesville.
AFP - Scandal-hit Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors denied reports that it was negotiating a business link with PSA Peugeot Citroen Group of France.
Iraq #39;s hostage crisis continued unabated yesterday, with one group of insurgents claiming that it had killed 11 Iraqi national guardsmen, another saying it had abducted 
AP - There was a reason all the preseason hubbub about Purdue was on its offense, and it wasn't just because of Kyle Orton's spectacular arm.
Jack Straw says the UK is likely to hold a vote on the EU constitution early in 2006, as Tony Blair prepares to sign up to it.
Fog cut visibility during the Thursday morning rush hour, but the National Weather Service didn #39;t expect a repeat performance today.
Jeff Sluman fired a nine-under 62 yesterday to take a two-stroke lead after the first round of the \$5 million Chrysler Championship in Florida.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Cambodia is preparing to crown its first new king in decades later Friday, amid an array of official celebrations.
AFP - Deutsche Bank said that its bottom-line earnings rose strongly in the third quarter, thanks to a partial improvement in underlying business and lower costs and risk provisions.
AP - Making a major detour on the campaign trail, Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday night will rally voters in Hawaii where just two Republicans have ever won the state in a presidential race.
AFP - A massive manhunt was underway for three UN foreign election workers whose daylight abduction in Kabul has sparked fears of the start of Iraq-style kidnappings in Afghanistan.
SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--As investors speculate about the future landscape of the Australian media industry, newspaper publisher John Fairfax Holdings Ltd.
This weekend Ukraine votes for its first new president in 10 years. The accusations, scare tactics and media bias surrounding the contest between current Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and former PM and 
A former of British assistant of Salvador Dali is convicted of doctoring one of the surrealist's paintings.
The Barnstable girls' volleyball team was looking for challenging nonleague opponents before the state tournament.
 For all the focus on foreign policy in this campaign, neither presidential candidate has spent much time explaining what may loom as the largest new challenge after Tuesday:  what to do about Iran.
Security expert express concerns that cash machines could soon fall victim to Windows viruses.
Sixteen workers are critically hurt in a huge explosion at an oil refinery near the western Indian city of Baroda.
FALLEN Press baron Lord Black is offering to buy back his holding company Hollinger Inc from minority shareholders and take the company private.
Mandrakelinux 10.1 Officiel comes with extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility and application upgrades.
Four seconds after he checked into his first basketball game in nearly a year, Alonzo Mourning drilled a jumper from the foul line, then pointed to the ceiling.
AFP - Australian police investigating the disappearance of a British tourist missing for almost a week launched a public appeal for information after her bag was found near Sydney's Bondi Beach.
CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.
Irvine, California - Gateway reported a narrowed net loss in the first quarter on continued restructuring of its operations and the integration of newly acquired firm eMachines.
Former BBC boxing commentator Harry Carpenter relives the Rumble in the Jungle 30 years ago.
Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.
The Cassini spacecraft has sent back images of Saturn #39;s moon Titan giving scientists the closest views yet of the mysterious satellite.
A new look at climate conditions 55 million years ago shows that the Earth is more sensitive to small changes than previously believed.
Fultondale High School football coach Keith Register is probably right when he says he doesn #39;t expect everyone to understand why the Wildcats are forfeiting their last two games.
Workers at Germany #39;s automobile giant Volkswagen (VW) have staged warning strikes in the on-going wage dispute with the management.
The US #39;s biggest internet companies have launched yet another crackdown against spammers as part of their latest efforts to protect net users from junk email.
Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein has revealed that two national teams tried to lure manager Arsene Wenger from Highbury last summer.
When the Giants enter the Metrodome Sunday, they will do so under circumstances eerily similar to their last visit, almost one year ago.
The ABC and NBC television networks each plan to turn the 9/11 Commission Report into a mini-series.
Shawn Fanning, founder of Napster, worlds first file trading peer-to-peer network, is back in full force to legalize music swapping with his new venture.
Researchers and businesses in West Virginia will be able to access the first state-sponsored public Internet computing grid when the Global Grid Exchange is launched next month.
AP - France stepped up security Friday morning at a military hospital outside Paris where Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat will be taken for treatment.
Now that SpaceShipOne has proved private companies can reach space, the next hurdle is finding investors -- an even more difficult task. By Dan Brekke.
Scots DIY enthusiasts will now pay for plastic bags as a big chain tries to cut pollution.
AFP - Japan's top mobile phone operator NTT DoCoMo said its interim sales and profits fell due to stiff competition but forecast higher profitability in the full year.
USATODAY.com - Money and mud are flying in the final days of nine close contests that will determine which party controls the Senate next year.
French aircraft motor maker Snecma and French telecommunications equipment group Sagem  quot;will announce their merger on Friday, quot; a Sagem spokeswoman said.
Contact lenses that release controlled doses of drugs to treat eye diseases such as glaucoma have been created by nano-engineers in Singapore.
Japan scrambled on Friday to check a report that an Asian body had been found in Iraq after a deadline expired for the beheading of a Japanese man whose 
Israel #39;s parliament made a historic decision in backing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank settlements.
CHINA has raised its interest rates for the first time in nine years to curb inflation and stop its fast-growing economy overheating.
Yahoo has unveiled its own version of a search facility for mobile phones hot on the heels of similar software from US rival Google.
With Toomer a question mark for Sunday, Taylor, a 6th-round draft choice, might start after making his pro debut last week vs. Lions.
Four Pitcairn Island men convicted of multiple sex offenses received jail sentences of between two and six years Friday. Two other men have been ordered to perform community service.
The family of Roy Bennett, the Zimbabwean opposition member of parliament who was jailed yesterday on charges of parliamentary misconduct, says it will appeal against the decision.
SiliconValley.com - The Internet's first baby steps began in Leonard Kleinrock's UCLA lab 35 years ago today.
SiliconValley.com - Yes, our government is now in the business of pushing expensive TV sets on consumers who are wisely keeping their wallets closed.
Campaign promises have changed little in the run-up to the presidential election, but the rhetoric has intensified.
September saw the lowest number of new mortgage approvals in the UK since August 2000, official figures show.
Linux is gaining ground with companies but Windows will continue to dominate consumer PCs in the near future. That is the non-contentious conclusion of the latest IDC research.
Java has suffered as a mobile content platform, compared to Qualcomm Brew, by having a fragmented channel and a confused economic proposition for developers.
LONG-SUFFERING Boston Red Sox fans partied far into the night after their team won the 2004 World Series over the St. Louis Cardinals in four straight games.
Former ballet dancer Norodom Sihamoni was formally crowned as Cambodia #39;s new king Friday in a lavish ceremony at the Royal Palace.
The government will examine claims 100,000 Iraqi civilians have been killed since the US-led invasion, Jack Straw says.
Metro, Germany's biggest retailer, turns in weaker-than-expected profits as sales at its core supermarkets division dip lower.
Mandrakesoft has introduced Mandrakelinux 10.1 Official with the promise that its latest distribution provides extended support for mobile devices, better hardware compatibility, and major application upgrades.
When a privately built rocket plane soared into space earlier this month, astronaut wannabes were giddy with the hope that they #39;d finally make it off the planet.
Dell will expand its lineup of consumer IT services with security tips and installation assistance on products other than PCs. The company has created a new Dell Solutions Center web page (www.
Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.
The smell of champagne, 1918 vintage, was still in my hair Thursday night when I was whisked back into a familiar losing environment.
THE EU CONSTITUTION: The landmark document, achieved after 28 months of negotiation, aims to provide simpler voting rules to end gridlock in the European Union.
A city which has embraced the concept of eco-friendly housing hosts the International Earthship Conference.
Shares of Gateway rose more than 11 percent in after-market trading yesterday after the computer company said it posted its first operating profit in three years.
In a second round of lawsuits four major US internet service providers (ISPs) are taking on senders of e-mail spam and unwanted commercial messages sent via instant messaging.
Newly-crowned world champion Sebastien Loeb led Belgium #39;s Francois Duval by just one second after three stages of the Rally of Catalunya on Friday.
Hearts head coach Craig Levein is poised to join Leicester City after saying his goodbyes to Jambos players at training this morning.
International aid workers kept a low profile today after the brazen daylight kidnapping of a British woman and two other foreign UN election staff in the Afghan capital, Kabul.
An Afghan court sentences to death three men for killing 11 Chinese road workers in Kunduz in June.
The leaders of the European Union #39;s 25 member states gathered in Rome Friday to sign the new EU constitution. Later in the day the heads of state planned to return home to try 
AP - Harvard University is planning a major expansion of its engineering program, including a 67 percent increase in the size of the faculty and the possible establishment of a separate school.
US economic growth picked up in the third quarter, fuelled by strong consumer spending, official figures show.
An economist with Asian Development Bank said Friday that China #39;s decision to raise interest rates is necessary, but not enough to curb inflation.
Plus: Gateway trims loss in third quarter...EDS delays earnings...Amazon outlook disappoints...PeopleSoft exceeds targets.
The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
Reuters - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.  on\Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as revenue fell\amid intense competition for its products from rivals and\generic drugs.
A mysterious ailment has weakened Yasir Arafat and raised concerns that Palestinian politics could be plunged into turmoil.
A new and tiny species of human that lived in Indonesia at the same time our own ancestors were colonising the world were discovered by scientists.
ST. LOUIS T hree hours after the Boston Red Sox turned the lights out on this World Series, a guest staying on the 17th floor of the St.
Reformist former Palestinian Authority prime minister Abu Mazen will temporarily take over chairman Yasser Arafat #39;s authority, Palestinian sources said.
The Web site of identity-fraud suspects operating as the Shadowcrew has been replaced by information about alleged members' arrests.
Microsoft files new lawsuits against spam while AOL battles  #39;spim #39;- unsolicited messages sent to users of its instant messaging service.
Australian and Indonesian scientists have discovered a species of tiny human beings who lived on the remote Indonesian island of Flores 18,000 years ago.
PARIS Lance Armstrong was absent when the route and difficulties of the 2005 Tour de France were made public in Paris, but his aura filled the hall.
ALASTAIR FORSYTH tees off in the second round of the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today determined to maintain the form he showed yesterday.
AFP - Unable to set aside their differences in Los Angeles, Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal will now be facing new challenges with teams on either side of the continent.
The US music industry sues 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
The US economy grew at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter - a pace that was slightly better than in the spring but not as strong as many analysts expected.
Total revenues increased by 2 to \$43.3 billion, despite the appreciation of the Euro against the US dollar, mainly due to higher unit sales.
Consumers who have become used to writing checks in the expectation of having at least a couple of days to cover them with a deposit may soon be in for a rude awakening.
LOS ANGELES -- At least one Indiana State University student has been named as a defendant in a new round of lawsuits against music downloaders.
The Sun says Mutu, 25, has confessed to soccer chiefs he is a regular user and has been addicted to the drug since early this year.
Colin Montgomerie fell out of contention for the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today as word of the Scot being pictured with a famous Spanish model went around the course.
BRUSSELS On Friday, Europe #39;s leaders gathered in Rome to sign the treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. This was a historic moment.
SYDNEY, Australia British authorities say six men on Pitcairn Island have been sentenced up to six years in prison for sex attacks dating back 40 years.
Smack in the middle of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, hordes of international and local reporters have descended on a makeshift courtroom here to witness the long-awaited and 
Intel's plain-spoken CEO  has a message for the nation: If you want to stay on top, it's time to rev up your competitive metabolism.
The US recording industry is taking legal action against 750 computer users believed to be distributing music illegally over the internet.
One of the heros of the World Series will be in the political spotlight Friday in New Hampshire. Boston Red Sox pitching ace Curt Schilling is appearing with President Bush Friday.
The No. 2 U.S. oil company reported a rise in quarterly profit pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on asset sales.
The US economy expanded at a 3.7 percent annual rate in the third quarter, below expectations but still bolstered by healthy consumer spending that was accompanied 
Southwest Airlines says boosting its presence at Chicago #39;s Midway airport has just become its top priority, USA Today said Friday.
ChevronTexaco Corp., the second- biggest US oil company, said third-quarter profit rose 62 percent on higher oil and natural-gas prices.
When a person suffers from eye ailments today, nine times out of ten, he will be prescribed eye drops to treat his illness or relieve his discomfort.
London, England (Sports Network) - Chelsea has told Adrian Mutu his services are no longer needed at the club after testing positive for cocaine use.
: Pakistani officials insisted that an explosion at the Marriott hotel in the capital city was caused by an electrical short-circuit, not a bomb, but the US Embassy today issued a warning 
Liberal challenger Viktor Yushchenko predicted on Friday that Ukrainian authorities would resort to mass fraud to ensure victory for the establishment candidate in an increasingly tense weekend presidential poll.
AP - Under pressure from military voters and Republicans, Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell said Friday that he will ask a federal judge to extend the deadline for counting overseas ballots by one week.
Leaders around the world express concern for the health of ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Reuters - Green Bay Packers star\quarterback Brett Favre and top running back Ahman Green both\missed Thursday's practice with injuries.
If you're in the market for a safe little something for your portfolio, buy bonds.
The US economy increased at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the third quarter of this year, the Commerce Department said in a report released on Friday.
A 3ft tall  #39;hobbit #39; discovered on a remote Indonesian island has raised the extraordinary possibility that our human species might not be alone on Earth.
THE wait is over. Australia yesterday stormed the barricades to its final frontier and plundered the Border-Gavaskar Trophy with one of its biggest victories in Test history.
San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - San Francisco 49ers starting quarterback Tim Rattay is listed as questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Bears with a forearm injury.
MONROVIA, LIBERIA - The capital of Liberia is under curfew Friday following an outbreak of violence that reportedly left churches and a mosque in flames.
Health officials in the Mexican state of Chihuahua fail in their effort to deal with a rat plague by sending in hundreds of cats.
DreamWorks Animation has an IPO with more green than its signature ogre, Shrek.
AP - China's steel imports declined over the first nine months of the year in reaction to higher international prices, while exports soared, state media reported Friday.
Fighting erupts between forces of the self-declared Somaliland republic and those of Puntland, an autonomous region of Somalia.
The founder of Argonaut games went into administration a week ago has bought back most of the group.
Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.
Even as NASA gears up for the space shuttle #39;s return to flight next year, officials at the space agency are quietly studying the possibility of cutting back its number of missions 
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, suffering from a serious but mystery illness, was flown to France and rushed to a military hospital for treatment Friday - ending 
Some 28 people are arrested in a global operation against a website allegedly involved in identity fraud.
Kidnappers in Iraq have freed a seven-year-old boy a week after seizing him while on his way to school.
Following heavy losses, South African Airways asks the public to send in 'great ideas' on how to turn the business around.
Health professionals and families have worked hard to turn Halloween into a day that children with diabetes can take delight in, not simply endure.
Presidential Guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
New version of mass-mailing worm, discovered Friday, tries to disable defenses on destination PCs.
AFP - Amid fears of a possible terrorist attack, US authorities are tightening security for Tuesday's presidential election while taking pains not to discourage voters from turning out at the polls.
Open source software is a viable alternative to commercial proprietary software, with potential significant value-for-money benefits for government, the Office of Government Commerce (OGC) has concluded.
The head of the Political Department in the Palestine Liberation Organization said Friday no committee was formed to succeed ailing Yasser Arafat.
LONDON British defense officials say hundreds of British troops who were deployed to provide cover for US troops are now at their base near Baghdad.
A humanitarian agency with a long history of work in Iraq has ended its operations in the war-torn nation after its leader was abducted.
Leaders of the 25-nation European Union today signed the bloc #39;s new constitution in Rome, amid tight security around the city #39;s historic center.
A second bomb exploded near a food stall in southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least nine members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that wounded four people.
A new version of the Bagle computer virus is spreading rapidly around the internet.
DEEP in the heart of the Indian subcontinent, the Australian Test side last night was celebrating an historic victory, having conquered cricket #39;s final frontier with a Test to spare.
Top seed and crowd favourite Marat Safin was knocked out of the St Petersburg Open quarter-finals on Friday, falling 6-4 6-1 to Michael Llodra.
AP - A new hybrid CD format that offers standard CD audio on one side and the enhanced media capabilities of a DVD on the other made its nationwide debut this week.
PC World - Presidential Guidester polls voters, matches their positions with those of candidates.
Health officials in the Mexican state of Chihuahua fail to deal with a rat plague by sending in hundreds of cats.
In Europe, industry leaders, government officials and others debate whether patents would hinder or cultivate innovation.
IT sales account manager in England seeks compensation after winning her sex discrimination case.
California running back JJ Arrington needed less than three quarters to tie a 23-year-old Pac-10 Conference record against Southern Miss Saturday night at Roberts Stadium.
Australia cemented its position as the dominant cricket team of the past decade with its first series win in India since 1969, conquering what former captain Steve Waugh called the final frontier.
New versions of the Bagle worm rolled onto the Internet Friday, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
A US-led operation targeting ID fraud crooks has led to the arrest of 28 people across seven countries this week.\
Drug giant Merck says the Food and Drug Administration wants more information, but is prepared to approve the company #39;s successor drug to recalled pain reliever Vioxx.
Australia wrapped up their first series win in India in 35 years after an overwhelming victory by 342 runs in the third Test in Nagpur.
For more than a month it has been public knowledge that Kansas was considering moving next season #39;s home football game against Oklahoma to Kansas City #39;s Arrowhead Stadium.
US marines are preparing for a major assault to whack rebels in the Iraqi cities of Fallujah and Ramadi, a senior commander said on Friday.
THE child rapists of Pitcairn Island next year will move into the jail they helped build. Judges yesterday showed the mercy which for so long has been absent 
Russia #39;s security service chief says that more than 80 suicide attackers have been trained abroad to attack the country, which he says has no adequate system of dealing with terrorism.
AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo eliminated defending champion Ai Sugiyama 6-2, 6-4 Friday in the quarterfinals of the Generali Ladies Open.
The news is not so much shocking as sad. Surely, everyone whose eyes were open suspected that Jason Giambi and Barry Bonds had been using performance-enhancing drugs for many years.
Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.
A new variant of the Bagle email worm is spreading rapidly across the internet today.\
AFP - Leading shares closed in negative ground, while Wall Street was looking for direction over mixed data on the state of the US economy, dealers said.
Two students are suspended by Oxford University after admitting infiltrating its computer systems.
Floating a check became riskier Thursday under a new law that makes it possible for banks to process them in a matter of hours, rather than days.
Rejuvenated attacker Alessandro Del Piero inspired Juventus to a 2-0 win over AS Roma that restored their five point title advantage on holders AC Milan.
The Office of Government Commerce (OGC), UK, has finally given the green signal persuading governments to consider the deployment of open source while implementing new systems.
Lower sales, bigger losses, and a sneaky-looking accounting change mean investors should watch their wallets.
Company shows off labor-saving data center technology at Palo Alto research lab.
IT sales account manager in England seeks compensation after winning her sex discrimination case.
Pakistani cricket star Imran Khan has been robbed by armed men in the country's capital, Islamabad.
New research is casting doubts on the usefulness of the human embryonic stem cells available under the White House #39;s research policy.
Andre Agassi marched into the Stockholm Open semi-finals on Friday, beating Spanish eighth seed Fernando Verdasco 7-6 6-2 in his toughest match of the tournament.
English Championship side Leicester were given permission to speak to Hearts coach Craig Levein in the hope of persuading him to succeed Micky Adams.
Kent Jones started slowly on Friday but consecutive birdies as he made the turn have boosted him to the top of the leaderboard at the Chrysler Championship.
Description: A French plane departs Amman, Jordan, carrying Palestinian President Yasser Arafat to Paris for urgent medical treatment.
However, their celebration of unity has been marred by uncertainty over its ratification and turmoil over the stalled European Commission.
The Constitutional Treaty firmly enshrines fundamental rights in law and makes the EU more democratic, more transparent, and more effective.
Do the third-quarter numbers mean continued volatility for this small-cap stock?
Study shows defense agencies accounted for three-quarters of the \$20 billion in federal IT contracts awarded last quarter.
PhoneBites' cellular service inserts sound clips into conversations. Ridiculous? The same was said of the multibillion ring tone market.
The Prince of Wales has travelled to Petra a day after nine British pilgrim tourists were killed in a coach crash near the ancient Jordanian city.
Zimbabwe #39;s Parliament has sentenced to a year in jail one of its three white members for knocking down a government minister, the BBC reported Friday.
TREASURER Peter Costello yesterday declared Telstra would not be sold until its share price was more than \$5. That came despite the Coalition having secured a Senate majority.
Net profit growth is keeping investors from worrying about Gillette's free cash flow.
Apple thinks do-it-yourself PC repair is the wave of the future. But another PC maker has other ideas.
The Bagle worm shifts shape to outsmart antivirus software. Plus: Media player patches and Feds' fraud crackdown.
Business-focused publication, TV network, name Mac Maker's CEO the "Leader in Innovation." eBay's Whitman another honoree.
US consumers fed a pick-up in US economic growth in the third quarter but a sentiment survey for this month showed oil prices were dampening their spirits 
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The Kansas City Chiefs will allow Kansas and Arkansas State to play one home game each at Arrowhead Stadium in 2005.
As the nanotech/biotech company earns a profit, keep an eye on two drugs in phase 3 trials.
A new version of the fast-spreading Bagle mass-mailing worm was discovered Friday, with its threat level quickly rising to a moderate level, according to security experts.
Valderrama, Spain - Overnight leader Sergio Garcia came back from a disastrous start to his second round of the Volvo Masters to keep himself atop the leaderboard here on Friday.
Jose Mourinho would rather be facing the likes of Arsenal or Manchester United than taking on managerless West Brom tomorrow. Frank Burrows will take charge of the Baggies against 
Poor planning, air strikes by coalition forces and a  quot;climate of violence quot; have led to more than 100,000 extra deaths in Iraq, scientists say.
The government, keen to make Italy the first country to ratify the EU constitutional treaty, was setto greenlight the necessary bill in a cabinet meeting late Friday afternoon.
Reuters - Voters in Alaska will decide on\Tuesday whether to make their state the first in the country to\legalize the sale, possession or use of marijuana by adults.
The president was in New Hampshire, the only state in the Northeast that he carried in 2000, while his Democratic challenger was in Florida.
Lord Black will resign as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc, enabling the board to consider his buy-out offer.
bulk messages clogging instant-messaging accounts. AOL and its Anti-Spam Alliance partners -- EarthLink, Microsoft, and Yahoo 
As NASA readies the space shuttle fleet to fly again, the agency #39;s risk management teams are also paying attention to risk issues that affect the International Space Station.
Human retinal stem cells can regenerate when implanted into the eyes of chicks and mice, says a University of Toronto study. After being transplanted into the animals, the 
IT security experts have warned that a newly intercepted mutant of the infamous mass-mailing Bagle worm, dubbed Bagle.bb, has begun to spread rapidly across the internet.
KNOXVILLE - Tennessee senior offensive tackle Michael Munoz has been plagued by lingering effects from a concussion suffered last week in the Alabama game.
NewsFactor - For the third consecutive quarter, shipments of handheld devices, including personal digital assistants (PDAs), have declined, according to a study by IDC.
AP - Sigi Schmid was hired Friday as coach of the U.S. Under-20 team, his second stint in the job.
Entire updated chip line to be unveiled, sources say. Newest top-line Itanium 2 boosts high-speed cache memory from 6MB to 9MB.
WR Grace  amp; Co., a Columbia-based supplier of silica products, alerted shareholders Friday it received a letter saying it is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation.
Lord Black is to resign as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc, clearing the way for the board to consider his offer to buy the firm.
AFP - Thirteen employees of a botanical garden in Stockholm ended up in the hospital showing symptoms of drug poisoning after a departing intern served them cake as a goodbye gesture, police said.
Sergio Garcia had to undergo an extensive investigation following a lost-ball incident at Valderrama on Friday before being cleared to keep his one-stroke lead in the Volvo Masters second round.
At season #39;s end there was a lot of talk about the possibility of Sean Casey being traded. That notion became extremely unlikely on Friday afternoon when Reds general 
After 216 years as a broadsheet newspaper, The Times will become a tabloid-only publication starting on Monday. The move follows a decision 11 months ago to publish the British national 
 TOKYO (Reuters) - A body resembling a Japanese hostage has  been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for  identification, Japanese officials said on Saturday.
Now shipping, Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 gives you the power to perfect and transform your digital photos like a pro. Oct 29
MELBOURNE: Australian dairy group National Foods Ltd said yesterday it is continuing merger talks with SPC Ardmona despite becoming a takeover target itself.
AP - NASA said Friday it is aiming for a mid-May launch of the first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy almost two years ago.
The hand tool manufacturer beats estimates, but internal growth can't match competition.
The treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments.
AP - The Arab television station Al-Jazeera said Friday it would broadcast a tape from al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden on an evening newscast.
Earnings are up, but sagging revenues are more annoying than static.
A Los Angeles man filed a class action suit yesterday against Microsoft, claiming that the company manufactured and sold thousands of defective Xbox video game systems.
Iran believes there is only a 10 percent chance the UN Security Council will impose economic sanctions on it if Washington succeeds in sending its nuclear case there, a senior security official said on Friday.
Residential energy use in the United States is predicted to increase 25 percent by 2025. A small but increasing share of that power will trickle in from renewable energy sources, experts say.
The NYT has an optimistic overview on broadband over power lines, calling it "the ultimate plug and play." Broadband Blog
Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Mike Lowell #39;s contract with the Florida Marlins is no longer contingent on the team getting a new stadium.
Slowing sales and income plus a warning about future profitability at Deluxe shows just how thin the line between deep value and permanent decline can be.
AP - Jacksonville running back Fred Taylor was upgraded to probable Friday and should start at Houston despite a leg injury.
Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Is Ralph Klein's political antenna broken?
Consumer advocates are urging bank customers to be more careful about the checks they write now that new federal regulations designed to speed up check processing have taken effect.
Troubled King Pharmaceuticals' latest accounting woes threaten to scuttle its merger with Mylan.
Researchers at the University of Minnesota Stem Cell Institute are one step closer to understanding how blood cells develop through the use of human embryonic stem cells.
Most people think oil companies are awash in cash -- until they look at the balance sheet.
TOKYO - There are conflicting reports about whether a Japanese man taken hostage in Iraq last week has been killed by his captors.
Almost half of the IT execs responding to a new Meta survey expect offshoring to increase if George Bush wins reelection as president. Offshoring Blog
Nearly 2 million Muslims from around the world have ended their three-day annual prayer for global peace and harmony outside the Bangladesh capital, Dhaka.
The US Food and Drug Administration has approved a chewable non-calcium drug that can help kidney patients on dialysis manage their phosphorus levels.
Big evolutionary insights sometimes come in little packages. Witness the startling discovery, in a cave on the eastern Indonesian island of Flores, of the partial skeleton of a half-size Homo species that 
AP - The Yankees declined their 2005 option on first baseman Travis Lee on Friday and their 2006 option on reliever Paul Quantrill.
A body found in Iraq is probably that of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda, taken captive by an Islamic militant group in Iraq, according to information obtained by the Japanese government.
The US State Department Friday reiterated the need for free and fair elections in Ukraine and urged Russia to support such a process.
AP - Bragging rights are at best the second-most important thing on the line for No. 12 Michigan when it plays rival Michigan State on Saturday.
The company recently crowned a winner in its Monopoly game, one of its best promotional programs.
AP - A congressional candidate's antebellum home burned down early Friday, and he broke his knee jumping from the second floor.
Osama bin Laden directly admitted for the first time that he carried out the Sept. 11 attacks and promised to outline "the best way to avoid another Manhattan."
Canadians are buying more alcohol, including wine and beer, though less and less of the beer is being sold by domestic producers such as Molson Inc.
For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers filed a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.
Teresa Vanhooser has been appointed co-deputy director of the Engineering Directorate at NASA #39;s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala.
Roger Federer will miss next week #39;s Paris Masters with a torn left thigh, making Andy Roddick the tournament #39;s No. 1-seeded player.
The Chicago Cubs exercised the option of pitcher Ryan Dempster for the 2005 season and could look at the right-hander as a possible closer.
Osama bin Laden delivered a new videotaped message in which he told Americans their security does not depend on the president they elect, but on US policy.
American forces are gearing up for a major operation in the insurgent bastion of Fallujah, where up to 5,000 Islamic militants, Saddam 
Nation's third leading PC maker is turning operations in a positive direction.
Microsoft has joined big Internet service providers, America Online, EarthLink and Yahoo against spamming. The companies announced they are filing three new antispam 
Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - When it comes to political hot potatoes in Saskatchewan, there are few that could burn a government more than daylight time change.
Google Inc. shares came within a nickel of reaching \$200 on Thursday before investors buckled to weakness seen throughout the technology sector as trading came to a close.
The Internet is pretty scary these days. I wish I could say that it was always a treat, but more often than not, you encounter plenty of tricks while surfing the Web.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Monday #39;s bad-tempered contest.
INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) - The Indiana Pacers made a commitment to their floor general Friday, signing point guard Jamaal Tinsley to a contract extension.
Bragging rights are at best the second-most important thing on the line for No. 12 Michigan when it plays rival Michigan State on Saturday.
Al-Qaida terrorist leader Osama bin-Laden has threatened new attacks on the United States in a new videotape aired on al-Jazeera television.
Seriously ill and perhaps fighting for his life, Yasser Arafat was rushed Friday to a military hospital near Paris that specializes in blood disorders.
Top-seeded Andre Agassi beat Spain's Fernando Verdasco 7-6 (4), 6-2 Friday to reach the Stockholm Open semifinals for the first time.
Oil prices bounced back on Friday, ending this week #39;s 8 per cent slide on renewed winter supply fears and jitters ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election.
TOKYO: A body resembling a Japanese hostage who was studying English in New Zealand just weeks ago has been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for identification.
AP - Chauncey Billups couldn't stop a grin from slowly spreading across his face. Could the defending NBA champion Detroit Pistons be even better this season? You bet.
AFP - A new Internet worm was spreading quickly, threatening to overload computer systems around the world by generating copies by e-mail, security experts said.
AP - Billionaire software executive Larry Ellison said Friday that he inquired about buying the San Francisco 49ers only to be told by the current owners that the team isn't for sale.
Osama bin Laden said for the first time that he ordered the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, according to a tape made public today.
Dell and PalmOne roll out their latest pure PDAs, and heap on the extras.
AP - Injuries again kept Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair and running back Chris Brown out of practice Friday, casting doubt on their availability Sunday against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Bocada Inc. is releasing an upgrade of its backup reporting software tailored to help CIOs and other executives meet business goals and achieve regulatory compliance.
Webmail.us is announcing improvements to its service next week and will migrate its core e-mail platform from Microsoft Windows to an open-source platform.
Computer Sciences Corp. will provide Textron Inc. with infrastructure and network support services under a 10-year, \$1 billion contract, the companies announced.
Antivirus software companies warned of three new versions of the Bagle worm that were spreading through infected e-mail attachments.
Microsoft, AOL, EarthLink and Yahoo filed three new lawsuits to stop the spread of unsolicited e-mail.
Four California legislators want the the state's Department of Social Services to take more aggressive steps in notifying 1.4 million residents that their personal information may have been stolen by hackers.
Nearly 3,000 companies have signed up for test accounts to try a beta version of its wiki application for Web-based collaboration. 
PC World - Dell and PalmOne roll out their latest pure PDAs, and heap on the extras.
With all the splash and glitz of a Hollywood premiere, Apple Computer this week introduced the latest version of its popular iPod music player.
SoundBridge M2000 eloquently frees your digital tunes from the PC, but it's pricey.
The shareholder lawsuit against Disney leadership took a melodramatic turn Thursday as a plaintiffs #39; lawyer accused former president Michael Ovitz of leaking 
Law enforcement authorities on both sides of the Atlantic have arrested 28 people on suspicion of operating Web sites that were allegedly designed to steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
NASA, recovering from the four hurricanes that halted work at its Florida spaceport, said on Friday it has set a launch target in May, 2005, for the first 
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indiana Pacers announced Friday that Jamaal Tinsley has signed a contract extension with the team.
After playing only two downs last Sunday against Tennessee, Randy Moss will get another opportunity to increase his role against the Giants.
Europe #39;s second-largest country -ill go to the polls in an election that will have a profound influence on European politics for years to come.
Steve Jobs brings U2 on stage for an iPod photo op, and Wall Street likes what it's hearing.
The Red Sox exercise their option Friday on third baseman Bill Mueller, a former batting champion who had the season-saving single against the Yankees in the ALCS.
Injuries again kept Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair and running back Chris Brown out of practice Friday, casting doubt on their availability Sunday against the Cincinnati Bengals.
DENVER  Microsoft is developing a portal-like interface for its identity management platform that will let users self-manage their identity information and provision network services.
A new 24-hour help desk will cover non-Dell or non-PC problems--for a charge.
US blue-chip stocks finished higher on Friday, helped by gains in energy companies #39; shares, although investors showed caution before next Tuesday #39;s presidential election.
Chelsea have asked the Football Association to hold on to Adrian Mutu #39;s registration while the club investigate ways of gaining compensation for sacking the player.
A British soldier was killed and three others injured on Friday as the Black Watch regiment travelled from southern Iraq to its more dangerous new base near Baghdad, a military spokesman confirmed.
Brazilian media giant Globo has reached a tentative agreement with creditors to restructure \$1.3 billion of debt it racked up during the 1990s.
Google has bought digital map maker Keyhole Corp., extending the search engine leader's bid to fend off rivals with a toolbox that can catalog almost anything in the world.
A new list of the top machines is  about to be released and SGI, IBM and others are jostling for bragging rights.
Walt Disney Co. #39;s directors nominated Michael Ovitz to serve on its board for another three years at a meeting just weeks before forcing him out of his job as 
A Houston jury Friday requested an index to dozens of exhibits in the first Enron criminal trial. US District Judge Ewing Werlein asked lawyers to prepare evidence indexes to 
The Times has abandoned the broadsheet edition of the newspaper, almost a year to the day since it launched a tabloid version for commuters.
Static Control Components scored a big legal win Tuesday after a US appeals court lifted a ban on sales of the Sanford company #39;s rebuilt toner cartridges.
PC World - Company outsources e-mail for small to medium businesses.
AP - All Urban Meyer really wanted to talk about during the week was San Diego State, the next opponent for his ninth-ranked Utah Utes.
AFP - The White House said that US intelligence agencies believe a newly broadcast videotaped threat by Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was authentic and recorded recently.
AFP - A 163-strong Fiji military unit will fly out to Iraq on November 7 to provide security for United Nations personnel, a Fiji Military Force statement said.
A trip by CNET News.com editors and reporters to Dell's headquarters in Texas yields a bonanza of information about the PC maker's plans and operations.
NEW YORK A lackluster report on US gross domestic product sent stocks lower Friday as Wall Street worried that a lack of jobs and high energy prices were holding back economic growth.
CHELSEA enforced a zero tolerance policy against drugs yesterday when they dismissed Adrian Mutu, the Romania striker, for gross misconduct after his positive test for cocaine.
Jonathan Byrd shot his second successive five-under-par 66 on Friday and joined Jeff Sluman on top of the leader board after two rounds at the Chrysler Championship.
US blue-chip stocks ended higher on Friday, helped by gains in energy companies, although investors showed caution before next week #39;s presidential election.
Andre Agassi won his quarterfinal match at the Stockholm Open Friday, but US Open semifinalist Joachim Johansson was forced to retire.
The Tigers just took several steps toward their anticipated bullpen makeover. How far it goes will be determined in the coming days.
IT security experts have warned today that a newly intercepted variant of the infamous mass-mailing Bagle worm, dubbed Bagle.bb, has begun to spread quickly across the Internet.
Manchester United have expressed their disappointment at Arsene Wenger #39;s denials of the post-match tunnel fracas involving his players, and are launching an investigation.
AP - Andrei Kirilenko signed a 6-year,  #36;86 million contract extension with the Utah Jazz, a deal that took three months of negotiations.
AP - Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency Friday, starting the bidding process for the All-Star shortstop.
The coming presidential election is sure to be about as close as they come, and technology is at the heart of much of the surrounding discussion.
AP - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson practiced Friday and is expected to start against the Oakland Raiders on Sunday.
MOSCOW, Idaho -- Former University of Idaho athletic director Bill Belknap fears a divide is being creating over athletics at the state #39;s land grant college.
Mobile phone makers need to protect people from peeping toms and blackmailers who use built-in cameras to take secret pictures, campaigners said today.
Software that lets computers split into virtual machines will create more powerful subdivisions.
AP - After watching their starting pitchers struggle for much of the season, the New York Yankees would like to bring Jon Lieber back for 2005.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has launched a strong defence of the sacking of Romanian striker Adrian Muti for testing positive for cocaine.
AP - The Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan is geologically alive, possibly with liquids moving on its surface, scientists said Thursday.
October 29, 2004 -Des Moines - Their planes may be small, but ATA Connection plays a vital role in keeping air fares low for flights to Chicago and the East Coast.
Apple Computer has unveiled two new versions of its hugely successful iPod: the iPod Photo and the U2 iPod. Apple also has expanded 
Cardinals shortstop Edgar Renteria filed for free agency Friday along with catcher Mike Matheny and outfielder Ray Lankford, two days after the Boston Red Sox swept St.
The Times is to scrap its broadsheet edition after more than 200 years of publication and go tabloid from Monday.
The new boss of scandal-hit US insurance broker Marsh   McLennan says he expects to settle charges brought by New York's attorney-general.
Yasir Arafat arrived in France as the guest of the French government and was taken to a military hospital for treatment of a mysterious ailment.
AP - Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency Friday, two days after the All-Star shortstop's former team, the Boston Red Sox, won the World Series.
Reuters - Two of the greatest shortstops\ever, Barry Larkin and Omar Vizquel, were among the 58 players\to file for free agency on Friday.
The new boss of US insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan said he is confident of settling the charges brought by New York Attorney-General Eliot Spitzer.
Supporters cheer Botswana's President Festus Mogae in the last day of campaigning before Saturday's parliamentary polls.
After half a decade of turmoil, a picture of air travel in the U.S. is starting to emerge, and it is far different from the caring image the airlines like to present.
The economy picked up a little more speed during the summer quarter, but some analysts and executives expressed worries over the economy's vulnerabilities.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Sunday #39;s bad-tempered contest.
The economy picked up a little more speed during the summer quarter from July through September, expanding at a 3.7 percent annual rate, the government reported yesterday.
On 26 October 2004, Cingular Wireless acquired AT amp;T Wireless services after receiving final clearance from the US Federal Communications Commission.
The Indianapolis Star reported Friday that All-Star forward Jermaine O #39;Neal likely will be placed on the injured list due to a strained ligament in his left foot.
Spain's Sergio Garcia comes home in 31 to take a one-shot lead at the Volvo Masters.
Blue-chip stocks ended higher yesterday, helped by gains in energy companies, although investors showed caution before next week #39;s presidential election.
AP - At least one new variant of a worm spread rapidly from Asia and Europe to US computers, filling up people #39;s email accounts, but otherwise causing little apparent damage.
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER Still plagued by problems after the Columbia shuttle disaster, NASA has announced a new target date for getting its spacecraft off the ground.
Carter scored 20 points to lead six players in double figures as the Toronto Raptors posted a 100-92 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers in the preseason finale for both teams.
Steve Waugh described India as the final frontier and it was crossed yesterday by a locum captain and an ageing team as Australia won a series here for the first time in 35 years.
Fans of the Chargers and Raiders can relax: Sunday #39;s game between the two teams at Qualcomm Stadium will be televised locally.
Federal prosecutors are seeking to seize the assets of David Wittig, former chief executive of Kansas' largest electric utility, Westar Energy.
Although government officials asked MedImmune to help with the flu vaccine shortage, the maker of a nasal anti-flu spray will lose money on every dose it sells.
Osama bin Laden said that the best way for the U.S. to avoid a repeat of 9/11 was to stop threatening Muslims' security.
Joe Gibbs told Sean Taylor to take the weekend off and report back on Monday following Taylor's drunken-driving arrest Thursday.
Coach Peter Nowak said the team is approaching their match against the New York/New Jersey MetroStars like any other game.
Ravens running back Chester Taylor, filling in for Jamal Lewis, will face a stern test in the undefeated Philadelphia defense.
Navy has lost its last five homecoming games, including a 21-17 loss to Division I-AA Delaware last season.
The first thing veteran Marine Corps Marathon runners will notice about this year's course is an about-face.
Major League Baseball is expected to interview Mets pitcher John Franco in light of news reports that Franco had given crime family members tickets to a Mets game.
The economy grew at a solid annual rate of 3.7 percent in July, August and September, driven by swelling demand for automobiles and other big-ticket items 
UN forces have been deployed to restore calm in Liberia #39;s capital of Monrovia where sectarian violence sparked widespread looting and destruction.
TELSTRA will remain firmly in Australian hands even after the Government sells its shares in the company, Treasurer Mr Peter Costello said yesterday.
By The Associated Press. Two days after winning the World Series and a day before a parade in Boston to toast the achievement, the Boston Red Sox exercised their option yesterday on 
On Friday, just days before the presidential election, the Bush administration agreed to consider a petition from a coalition of embattled textile manufacturers that would limit some imports from China.
Viktor Yushchenko, the leading opposition candidate for the presidency of Ukraine, planned to hold a rally on Tuesday in a central square in this small city.
The Catholic Church and the Colombian Congress termed as positive the proposal of President Alvaro Uribe to negotiate the liberation of individuals kept as hostages by the FARC 
Russia #39;s Parliament has overwhelmingly approved President Vladimir Putin #39;s plan to reinforce control over Russia by replacing popular elections of regional leaders with a central selection process.
NASA officials said on Friday that the space shuttle Discovery could take off for the International Space Station in May or June in the first of two test flights aimed at resuming normal shuttle operations.
Don Kennedy, who led St. Peter #39;s basketball team from a small-time program to major college status during his 22 years as head coach, has died.
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat was admitted yesterday to a French military hospital near Paris for urgent treatment for what is said to be a potentially fatal blood disorder.
The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an expanding trade deficit, soaring 
A comprehensive four-year study of warming in the Arctic shows that heat-trapping gases from tailpipes and smokestacks around the world are contributing to profound environmental changes 
The injured Red Sox hurler backed off from taking the stage to appear with President Bush at two Granite State campaign events yesterday.
Nagpur: It is fitting that Australia won their battle against the Indian demon in Nagpur, here at the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
Oil prices bounced higher Friday following two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the United States and a move by China to cool its economy.
Space is the one frontier that #39;s out of reach to the average person, but the feeling of space travel is now a little less elusive.
Wall Street ended an otherwise strong week with a mixed finish yesterday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 22.93, or 0.23 percent, to 10,027.
The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent this summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil 
Merck can #39;t expect any immediate relief from the medicine that was supposed to replace Vioxx, the pain medication it took off the market.
The Bush administration, sending another signal that it intends to limit imports of clothing from China next year, announced yesterday that it will consider a request by the US textile industry 
WASHINGTON (Ticker) - Following a poor decision off the field, rookie safety Sean Taylor will be on the sidelines when the Washington Redskins take the field Sunday.
The Bush administration yesterday accepted a petition for new quotas on Chinese-made pants, one in a series of decisions that may lead to extensive protection for US textile and apparel 
NASA is studying the possibility of reducing the number of missions it will fly before retiring its three-orbiter space shuttle fleet, agency officials said Friday.
The Times is to ditch its broadsheet edition and publish in a compact-only format starting on Monday. Almost a year ago, The Times followed in the footsteps of The Independent 
In his 24 seasons studying college quarterbacks - including a pair as a secondary coach at Ohio State -arry Coker has developed a relatively simple outlook on The Scrambler.
Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor did not practice yesterday and Coach Joe Gibbs said he was told to take the weekend off and report back to Redskins Park on Monday in the aftermath of 
Wanted: one football coach. Prior head-coaching experience required (fool us once, shame on us). Must be able to win big yesterday.
A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan said Friday that it would execute the hostages if the authorities pursued their search for the kidnappers.
NASA confirmed Friday that space shuttle missions will resume as early as May, but agency officials said they will study how to cut future missions that would hasten the spacecraft #39;s retirement.
A body resembling a Japanese captive has been found in Iraq and is being shipped to Qatar for identification, Japanese officials have said.
A jury in the first Enron criminal trial appears to be ready to sift through the evidence as they asked the judge Friday afternoon for an index to the dozens of exhibits.
The baseball commissioner #39;s office will wait until after a government investigation to examine whether there has been a relationship between New York Mets reliever John Franco and alleged mobsters.
Costa Rica #39;s former president Miguel Angel Rodriguez was jailed on Friday for six months pendinginvestigation of corruption charges against him.
In its third presidential election, the Internet has finally reached political adolescence. Candidates use it to raise millions and rally their followers.
Brian Vickers struggled to contain his grief Friday for the 10 people killed in the Hendrick Motorsports plane crash last weekend.
Marines just outside the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah were making final preparations Friday for a large-scale offensive that US commanders 
There #39;s more at stake for Pleasantly Perfect in the \$4 million Breeders #39; Cup Classic than trying to repeat last year #39;s victory.
Ideally, Israel would be withdrawing from the Gaza Strip as part of a negotiated settlement with the Palestinians. Ideally, there would be no suspicion that the withdrawal is part 
Ukraine #39;s extremely important national elections tomorrow are causing deep concern among Canada #39;s ethnic Ukrainian communities and, far too late, in Europe and the United States.
It has never bothered me that I have been the only person I know who loves my eMachines computers. The computers are inexpensive and they are more than adequate for my word processing 
In a blow to printer company Lexmark International, a federal appeals court overturned on Tuesday an order that barred a North Carolina company from making computer chips for ink cartridge replacements.
Saturdays at Jack #39;s Drum Shop on Boylston Street are usually the slowest. But with the Red Sox victory parade passing by this morning, the shop will 
Doctors in France treating the Palestinian leader, Yassar Arafat, have told him that it will be several days before they know exactly what is wrong with him.
On 11th November 1572 the renowned Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe witnessed a titanic supernova explosion, although at the time he was unaware of the phenomena he was seeing.
The national economy grew at a solid rate in the last three months, boosted by a rebound in consumer spending and another strong quarter of business investment, the Commerce Department reported yesterday.
The world #39;s oil producers don #39;t have much capacity to increase output, which should keep prices high throughout 2005, Venezuela #39;s oil minister said Thursday.
The Recording Industry Association of America yesterday (Oct. 28) brought a new round of copyright-infringement lawsuits against 750 file sharers, including 25 users on 13 university campuses.
JOSE MOURINHO revealed last night that he accused Adrian Mutu of being a coke-head the very first time he met the Romanian striker.
The landscape has changed since Smarty Jones #39; meteoric rise from obscurity to stardom last spring, when the colt from Pennsylvania appeared to be 
It will be at least Monday before French doctors know what #39;s ailing Yasser Arafat, a hospital spokesman said yesterday, hours after the Palestinian leader arrived in Paris for 
A body found in Iraq first thought to be that of 24-year-old Japanese hostage Shosei Koda is now likely to be someone else, according to Japanese officials.
Decatur resident Chris Singer was recently appointed co-deputy director of the Engineering Directorate at NASA #39;s Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville.
Nomar Garciaparra filed for free agency yesterday, two days after the All-Star shortstop #39;s former team, the Boston Red Sox, won the World Series.
ONE of the most violent computer games ever made is also set to be the most popular ever, grossing more than the blockbuster movie Titanic, early sales predictions have suggested.
Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson has accused Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger of having a mental problem when it comes to Ruud van Nistelrooy.
It used to be said that there was so little camaraderie on the Boston Red Sox that they needed 25 cabs for 25 players after their games.
The Sudanese government and rebels in Darfur have failed to agree on a security protocol that would restart talks to end the conflict in the region.
Disgraced newspaper baron Conrad Black is calling it quits. Black is set to step down from the chairman #39;s post of his newspaper empire Hollinger Inc.
THE president of Opec, the oil producers #39; cartel, called an end to the season of high crude oil prices by stating that stocks had returned to normal levels.
Levein informed Hearts players at training yesterday that he and Peter Houston would be joining Leicester. The former Scottish international replaces Micky Adams at The Walkers Stadium following his departure earlier this month.
Joe Paterno points to the four freshman he has played this season as proof of his willingness to do so. Jim Tressel, meanwhile, has had less choice.
ROME -- European Union leaders on Friday signed the EU #39;s first constitution, an ambitious charter that aims to raise the union #39;s profile on the world stage.
The Thai authorities say they are to release 900 people detained six days ago during a protest in the south of the country in which 85 Muslims died.
Israelis were up at dawn Friday, just to see live television coverage of Yasser Arafat leaving his compound in Ramallah and flying out of the Middle East.
Giants center Shaun O #39;Hara remained hospitalized Friday afternoon with an infection in his left leg, making his chances of playing Sunday against the Vikings remote.
The baseball commissioner #39;s office will wait until after a government investigation to examine whether there has been a relationship between New York Mets reliever John Franco and alleged mobsters.
The US administration believes that the pre-election campaign in Ukraine has several serious flaws, as an official spokesman for the US State Department Richard Boucher put it.
The economy expanded at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and 
Proposition 72 is a \$7 billion employer-mandated health-care tax to create a massive government run health-care system aimed at helping the uninsured.
The Boston Red Sox exercised their option Friday on third baseman Bill Mueller, a former batting champion who had the season-saving single against the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series.
King Norodom Sihamoni, a former dancer, was chosen to succeed his father Norodom Sihanouk after he announced his abdication earlier this month.
A militant group that has claimed responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners in Afghanistan said on Saturday the hostages were safe for now but would be killed unless all Taliban prisoners were released.
The aunt of Queen Elizabeth, Princess Alice, died on Friday at the age of 102, Buckingham Palace say. She had been the longest living member of the Royal Family.
The nation #39;s economy grew at a moderately strong pace in the three months ending Sept. 30, driven by solid gains in consumer spending, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
The Bulgarian counterfeit master of Bill Gates-card has played a crucial role in the international cyber gang busted in seven countries earlier this week.
Palestinian sources tell the Associated Press that doctors who specialize in the blood disease are examining Arafat. The 75-year-old Palestinian leader has been sick for the past two weeks.
A body inspected Saturday to determined whether it is that of the Japanese hostage was not the one found early, a senior Japanese official said.
A militant group that has claimed responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners in Afghanistan said on Saturday the hostages were safe for now but would be killed unless all Taliban prisoners were released.
Oil prices bounced back on Friday, ending this week #39;s 8 percent slide on renewed winter supply fears and jitters ahead of next week #39;s US presidential election.
The Times newspaper announced Saturday it will be printed in the tabloid form only from Monday after more than 200 years as a broadsheet.
Southwest Airlines, the discount carrier that has long stuck to its policy of seating passengers on a first-come, first-served basis, is seriously considering assigning seats, officials said.
Loss-making MG Rover has already received millions of pounds from Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation, the Chinese carmaker with which it is negotiating a strategic alliance.
WORLD champion Sebastien Loeb will not be taking it easy on the Rally Catalunya after taking the lead on the first day of the event.
_ Newly minted World Series hero Curt Schilling canceled a scheduled campaign appearance with President Bush on Friday, saying his doctors advised him not to travel because of his injured ankle.
The world watches the unfolding drama as the man who has become the symbol for Palestinian nationalism seems to hover between life and death.
I have no problem with Microsoft operating in a market environment. Given a choice, I am sure many of us would gladly pay for Windows and Office rather than use Linux and Open Office.
There was a lot of damage to be repaired, but Darren Clarke did as good a job as he could reasonably have been expected to when he resumed the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today.
The Times took many by surprise with its announcement that it was abandoning its broadsheet format after 216 years. Few thought it would risk alienating so many of its loyal readers, such 
Top seed Andre Agassi won a hard-fought battle against Germany #39;s Tommy Haas in the semi-finals of the Stockholm Open on Saturday.
DEAR readers, the formal signing of EUs first constitution is a major step forward in the dream to put in place a unified Europe, but the main task before the leaders now is how 
The venerable Times of London published its final edition as a broadsheet newspaper on Saturday. On Monday, it relaunches as a tabloid.
UN nuclear watchdog head Mohamed ElBaradei has dismissed claims he timed news of missing explosives in Iraq to affect the outcome of the US election.
A militant Islamic group claiming responsibility for kidnapping three foreigners working for the United Nations in Afghanistan has provided proof it has the hostages, diplomatic and security sources said on Saturday.
A car bomb exploded outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad on Saturday, injuring 16 people, police said.
KABUL - A breakaway Taleban group claiming to hold three UN workers threatened Saturday to execute them unless foreign troops withdrew from Afghanistan and condemned its invasion by US-led forces.
Ryan Newman will start Sunday #39;s NASCAR race from a familiar spot -he pole. By Ric Feld, AP. Newman captured his third straight pole and eighth of 
October 30, 2004 - Police in Iraq say 16 people have been injured after a car bomb exploded outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad.
The Bangladesh government confirmed Saturday the identity of one of its nationals taken hostage by militants in Iraq, officials said.
Arab television has shown a video tape of a Sudanese interpreter in Iraq who said he had been kidnapped and called on his US employer to leave Iraq.
Three of the four hurricanes to come ashore in the state swept over or near the Kennedy Space Center on Florida #39;s eastern coast.
Tony Blair has signed the new EU constitution as Foreign Secretary Jack Straw indicated any referendum on the treaty will not be held until 2006.
Eight US marines were killed and nine wounded in action west of Baghdad Saturday, the US military said. It gave no details on the circumstances of the deaths, which it said occurred in 
VMware, the EMC subsidiary whose software lets a computer run multiple operating systems simultaneously in separate  quot;virtual machines, quot; has grown a step more ambitious.
It is claimed that Al-Qaeda terrorist network leader Osama Bin Laden lives in a northeastern part of the Afghani capital Kabul in a safe place under the protection of a tribe.
Makoto Tamada took his third pole position of the season with a blistering lap late in final qualifying at Valencia today. The Camel Honda rider, who 
Crystal Palace continued their hot streak on Saturday when a breakaway goal by striker Andrew Johnson against his former club gave them a 1-0 victory at Birmingham City.
A car bomb attack Saturday at the al-Arabiya network offices in Baghdad killed seven people and injured 19, police said. Police Lt.
THE bulk of an 850-strong group of British troops was today gathering near their new base in a United States- controlled area of Iraq.
I am expecting the Red Sox to beat the Cardinals. The Red Sox are an unbelievable team determined to achieve their goal of winning the World Series.
Leukemia specialists examined ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat at a French military hospital to determine whether he suffers from the blood cancer, Palestinian officials said Saturday.
US military officials say eight American marines were killed and nine others injured Saturday in al-Anbar, west of Baghdad. Also Saturday, seven people died and 16 others were 
\$222.5 million -- in an ongoing securities class action lawsuit against Enron Corp. The settlement, announced Friday and 
Google Inc. GOOG.O plans to release a version of its desktop search tool for computers running on the Mac operating system from Apple Computer Inc.
Andy Johnson scored his eighth Premiership goal of the season, tying him for the league lead, as Crystal Palace beat Birmingham 1-0 away for its third straight victory.
Tension was high in Ukraine Saturday as the nation prepared to vote for a new president in an election that pits West against East.
Russia #39;s Mikhail Youzhny and Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck won three-set semifinals Saturday and will play for the St. Petersburg Open title.
The Italian nominee had been heavily criticised for his alleged comments on gays, single parents and the role of men and women, and these led Commission president-designate Jose Manuel Barroso 
Eight US Marines have been killed in fighting west of Baghdad, while a car bomb outside a television centre in the Iraqi capital has left at least seven dead.
A bomb exploded outside the office of Dubai-based Al Arabiya television in western Baghdad Saturday, wounding half a dozen employees.
Russia #39;s lower house of parliament gave tentative backing Friday to a key electoral reform proposed by President Vladimir Putin following a series of recent terror attacks that have killed hundreds and stunned Russians.
An injury-time goal by Dutch substitute Robin van Persie saved Arsenal from a second successive defeat on Saturday, earning the champions a 2-2 home draw with Southampton.
Crude oil futures gained Friday as traders worried that labor unrest in Nigeria might cause fresh supply disruptions. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil for December 
Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the controversial military deployment from Basra spoke tonight of their devastation at his death.
Liberia #39;s interim leader announced on Saturday a temporary lifting of a curfew imposed after religious riots gripped the capital Monrovia to allow residents to venture out to buy food.
The 2-year-old boy rescued after being under rubble for four days after an earthquake in Japan, keeps asking about his mother.  quot;When will my mom come?
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has revived its long-running crackdown on file-swapping through legal action, suing 750 alleged filing copyright infrigement suits again 
NEW YORK - Eight US marines have been killed west of Baghdad in a region that has become a flashpoint of anger over the US occupation of Iraq.
Beginning Monday all editions of the venerable Times of London will be printed in tabloid format, just as the Sun and other not-quite-so-venerable newspapers.
Men #39;s tennis chief Mark Miles says players have only themselves to blame for the fitness problems that have led to a wave of withdrawals from recent tournaments.
A car bomb killed eight US Marines outside Fallujah on Saturday, the deadliest attack against the US military in nearly six months.
The Recording Industry Association of America filed on Thursday another round of lawsuits against alleged file-swappers, including students on 13 university campuses.
Alastair Forsyth will take a three-stroke lead into the Volvo Masters final round on Sunday after overshadowing tournament favourite and playing-partner Sergio Garcia.
Facing new violence and harsh criticism, the prime minister yesterday said he would set up an independent commission to investigate the 
30 October -- Ukraine #39;s Interior Minister warned police will use force if needed to uphold security in tomorrow #39;s presidential elections.
Northwestern characterizes its offense as a spread formation, but dont expect to see too many familiarities with the kind of spread offense Purdue uses.
Chris Henry caught a 39-yard scoring pass and set up another touchdown with a long catch before being kicked out of the game, leading No.
Nextel Cup regular Matt Kenseth held off an emotional Kyle Busch in a two-lap sprint to the finish, winning the Busch race at Atlanta Motor Speedway on Saturday.
The Qatar-based Al-Jazeera TV channel on Saturday aired footage of a Polish woman held hostage by a militant group in Iraq calling for the withdrawal of Polish troops from the 
The tiny humans may have been hunted by large lizards -- bigger versions of the Komodo dragons that still roam the island and which have been known to eat people.
Michigan State quarterback Drew Stanton left the Michigan game Saturday with a strained shoulder, cutting short a strong performance.
A car bomb has destroyed the Baghdad offices of Arabic, Al-Arabiya television station leaving at least seven people dead and scores wounded.
HAMPTON, Ga. -- Ryan Newman won his fourth straight pole position at Atlanta Motor Speedway on Friday during Georgia-Pacific Qualifying Night.
New versions of the Bagle worm are rolling onto the Internet, prompting antivirus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
Once a cult among geeks, it has now sold 32 million copies and provoked global debates on violence, but has Grand Theft Auto elevated video games to art?
INDIANAPOLIS: Indiana shooting guard Reggie Miller broke a bone in his left hand Friday in the first quarter of Fridays National Basketball Association pre-season finale against Denver.
ROME: Calling himself an innocent victim, Italys Rocco Buttiglione withdrew as a candidate for the incoming European Commission on Saturday to help ease an unprecedented crisis for the executive.
To hear Lord Black tell it, from a business perspective at least, all was proceeding according to the master plan. We exchanged e-mails in late August as I was toiling 
THERE was room for only 50 people in the tiny Georgetown, Delaware, courtroom last week to hear Walt Disneys former president describe bitterly how his 14-month tenure ended.
The most comprehensive international assessment of Arctic climate change has concluded that Earth #39;s upper latitudes are experiencing unprecedented increases in temperature 
Singletary stormed to the lead at the top of the stretch and won Saturday #39;s \$1.5 million Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Lone Star Park.
EVANSTON, Ill. Noah Herron #39;s three-yard touchdown run with 38 seconds left pushed Northwestern past 17th-ranked Purdue 13-to-10.
LONDON, October 29 /PRNewswire/ -- The Times has today announced that from Monday November 1 2004 it will be compact-only six days a week.
A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a poll in a Sunday newspaper.
The venerable Times of London published its final edition as a broadsheet newspaper yesterday. Tomorrow, it relaunches as a tabloid.
Scotland #39;s Alastair Forsyth will take a three-stroke lead over Sergio Garcia and Ian Poulter into the final round of the Volvo Masters today.
Wherever he has gone, the trainer Todd Pletcher has had no problem winning races or earning money. He has established records for the most victories at meets at 
Fifth-ranked Florida State was in the process of completing another comeback on the road, and Maryland coach Ralph Friedgen could think of only one course of action.
As he was ushered off the field Saturday, West Virginia receiver Chris Henry gestured belligerently toward the stands until he reached the tunnel.
Ukrainians vote for a new president today against a backdrop of explosions, predictions of massive ballot-rigging and fears of widespread violence.
Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the deployment from Basra to an area near Baghdad said last night they were devastated at the news of his death.
The bodies had been whisked away but the dried pool of blood covering the dirt-floor dead end of a twisting alley was a chilling sign of what happened here last week.
Vijay Singh made a 30-foot birdie putt on the 17th hole that changed everything yesterday at the Chrysler Championship in Palm Harbor, Fla.
Samuel Eto #39;o took his scoring total to eight this season as FC Barcelona drew 1-1 with Athletic Bilbao in the Spanish league on Saturday.
The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the 
Joel Statham passed for for 333 yards Saturday as Maryland posted a 20-17 upset of No. 5 Florida State -- its first victory over the Seminoles.
Sir Alex Ferguson has called on the Football Association to punish Arsenal #39;s Thierry Henry for an incident involving Gabriel Heinze.
Michigan State often complains that Michigan doesnt respect the rivalry -- especially when the games are played in Ann Arbor. Well, the Spartans finally might have won the Wolverines respect.
NASA (news - web sites) is aiming for a mid-May launch of the first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy almost two years ago.
Conner Barth booted a 42-yard field goal on the final play of the game, giving North Carolina a shocking 31-28 upset of the fourth-ranked Hurricanes on Saturday night.
Razee Dorloh, 22, left his house built on stilts near the riverbank on Monday morning without a word, his family recounted. He headed for the district police station 
THIS IS NOT a good weekend to hold a presidential election if you are not American and would like to have the attention of the United States and its major allies.
US stocks gained this week as a plunge in oil prices allayed concern that higher fuel costs will slow earnings and economic growth.
New Delhi: The Government on Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of raising the retail prices of petrol and diesel prices. A decision is likely to be taken tomorrow.
Better come focused, not drift. Remember the last visit here and recognize exactly what could be at stake. It #39;s the new USC theme -- win or else.
By the time Joel Statham walked into the Gossett Team House cafeteria around 8 pm last night, the delirious crowd had dispersed from the Byrd Stadium field.
A Japanese hostage has been beheaded in Iraq, Japanese officials said on Sunday, but Tokyo vowed it would keep its troops in the country on their reconstruction mission.
A breakaway faction of the Taliban movement on Saturday provided the first direct proof that it was holding three UN workers who were abducted last Thursday at gunpoint.
Apple Computer #39;s stock has continued to soar along with sales of its iPod digital music player, topping \$50 a share for the first time in four years.
The first thorough assessment of a decadeslong Arctic warming trend shows the region is undergoing profound changes, including sharp retreats of glaciers and sea ice, thawing of permafrost 
Three things all Yankees baseball people were on the same page about at their Tampa meeting with George Steinbrenner: 1) Going for Carlos Beltran.
NIIGATA - About 200 mourners attended the funeral Saturday for a mother and daughter killed in a landslide following powerful earthquakes Oct 23 in Niigata Prefecture.
Japan #39;s government on Sunday said it is now certain that a 24-year-old Japanese backpacker taken hostage in Iraq has been killed.
Changes are bringing Americans closer to a checkless society -- changes that could be costly if you aren #39;t careful. The first checks in the United States were 
Do you want to see healthy economic growth, with low inflation and low unemployment rates? Then look outside your window. According to the scorekeepers at the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the 
Japan #39;s Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura has confirmed a headless body found Saturday in Baghdad is that of Japanese hostage Shosei Koda.
Wal-Mart Stores said Saturday that shopping traffic dropped in the past week as it estimated October same-store sales growth at 2.8 percent.
Business India: New Delhi, Oct 30 : The government Saturday deferred a decision on the issue of hiking prices of petroleum products.
Thirty-two countries and regions will participate the Fifth China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition, opening Nov. 1 in Zhuhai, a city in south China #39;s Guangdong Province.
THE oldest British Royal in history, Princess Alice, the Duchess of Gloucester, has died at the age of 102 after a life that mixed both adventure and personal tragedy.
Public sector oil companies have in the first seven months of the current fiscal lost Rs 3,646 crore on selling petrol and diesel below the imported cost.
Economists say China may need to raise interest rates again in the coming months as it struggles to cool its economy and move toward free-market banking reforms.
China will showcase a range of advanced military hardware, including missiles and satellites, at a major air show and exhibition in southern China next week, state media reported Saturday.
Vijay Singh, in his quest to surpass ten million dollars in winnings this year, leads the Chrysler Championship by one stroke over Tommy Armour III after three rounds.
Description: Separate car bombs kill eight Marines near Fallujah and at least seven people at the Al Arabiya television office in Baghdad.
King Norodom Sihamoni, right, prays to Buddhist monks after the bathing ceremony at the Royal Palace in Phnom Penh Friday, Oct. 29, 2004.
A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan told news agencies Saturday that the hostages would be killed unless all Taliban 
New technology can trick a caller ID box into displaying the name and phone number of an entirely different person or company than the one actually calling.
I hate parades. Hate em. I guess I never really got the point. On the excitement scale theyre right up there with walking through your average suburban mall.
When a huge upset happens, the easy tendency is to assume that the game was a fluke, that if repeated several times, the result would be drastically different.
The \$14 million Breeders #39; Cup at Lone Star Park today shapes up like a  quot;Texas shootout, quot; according to the Daily Racing Form.
At 11:33 am yesterday, in a mist of rain and confetti, a boy and his father watched history being made. The boy was 45 years old, his dad 77.
The election on Nov. 2 will have many far-reaching implications, not the least of which is mankind #39;s fledgling reach into space.
The United States is to resume its space shuttle program next year after the Columbia shuttle tragedy in 2003. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or NASA, announced 
It was a carefully scripted moment when Russian President Vladimir Putin began quoting Taras Shevchenko, this country #39;s 19th-century bard, during a live television 
New technology can trick US caller-ID services into displaying someone else #39;s name and telephone number, the Washington Post reported Saturday.
Thirty-two countries and regions are scheduled to participate in the Fifth China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition Monday in Zhuhai, China.
With a whole universe to explore and dozens of potential targets in the solar system to examine in closer detail, spending \$3.3 billion on an 11-year 
Sure, California quarterback Aaron Rodgers and running back JJ Arrington get the lion share of the publicity for the Golden Bears.
Nine Marines were killed yesterday and nine injured when their convoy was hit by a car bomber in the deadliest attack on US troops in Iraq since May.
Ukrainians began casting their ballot Sunday in the presidential election to choose a successor to President Leonid Kuchma. A total of 24 candidates were on the ballot to succeed 
A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb yesterday next to a US military convoy west of Baghdad, killing eight Marines and wounding nine.
MSU #39;s plan to move its medical school to west Michigan is impractical and too costly, according to a report that lays out an alternative arrangement.
New Delhi, Oct. 31(NNN): As international oil prices continued to soar, petrol and diesel prices are likely to be hiked from Monday (November 1).
Tomorrow, in a sudden sweep of decision-making, the Times waves goodbye to broadsheet life forever. No more two-version publication, no more broadsheets on Saturday.
While the entire airline industry #39;s finances are under water, ATA Airlines will have to hold its breath longer than its competitors to keep from going belly up.
Local favourite Thomas Johansson is the last man standing between Andre Agassi and the 60th title of his career as the pair head into the final of the Stockholm Open.
Flinching in the trenches, holding around quarterback Chris Leak and even a late hit by punter Eric Wilbur plagued Florida throughout the game.
Senior Palestinian figures gathered at Yasser Arafat #39;s battered West Bank compound on Saturday to show that the Palestinian leadership was still functioning.
The former deputy prime minister of Malaysia, Anwar Ibrahim, has addressed hundreds of supporters who gathered outside his home after he returned from surgery in Germany.
The Philippine government said on Sunday that the Philippine envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, Jorge Arizabal, is now in Kabul to coordinate with UN officials and Afghan authorities 
Rocco Buttiglione, the Italian nominee to the European Commission whose views on homosexuality resulted in an impasse with MEPs, yesterday decided to step aside.
The No. 1 player takes the Chrysler lead and is in position to tie Tiger Woods for victories in a season. By BOB HARIG, Times Staff Writer.
Battered and beaten, Ron Zook jogged away from another disappointment Saturday evening. Once again, the ache was chiseled into the lines across his face, from the tightness 
Florida State coach Bobby Bowden didn #39;t play along when asked after Saturday #39;s game if there is a quarterback controversy brewing in Tallahassee.
The full moon turns red and orange as it passes the Space Needle in Seattle during a total lunar eclipse Wednesday evening, Oct. 27, 2004.
This will go down as another tough loss for Ron Zook, the beleaguered Florida head coach who was fired on Monday. Another punch in the gut.
Karachi - Sanath Jayasuriya hit his 14th Test hundred as Sri Lanka reached 234 for two at lunch on the fourth day of the second Test against Pakistan on Sunday.
French doctors are checking Yasser Arafat for viral infection after tests ruled out leukaemia and any other life-threatening illness, aides to the Palestinian leader said today.
NOGATA, Fukuoka -- The elder brother of the Japanese man found murdered in Baghdad said his parents were unable to respond when a city official visited on Sunday due to shock.
Fifteen people were wounded early Sunday outside a hospital in the Chechen capital in a car bombing that apparently targeted the security service headed by the 
TEHERAN - The Iranian parliament on Sunday passed a bill backing the resumption of uranium enrichment, just as the international community is pushing Tehran to end the practice permanently.
Militants holding a Briton and two other foreign UN workers in Afghanistan have threatened to kill them unless all Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners are released from US 
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is planning to call general elections in February, ahead of schedule, to maximise his present opinion poll advantage over his opponents.
Three people believed to be the UN hostages seized by militants in Afghanistan have appeared in a video shown by Arabic TV Al-Jazeera.
Banks can destroy checks: The new law, known as Check 21, allows banks to destroy original paper checks and to convert them into digitized equivalents.
An economist has warned that China did not raise its interest rates enough to curb inflation, the China Daily reported. Tang Min, chief economist with the resident mission 
Disgraced Romanian striker Adrian Mutu on Sunday blasted Premiership side Chelsea for their haste in sacking him after testing positive for a banned substance.
The Japanese government says it is undeterred in its fight against terrorism, following the killing of a Japanese hostage in Iraq.
After Ron Zook was fired Monday as the University of Florida #39;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.
The Iranian parliament has passed the first stage of a bill which would force the government to resume its uranium enrichment programme.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Japanese leaders on Sunday insisted they would not cut short their troops deployment in Iraq despite the discovery of the body of a Japanese backpacker killed by Islamic militants.
The founder and chief executive of the largest private equity fund in Russia has said that the fate of Yukos stands entirely at the whim of President Vladimir Putin, but that 
When he sought to overturn the trade that sent him from San Francisco to Baltimore last March, Terrell Owens said there were several factors that led to his decision.
TWO mortars hit a military base in a restive region south of Baghdad today where a battle group of British soldiers has recently arrived, causing no casualties, a spokesman said.
Iran #39;s parliament approved on Sunday an outline of a new bill obliging the government to resume uranium enrichment activities - which the country views as a national.
The Philippine government is sending a team to Afghanistan, to monitor United Nations efforts for the release of a Filipino and two other foreign nationals abducted in the capital, Kabul.
With ATA Airlines having crash-landed into bankruptcy court last week, the future of the airlines Fort Wayne-to-Chicago air service isnt the only thing up in the air.
New Delhi: Petrol and diesel prices will not be increased this fortnight. The government has decided to wait till the US presidential elections are over, official sources said.
Mikhail Youzhny won the second title of his career with a straightforward victory over Karol Beck in the final of the St Petersburg Open on Sunday.
When trainer Donald Chatlos brought Singletary to Bay Meadows to win the San Francisco Breeders #39; Cup Mile on April 24, it was part of a much bigger plan.
Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has rejected criticism of his club #39;s decision to sack Romanian striker Adrian Mutu after he tested positive for cocaine earlier this month.
It usually comes down to one or two plays each Sunday, and for the last 13 months, the New England Patriots have made them all. Its an incredible feat, but one the Pittsburgh 
Pakistani spinner Danish Kaneria has ripped through the Sri Lankan order taking five wickets on the fourth day of the second Test in Karachi.
JJ Arrington ran for 188 yards and a touchdown on 30 carries as the California Golden Bears shut out Arizona State, 27-0, in Berkeley, Calif.
Top seed Amelie Mauresmo won her fourth title of the year with a comprehensive victory over Elena Bovina at the Generali Open in Linz, Austria.
Investors shrugged when state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Dec. 10, 2001, that he was investigating research at Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
It was meant to bring a little levity to a potentially uncomfortable situation, a joke that John Bunting trotted out from time to time this fall.
As the Boston Red Sox buried decades of futility and anguish this week, the Maryland football program has slain its own mighty dragon.
A win by Democratic challenger John Kerry in next week #39;s US presidential election may give stocks a lift, if history is any guide.
Get some earplugs Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is hitting stores, and the sound from cash registers ringing up copies of the video game could be deafening.
Prime Minister Tony Blair may call general elections in February 2005 instead of in May, as had been widely expected, two newspapers reported Sunday.
AUSTRALIA needed to be doing more than giving out fridge magnets in the war against terror, Labor #39;s foreign affairs spokesman Kevin Rudd said yesterday.
Sri Lanka were 361 for seven in their second innings, a lead of 91, at close of play on the fourth day of the second Test against Pakistan at Karachi on Sunday.
WAYNE BENNETT thought it would take the Kangaroos 70 minutes to put Britain away in their Tri-Nations rugby league Test early yesterday morning (AEDT).
NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq - A car bomb killed eight US Marines outside Fallujah on Saturday, the deadliest attack against the US military in nearly six months.
The Melbourne Cup is known as  #39;the race that stops a nation #39;, owing to its standing as Australia #39;s most popular horse race.
TOKYO -- A report says the Japanese government has confirmed that a decapitated body found in Iraq is that of a Japanese man taken hostage by Islamic militants earlier this week.
We have grown taller and heavier since the 1960s, according to a new study, but compared with a newly discovered human species, we are really, really huge.
Leg-spinner Danish Kaneria claimed six wickets today to effect a Sri Lankan batting collapse and put Pakistan in a strong position heading into the final day of the second cricket Test.
Fines worth more than \$12 million US were imposed on those establishments that allowed children to play violent or adult-only games and for other violations.
A video shown on Arabic television Sunday shows three people believed to be UN hostages who were seized by militants in Afghanistan.
Markko Martin won his second event in succession as he held off a late charge from Marcus Gronholm to come out on top in Rally Catalunya.
Having ruled out leukaemia, French doctors were trying for a third day to determine what was causing the dramatic deterioration in Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats health.
FALLUJAH - Any motorist who slows down is seen as a suspected suicide bomber. Fingers squeeze triggers at the slightest movement around nearby houses.
Valencia, Spain - World champion Valentino Rossi of Italy won the MotoGP at the season-ending Valencia Grand Prix on Sunday, adding more glory to a fabulously successful year.
NAGPUR - The Indian dressing room was empty after stumps as the hooting and hollering from the Australian shed drifted over the Vidarbha Cricket Association ground.
The kidnappers of three foreign election workers in Afghanistan say they will kill their hostages by Wednesday if a list of demands is not met.
Downing Street has brushed aside reports that British Prime Minister Tony Blair has ordered a snap general election for February. The BBC reported Sunday a spokesman for Blair 
Sports India, Cricket: New Delhi, Oct.31 : The Centre has decided that it will not hike oil prices inspite of the spiralling international cost of crude.
The Red Sox right-hander has recorded automated phone calls that will be made in New Hampshire, Maine, and Pennsylvania through Tuesday, Election Day.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers and Aberdeen finished up weekend play in the Scottish Premier League on Sunday at Ibrox.
ESTONIA #39;S Markko Martin won his second successive world championship rally today as he took the Rally of Catalonia in a Ford Focus.
Iran #39;s parliament has passed a bill obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
More African Union troops from Rwanda have deployed in western Sudan to help monitor a cease-fire in the region. Rwandan military officials say 100 soldiers arrived Sunday in the North Darfur capital 
It might be possible to make a pill that prevents the brain damage that marks Alzheimer #39;s disease, US researchers said Thursday.
Newly-crowned MotoGP champion, Valentino Rossi, has revealed that, contrary to speculation, he has no intention of switching to F1, for at least a couple of years.
Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse will not play again this season after breaking his leg against Blackburn yesterday. The 23-year-old France striker was carried off on a stretcher in 
A French soldier from International Security Assistance Force keeps the guard at a checkpoint in a residential area of Kabul, Afghanistan #39;s capital, on Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004.
Does Wall Street like Bush or Kerry? At this point, investors would be happy with having a clear winner by the opening bell on Wednesday, no matter who it might be.
and the steel industry will never be the same because of it. Ross, the financier who in less than three years cobbled together his International 
31 October 2004 -- The United Nations has again appealed for the kidnappers of three UN workers in Afghanistan to release them unharmed.
BOLTON returned to fourth place in the Premier League with a win that ended the vistors #39; unbeaten run under manager Graeme Souness.
Nigerian workers will go on strike protesting recent 25 percent increase of petroleum products from Nov. 16, a leading trade unionist said here Sunday.
Allies of President Hugo Chavez and opposition candidates competed for key gubernatorial and mayoral posts in elections Sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically fueled clashes.
China may avoid a sudden economic slowdown after the central bank raised benchmark interest rates for the first time in nine years last week, a survey showed.
Curt Schilling wasnt supposed to pitch again this year, but hes endorsing President Bush in automated phone calls being made in three battleground states through Election Day.
BOLTON, Oct 31 (SW) - Bolton Wanderers keep on impressing in the English Premier League, giving Newcastle United their third defeat of the season on Sunday.
It won #39;t be long before the Red Sox #39;s historic World Series win is immortalized in the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown.
Two mortars hit a military base in a restive region south of Baghdad on Sunday where a battle group of British soldiers have recently arrived, causing no casualties, a spokesman said.
A Canadian version of the US no-fly list that infamously had folksinger Cat Stevens deported and Ted Kennedy hassled at airports is running into legal turbulence.
Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
There is no question in trainer Bobby Frankels mind who will claim Horse of the Year honors when the Eclipse Awards are handed out in January.
Terrell Owens found a new way to celebrate touchdowns: He mocked Ray Lewis. Owens had an 11-yard TD catch and David Akers kicked three field goals, helping the Philadelphia Eagles beat 
Every night, millions of cashed checks fly around the country, headed for their home bank. Starting Thursday, technology will begin grounding many of those flights.
Thomas Johansson denied top-seeded American Andre Agassi his second title of the year in a riveting three-set match while he collected his second If.
Defiant lawmakers - shouting Death to America #39; #39; - unanimously voted Sunday to approve the outline of a bill requiring the government to resume uranium enrichment, a 
2004 MotoGP World Champion Valentino Rossi wrapped up the BMW 2004 MotoGP Best Qualifier Award this afternoon at the circuit of Valencia after speeding to another front row start.
Disgraced Romanian striker Adrian Mutu has blasted English Premier League side Chelsea for their haste in sacking him after he tested positive for a banned substance.
Byron Leftwich sealed yet another victory with a touchdown throw in the game #39;s final minute. This time, he did so for the other team.
Jiri Novak won his second title in three weeks with a battling performance against David Nalbandian in the final of the Swiss Indoors on Sunday.
Irving, TX (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions rookie wide receiver Roy Williams was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against the Dallas Cowboys.
Liverpool #39;s Djibril Cisse was taken to hospital with a suspected broken left leg after being stretchered off against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.
A coalition of leftist elements is predicted to win Uruguay #39;s presidential election on Sunday - ending the conservative parties #39; dominance of more than 170 years.
Traces of the word  quot;video quot; linger beneath a new sign that just went up on a suburban Blockbuster store here. In its place hangs 
Aspyr Media, Inc., an entertainment publisher delivering fun in the form of games, music and DVDs, and game developer Wideload Games, Inc.
Singh claimed his ninth win Sunday - the most on the PGA Tour in 54 years - as he cruised to a five-stroke victory at the \$5 million Chrysler Championship.
North Carolina coach John Bunting never lost faith in his players, unabashedly supporting them even while their mistakes and poor play led to more losses.
LONDON: Tony Blairs office played down reports on Sunday that the British prime minister plans to call a snap general election in February.
The people who call Dell Inc. #39;s customer service line often have no idea why their computers are running so slow. The ones who call America Online Inc.
Palm Harbor, FL (Sports Network) - Vijay Singh, the top-ranked player in the world, fired a six-under 65 on Sunday to cruise to victory at the Chrysler Championship.
JOHN Kerry supporters have a welcome omen for their US presidential candidate: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins yesterday.
Crude oil futures may fall on speculation China #39;s first interest rate rise in nine years will slow demand growth amid rising US inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.
If the Philadelphia Eagles finally reach the Super Bowl this season, their tight victories the last two weeks will probably have more to do with it than their first five easy victories.
Although top-seeded Russian Marat Safin couldn #39;t deliver, the hometown fans at the ATP stop in St. Petersburg got a homie in the final Saturday when No.
The Iranian parliament, which is dominated by hardliners, passed a bill yesterday obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.
China #39;s state media have again issued a release stating that local governments have closed 1600 Internet cafes between February and August this year.
Eagles coach Andy Reid said he missed what Terrell Owens did in the end zone when he scored the touchdown that would win the game for the Eagles on Sunday.
A defense so porous the 40-year old quarterback completed all except five of his 24 pass attempts against the bad Lions. And so it went as the game and the opportunities slipped away.
Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL) said today that the outlook for the company was positive due to a major supply agreement for its Brisbane plant and a possible overseas joint venture.
TWO more earthquakes hit the central region of Japan today, where thousands of residents are still living in emergency shelters after a major quake more than a week ago.
Liverpool and France striker Djibril Cisse has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in Saturday #39;s 2-2 draw at Blackburn Rovers.
China #39;s state-owned oil conglomerate has filed a lawsuit seeking compensation from troubled Russian oil company Yukos for failing to fulfill its export contracts, state media said.
VIC, Spain -- New world champion Sebastien Loeb pulled out of the Catalunya Rally with a mechanical breakdown after winning the first leg on the second day.
LABOUR officials yesterday dismissed reports that Tony Blair is contemplating a snap general election in February and insisted that May remained the most likely time for the poll.
Djibril Cisses leg-break horror has left Rafael Benitez facing a severe striker crisis ahead of Wednesday nights crucial Champions League showdown with Deportivo La Coruna.
The Secret Service targeted a Web site, shadowcrew.com, hosted outside the United States, that acted as a kind of one-stop shop for stolen information and false documents.
Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.
MADRID: England striker Michael Owen scored in his fourth consecutive game for Real Madrid as the Spanish giants comfortably beat their newly-promoted local rivals Getafe 2-0 yesterday.
Ukrainians cast ballots in a presidential election Sunday that has raised fears of post-election unrest in this ex-Soviet republic, and the opposition complained of election violations just hours into the voting.
World number one Vijay Singh became the first golf player to earn season winnings of over 10 million US dollars after he won his ninth victory this year at the Chrysler Championships 
He had read the comments on the Internet and watched television, and real or imagined, the harsh words had their effect. Eagles receiver Terrell Owens is not one to 
Yasser Arafat spent Sunday talking to colleagues in the West Bank, reading telegrams from well-wishing world leaders and sipping tea.
Two subway trains collided yesterday in Barcelona, leaving one of the drivers in serious condition and 48 other people with minor injuries, officials said.
The way Arsenal defended against a Southampton side who were the joint-lowest scorers in the Premiership made it difficult to believe that they had remained unbeaten for 49 games.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday repeated his vow to keep about 550 troops in Iraq after the government confirmed that the decapitated body found on a street 
When his positive dope test was confirmed, Adrian Mutu forgot to blame someone for spiking his drinks. Odd this, because athletics, swimming and cycling have taught us that 
They were flawless for a month of Sundays, beating back opponents and, really, conventional wisdom itself. The New England Patriots had become football #39;s sterling exception 
Tokyo stocks fell Monday morning after a weak performance on Wall Street Friday. The US dollar was up against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues dropped 43.
Google was first to market a desktop search utility. Well, actually, others were first, but Google #39;s the one everyone noticed.
Voters cast ballots for governors and mayors Sunday in elections expected to strengthen President Hugo Chavez #39;s political power two months after he overwhelmingly won a referendum on his rule.
LANDOVER, Md. - The problems that plagued the Washington Redskins at the beginning of the season are the same ones that dog the Washington Redskins at the end of October.
The close race for the presidency is depressing the stock market, which is flat to down for the year despite a recovering economy, solid profits and major new tax breaks for investors.
A witness said one of the wounded was a taxi driver who was allegedly shot by American soldiers as he was driving a family back from Baghdad.
A US agent hidden under a head-to-toe veil on Sunday sparked fear of a suicide attack in the Afghan capital by fleeing from police who tried to search her, officials said.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson wants the FA to punish Arsenal good guy Dennis Bergkamp for taking a swing at Alan Smith last Sunday.
(Kabul, Afghanistan-AP) Oct. 31, 2004 - Arab television has played a video that apparently shows three foreign election workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.
Rain was forecast for much of the country Friday, with parts of the Southeast and the central states likely to escape the wet weather.
Australia #39;s trade deficit widened in September as imports of cars, food and appliances increased and record oil prices pushed up the nation #39;s energy bill.
Beijing this weekend urged Washington, DC, not to limit imports of Chinese cotton slacks. The Ministry of Commerce said such a restriction would violate World Trade Organization principles and hurt trade relations.
Three kidnapped UN election workers appeared frightened but otherwise well in a videotape aired Sunday on the al-Jazeera satellite television network.
Beijing - Several people have been killed in violent ethnic clashes between the Muslim Hui minority and the Han majority in central China #39;s Henan province, officials said Monday.
Street Musicians perform on a makeshift stage with a portrait of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in Jakarta, Indonesia, Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.
Like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers gliding across the silver screen, the planets Venus and Jupiter dance cheek-to-cheek through our morning skies Thursday and Friday.
Michael Owen scored his fourth goal in four games to help Real Madrid to a 2-0 win over newly promoted Getafe at the Bernabeu Stadium on Sunday night.
Grace Park won the CJ Nine Bridges Classic yesterday, shooting a 7-under-par 65 for a five-stroke victory yesterday. Park finished at 16-under-par 200.
Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic won the Swiss Indoors title at Basel on Sunday, defeating David Nalbandian of Argentina in a thrilling five-set final.
Martial law has been imposed on a town in central China after rioting between hundreds of members of the Han ethnic majority and Hui Muslims killed at least seven people, local residents said Monday.
Office Depot plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Office 
Fijian-born Vijay Singh became golf #39;s \$10 million man on Sunday when he won his ninth 2004 PGA Tour victory of the year at the Chrysler Championship.
In the first four games of the season, the University of Miami had one of the best defenses in the country. Offseason talk was proving to be true that this group of defenders 
BEIJING - Martial law was declared in a town in central China after at least four people died in rioting, residents said on Monday.
Singapore #39;s unemployment rate fell in the third quarter of 2004 as job creation increased in tandem with the city-state #39;s strong economic growth, the government said Monday.
Office Depot Inc. will outsource most of its call-center operations, a move that will affect about 900 jobs, the second-largest US office supply retailer said Thursday.
The outcome -- or lack of it -- of Tuesday #39;s US presidential contest will move stocks in the short term, but the election effect likely will wear off quickly 
Listening intently as the national media heaped praise on the Jacksonville Jaguars, the Texans wondered when their time would come.
Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus stretched its lead in the Italian Serie A to five points on Sunday with a 3-0 win over Chievo.
Obviously, we #39;re very disappointed, #39; #39; Miami #39;s coach said in the wake of a shocking 31-28 loss at North Carolina.
Darwin, Australia - A teenager in Australia #39;s Northern Territory made a narrow escape from the jaws of a crocodile that dragged him underwater, police said on Monday.
CHINA IS continuing its pogrom on the country #39;s Internet cafes and officially confirmed that it has shut more than 1,600 Internet cafes since February.
Martial law has been imposed in parts of the Chinese province of Henan after ethnic clashes in which witnesses say several people were killed.
Cross-examination of former Walt Disney Co. president Michael Ovitz at the trial of a lawsuit brought by shareholders is scheduled to resume Monday, though 
In a filing that could dispel rumors that the recent auction for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. was not competitive, the studio said winning bidder Sony Corp.
He becomes 1st to reach plateau in season earnings after win at Chrysler, his 9th of year. Vijay Singh will need time for this to sink in.
Newspaper reports this morning suggest Sir Alex Ferguson has added Dennis Bergkamp to his infamous dossier of evidence he hopes will condemn arch-rivals Arsenal, claiming the 
ZHUHAI, China : China #39;s second manned space flight will orbit the Earth for five days with two astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled for next year.
US chip maker Advanced Micro Devices has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time technology users in the developing world.
KIEV, October 31 (Itar-Tass) -- Ukraine will have the second round of the presidential election, no matter what results of exit polls may be.
LOS ANGELES - Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles are celebrating the anniversary of the first message sent over what would eventually become the internet.
 quot;Over many years, Bennett King has made an outstanding contribution to the progress and development of Australia #39;s emerging players, quot; said Robertson.
SEATTLE - The Seattle Seahawks didnt need any tricks to defeat the Carolina Panthers on Halloween Sunday, just some good old-fashioned smashmouth football.
Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi warned yesterday that efforts to resolve the standoff in Fallujah peacefully have entered their  quot;final phase 
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his opposition candidates voted for state governors and mayorson Sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers deployed around the country to maintain order.
The offense had been thinking too much, reacting to every defensive nuance, turning football into chess. Too much brain. Not enough brawn.
The Miami Hurricanes and Florida State Seminoles tumbled in the Associated Press poll released yesterday, falling out of the Top 10 after being upset in road games.
Sir Alex Ferguson has now accused Dennis Bergkamp of a stamp as the row over last Sundays clash Battle of Old Trafford II continues to simmer on.
Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych took the official lead today in Ukraine #39;s presidential election but did not appear to have enough votes to avoid a runoff after balloting 
It #39;s not just voters who are ready for the presidential campaign to end. Investors are anxious to put Tuesday #39;s election behind them.
Losses by Florida State and Miami leave Virginia Tech and Virginia in position to control their own destiny as they chase conference football title.
Karachi, Pakistan - Sri Lankan tailenders on Monday frustrated butter-fingered Pakistani fielders on the fifth and final day of the second cricket Test.
Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell said on Monday it had agreed to a restructuring of its Gasunie gas division with the Dutch government and business partner ExxonMobil.
Volkswagen AG workers demonstrated outside three factories during the latest round of talks between Europe #39;s biggest carmaker and the union representing the company #39;s German employees.
Eagles coach Andy Reid was just 10 seconds into his postgame press conference, and he had already said the word  quot;tough quot; four times.
Chelsea Football Club are keen to test Real Madrids resolve to keep Michael Owen with a big money January move for the striker.
Ian Poulter won a play-off with Sergio Garcia yesterday to guarantee his season is remembered for more than funny trousers and a Ryder Cup cap.
Singapore #39;s unemployment rate improved in the third quarter reflecting the improving economic environment. The seasonally adjusted overall unemployment rate fell to 3.4 percent at 
On a day dominated by offense, it took a defensive back to settle things. Indianapolis star Peyton Manning had thrown five touchdowns when he lofted the ball into Kansas 
HELSINKI, Finland - United States embassies in northern Europe said they have received threat information and urged Americans living in the Nordic and Baltic regions to be cautious.
Graeme Souness was quick to criticise Bolton #39;s tactics after watching his Newcastle United side crash to a 2-1 defeat at the Reebok Stadium on Sunday.
Adrian Mutu, already fighting to save his career after being sacked by Chelsea, is now facing a claim for compensation from the club over his lost transfer value.
Manchester United Football Club boss Sir Alex Ferguson believes both Dennis Bergkamp and Thierry Henry should be investigated by the FA for incidents in the game at Old Trafford last Sunday.
Chinese authorities offered no details Monday on weekend clashes between ethnic Chinese and Muslims that may have killed 148 in central China #39;s Henan province.
Insurgents in Iraq struck a fresh blow today, shooting dead the deputy governor of Baghdad on his way to work. Hatim Kamil was killed when gunmen 
The Department of Civil Aviation Dubai, last night welcomed the inaugural Air China flight CA 941 from Beijing to Dubai International Airport.
TEL AVIV, Israel - An explosion went off Monday in a crowded open-air market in Tel Aviv, and a TV report said at least four people were killed.
The deputy governor of Baghdad has been assassinated in a drive-by shooting in a southern neighborhood. Unknown insurgents gunned down Hatem Kamel Abdul Fatah on Monday morning while 
BRITAIN #39;S largest financial institutions are being urged to take lead roles in lawsuits seeking hundreds of millions of dollars from the scandal-struck US insurance industry.
In the wake of rising concerns within companies about intellectual-property lawsuits over software, Microsoft is considering ways to broaden the indemnification policy that provides legal protection to its customers.
Latest versions of the Bagle worm have appeared in the internet, prompting anti-virus companies to warn customers about the threat and to push out software updates to spot the new worms.
Militants holding three UN workers hostage in Afghanistan have said they will give officials until Friday to meet their demands. The group had previously suggested it would start killing the hostages on Wednesday 
From the sales of Halloween masks to the outcome of a Washington Redskins game, amateur prognosticators are looking for almost any indicator that might point to who will 
The discovery of a skeleton of a woman barely three feet tall who hunted tiny elephants and huge rats 18,000 years ago could rewrite the story of human evolution, scientists say.
Microsoft #39;s CEO argues that Windows is cheaper and more secure than its open-source rival. Do the facts support him? By John Foley.
The curse of the Bambino, which in popular lore prevented the Boston Red Sox from winning the World Series for 86 years, lives on in some commercial precincts.
At least four people were killed and 30 wounded in an explosion which ripped through an open market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, Israeli rescue workers and police said.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is visiting Nepal Monday on the first leg of a tour to strengthen trade and cooperation between South Asian nations.
Gold Fields executives will this week publish their most comprehensive attack to date on the hostile bid for their company, which was launched last month by rival Harmony.
There #39;s no use in arguing about it -- the Grand Theft Auto series for the PlayStation 2 is currently the driving force behind the video game industry.
At least three people were killed and 32 others wounded in a suicide bombing at an open-air market in Tel Aviv on Monday, Israeli police and ambulance services said.
Anger, hope, and sadness pervaded at Boston-area Catholic churches yesterday, where parishioners staged more sit-ins at closing churches, prayed to 
From fitness and photography to home entertainment and hi-definition computing BEST Magazine Senior Editor David Gregg has got the goods on some of the BEST STUFF of the season.
The man behind Space Ship 1 brought his love of adventure to the University of Texas on Friday. Burt Rutan spoke to students about space tourism.
Kostas Kenteris, the Greek sprinter who quit the Olympics after failing a drugs test, has denied faking a motorcycle accident to avoid giving a doping sample.
Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages in Afghanistan on Monday allowed four days for negotiations on their demand that the United Nations withdraw from the country.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz left here Monday for Nepal on the first leg of his four-day visit to three South Asian states aimed at boosting political and economic 
An Iraqi television cameraman working for Reuters was killed on Monday during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Ramadi, west of Baghdad, policeand witnesses said.
The New York Mercantile Exchange opened its first overseas trading floor in oil futures Monday in a direct challenge to its main London-based rival, the International Petroleum Exchange.
NASA hopes to resume space shuttle flights in May 2005, officials said on Friday. But the agency has also confirmed it is considering reducing the number of planned shuttle flights - which could affect the 
A group threatening to kill three kidnapped foreigners working for the United Nations in Afghanistan has denied extending the deadline for the United States to release all Taliban and al Qaeda prisoners.
An Iraqi cameraman working for Reuters has been killed during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s western city of Ramadi on Monday, colleagues said.
US stocks were headed for a flat open on Monday a day ahead of the US Presidential election, as Wall Street awaits a clear-cut winner.
Appeal judges in The Hague have ruled that former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic has the right to defend himself but must have stand-by lawyers.
Growth in manufacturing slowed from the euro zone to Japan in October as strong oil prices and a stuttering global economy took their toll, although British companies performed better, survey data showed.
The US government has warned its citizens in Nordic and Baltic states of the threat of imminent terrorist attacks, the BBC said Monday.
Their abductors also extended the deadline on their demand for the United Nations to withdraw from the country until Friday. They had earlier suggested that they might start killing the hostages on Wednesday.
An Afghan militant group threatening to kill three kidnapped foreigners said it was involved in negotiations through a mediator but denied extending the Wednesday deadline for their execution.
Georgia #39;s homegrown Delta Air Lines has scratched and clawed for three years now, trying to gain every concession it deemed necessary to avoid filing bankruptcy.
And this comes straight from the horses mouth! Software giant Microsoft has finally acknowledged Linux as its strongest competitor, much to the delight of Australias open source industry association (OSIA).
China #39;s first manned spaceship, the Shenzhou V, was launched in October last year with one Chinese astronaut aboard for a one-day flight.
CHICAGO _ No one who has watched Harry Stonecipher over the years should be surprised that he has just thrown the biggest punch yet in Boeing Co.
A furious China has shut down over 1,600 Internet cafes and arrested people in a bid to curb the menace of content which is harmful to public morality.
America has increased its troop numbers in Iraq to their highest levels since the war ended, it emerged today. Home leave has been delayed for several months for tens of thousands 
The Singapore government said on Monday it would extend third-party war-risk cover for the operator of Changi Airport and an aviation service provider due to a lack of commercial insurance alternatives.
An apparent suicide bombing in a crowded Tel Aviv open-air market Monday killed at least five people and seriously injured more than 30 others.
Google has fixed a security flaw in its Gmail web-based e-mail service that allowed attackers to hijack users #39; e-mail accounts.
Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft Inc.
The Chinese local governments have closed 1600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100m yuan (\$12m) between February and August this year.
Vijay Singh became the first golfer to earn \$10 million in a single season, after completing victory at the PGA Chrysler Classic at Palm Harbor in Florida on Sunday.
Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened a court action Monday to try to block a strike targeting oil exports in the world #39;s No.
Manufacturing conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. said Monday that it agreed to sell its Tyco Global Network unit to Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd.
ST GEORGE Bank has continued to post big gains from its lending with the Sydney based company producing an 18 per cent lift in after tax profit to \$717 million.
China #39;s second manned space flight will orbit the earth for five days with two astronauts onboard in a mission scheduled next year.
Dell reported that earlier this year, an average of 12 percent of all customer support calls to its help desk were for spyware-related trouble.
Bee Staff Writer. If misery loves company, the baseball fans of Chicago are in big trouble. They don #39;t have the Boston Red Sox to kick around anymore.
A 16-year-old Palestinian blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv on Monday, killing three Israelis and wounding 32 in the first such attack 
US consumer spending climbed 0.6 percent as expected in September and inflation remained benign, government data showed on Monday, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the previous month.
For several years before and after Vioxx was approved for commercial use, executives of Merck (MRK:NYSE - news - research) were reportedly aware of ?
US energy exchange Nymex has set up a new oil trading floor in Dublin, Ireland, in a move it hopes will lure disenchanted dealers from London.
NASA has announced that the Space Shuttle will take to the skies once more next year, in a launch window that lasts from mid May to early June.
Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling made a surprise appearance Monday morning with President Bush, limping to the stage to give Bush a strong endorsement.
Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft Inc.
Shares in J Sainsbury have risen by 3 per cent on mounting rumours of a potential 8 billion bid involving Allan Leighton, the serial director.
Wachovia Corp. has completed a \$14.3 billion acquisition of SouthTrust Corp. to create the largest bank in the Southeast, both banks said Monday.
UNDER the ownership and editorial direction of a pair of Australians, Britain #39;s venerable newspaper The Times today turned tabloid.
The stem cell lines available for federally-funded research in the US have characteristics which mean they may never be used for medical treatments in humans, a new study suggests.
MotoGP star Valentino Rossi has often been linked to a switch to four-wheeled racing but it is not going to happen in the immediate future, if at all.
Wolves manager Dave Jones was dismissed Monday with the relegated club struggling near the bottom of the former First Division. Jones, who had been in charge at Molineux since 
and as many as 15,000 tipped to head to Adelaide #39;s biggest Melbourne Cup party at Morphettville Racecourse -ere praying for the rain to stay away.
The UN has issued an appeal for the immediate return of its three staff members, which included a woman from Northern Ireland, kidnapped in Kabul last week.
Consumer spending climbed 0.6 in September, in line with expectations, as shoppers splashed out after showing restraint the month before, government data showed Monday.
L-3 Communications Holdings Inc., the world #39;s second-biggest maker of bomb detectors, agreed to buy the marine controls unit of CAE Inc.
mallumax writes  quot;A security hole in GMail has been found (an XSS vulnerability) which allows access to user accounts without authentication.
Veritas has announced a new version of its OpForce provisioning software that can help administrators install and manage applications as well as operating systems on servers.
The Matrix Online will benefit from the voice talents and likenesses of many of the movie trilogy #39;s original cast, Warner Bros.
ALICIA Molik has become the first Australian woman in 17 years to win consecutive WTA Tour titles, beating Dinara Safina in the final of the Luxembourg Open.
US consumers, who substantially slowed their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 per cent.
No. 3 US airline gets commitment from GE Commercial Finance as it looks to avoid bankruptcy. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
The Mac Observer has confirmed through testing that the recently recently announced iTunes 4.7 release disables iPod Download, a plug-in to iTunes that allowed 
Gunmen assassinated Baghdad #39;s deputy governor on Monday, and voter registration for vital January elections began as fresh American soldiers arrived in the capital - reinforcements 
Humana Inc. reported sharply higher third-quarter earnings Monday on the strength of broad gains in the health benefit company #39;s commercial and government business.
International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge tried to erase Beijing #39;s money worries Monday, saying that hosting the Games will benefit the country.
Profit at Tyco #39;s electronics unit rose more than fourfold in the quarter as revenue climbed 15 percent on higher sales volume in automotive, communications, computer and consumer electronics.
St George Bank Limited (SGB) today advised it was targeting 10 earnings per share growth in FY05 after a solid increase in full year earnings.
The United Nations and European Union were urged today to muster a more effective international response to the humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region of Sudan.
Computer Associates International on Monday kicked off its entry into open-source software with the release of its Ingres r3 database.
China has announced that is to send a second manned mission to space in 2005, signaling a firm commitment to its emerging space programme.
After much speculation that it would raise its bid yet again, Oracle Corp. Monday morning announced its latest offer for PeopleSoft Inc.
No. 1 Japanese automaker posts drop in 3Q earnings, but boosts forecast for global sales in 2004. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp.
When will Arsene Wenger and Alex Ferguson ever bury the hatchet? Looks like never as the bitter tit-for-tat goes unabated. By Jeffrey Low.
Frankfurt - World Cup winners Brazil were on Monday drawn to meet European champions Greece, Gold Cup winners Mexico and Asian champions Japan at the 2005 Confederations Cup.
Activity in the nation #39;s manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th straight month, but at a slower pace than the previous month, the Institute for Supply Management reported Monday.
Lockheed Martin Corp. Monday said a court ruling in its dispute with the Department of Energy and the state of Idaho will reduce fourth-quarter earnings by \$110 million.
MICHAEL Owen rescued Real Madrid once again as they struggled to overcome a defiant Getafe in the lesser-known Madrid derby at the Bernabeu.
Everyone knew Sunday #39;s game between the Philadelphia Eagles and Baltimore Ravens was going to be a defensive struggle, but very quietly each team had designs on a big offensive day.
Point guard Devin Harris #39; play in the preseason has impressed Mavericks coach Don Nelson enough to start the rookie from Wisconsin.
Analyst Gartner is predicting radical change will occur as organisations realise that IT must act as a key driver for business change.
The Steelers got a bucket full of treats yesterday, including turnovers, early points, a poised quarterback and a dominating defensive performance.
Argentina will play African champion Tunisia at Cologne on June 15 in the opener of the Confederations Cup, which Germany will use to prepare for hosting the 2006 World Cup.
Sammy Morris has given the Dolphins #39; rushing attack a much-needed shot in the arm, running for 174 yards and one touchdown in the past two games.
Owens mocked Lewis with some nifty footwork after catching an 11-yard touchdown pass in the undefeated Philadelphia Eagles #39; 15-10 victory over Baltimore on Sunday.
A PALESTINIAN suicide bomber blew himself up in a crowded outdoor market in central Tel Aviv last night, killing four Israelis and wounding 32.
Stocks rose after US crude oil fell below \$50 a barrel on Monday, offsetting jitters ahead of an uncertain outcome for the US presidential election.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
WASHINGTON : US manufacturing activity expanded for the 17th straight month in October, albeit at a slower pace, but energy prices squeezed profits, a survey showed.
Health insurer Humana Inc. reported a 36 percent increase Monday in third-quarter earnings, driven by solid performance in a number of the company #39;s business lines.
The pall of hopelessness that has shrouded Berti Vogts #39; tenure as Scotland manager is unlikely to clear now that the German has departed.
Part of a doping sample taken from the horse that won Ireland #39;s only gold medal at the Athens Olympics was stolen, the International Equestrian Federation said Monday.
Oracle is to raise its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft to \$8.8 billion, calling this its  #39;best and final #39; offer.
Intel today announced a faster Pentium 4 of its high-end Extreme Edition (EE) series as well as an updated PCI Express chipset now supporting FSB1066.
When Bennett King takes up the post as West Indies head coach in mid-November, he will have a familiar face as his full-time assistant: Australian academy senior coach David Moore.
Chinese scientists have optimized the spacecraft #39;s configuration to reduce its weight and improve the performance of onboard equipment.
We speculated about it in May, the online world went crazy about a possibility as soon as they came to know about Google registering GBrowser.
The international equestrian body, the FEI, has been informed that the  quot;B quot; sample of Waterford Crystal was stolen in Cambridgeshire last month.
Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are better placed than ever before to achieve Champions League success - and insisted they would not be muscled out of their stride at home or abroad.
The Central Election Commission of Ukraine has announced that the second round of the countrys presidential election would be held.
Search engine Google has fixed a security flaw that was occurring in their email service, Gmail. The company did not reveal the nature of flaw, only that they had corrected it.
Berti Vogts quit as Scotland #39;s national soccer coach after a run of results left the team unlikely to qualify for the 2006 World Cup in his home country of Germany.
Nymex crude oil futures fell below \$50 a barrel Monday morning in a flurry of technical selling ahead of the presidential elections on Tuesday.
Sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses against spam and viruses, has published a report revealing the top ten viruses and hoaxes causing problems for businesses around the world.
Paris, France (Sports Network) - Andre Agassi and David Nalbandian announced Monday that they have withdrawn from the Paris Masters because of injuries.
John Kerry supporters got a welcome omen for their candidate on Sunday: The Green Bay Packers defeated the Washington Redskins. If history holds, the 28-14 score portends a victory 
French doctors are expected to issue a preliminary report on the medical condition of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat by midweek, according to Palestinian officials, who 
Botswana #39;s ruling party has won by a landslide in Saturday #39;s general elections, assuring President Festus Mogae of a second and final term in office.
American consumers, who substantially slowed down their spending in late summer, roared back to life in September, boosting their purchases by 0.6 per cent.
China has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
Google announced plans to offer its Google Desktop Search to Mac computers on Friday, introducing Google technology to a loyal group of computer users who are not using the Windows operating system.
The headline-grabbing rivalry between Shaquille O #39;Neal and Kobe Bryant is likely to dominate the opening weeks of the NBA season that begins on Tuesday.
Militants kidnapped an American and three other foreigners in a bloody assault on their office in the capital Monday, and gunmen assassinated 
A Palestinian teenager laden with explosives walked into a crowded outdoor market and blew himself up Monday, killing three Israelis, wounding 32 and scattering bloody vegetables and spices along the ground.
Ukraine #39;s presidential election ended virtually in a dead heat, according to official results, after a campaign that international election observers criticized 
Dutch oil giant Shell has asked a Nigerian court to block oil workers from joining a nationwide labor strike set to begin November 16.
offensive to retake the insurgent-held cities has begun on the eve of the US presidential election. company #39;s office in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said on Monday.
Oil and gas company Anadarko Petroleum Corp. said Monday that it is selling its Southeast Colorado producing properties to an affiliate of Citation Oil  amp; Gas Corp.
The Dutch Government has for 1.93 billion bought total control of a pipeline being built to tackle the gas shortages which have sent UK energy prices soaring, after Shell and Esso.
com November 1, 2004, 9:56 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Scotland national team coach Berti Vogts stepped down Monday following a nightmare start to the World Cup qualifying campaign.
Arsenal plan to shore up their defence for the visit of Panathinaikos knowing victory on Tuesday would go a long way to ensuring their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League.
PHOENIX -- Wally Backman was hired Monday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, taking over a team coming off one of the worst seasons in major league history.
Orlando, FL (Sports Network) - The Orlando Magic acquired forward Brandon Hunter from the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday in exchange for guard Keith Bogans.
Online marketing firm DoubleClick says it has retained investment bankers Lazard Freres to  quot;explore strategic options to achieve greater shareholder value.
Three new variants of the Bagle virus that emerged last week are still in circulation, but the attacks seem to be leveling off. While the latest viruses have some sophisticated features, security 
The nation #39;s largest defense contractor will take a \$110 million charge against its fourth quarter earnings after losing a court bid to salvage at least some of the money it pumped 
The joint Nordic pavilion at theWorld Exhibition in Japan 2005 was presented on Monday at the Nordic Council #39; 56th annual Session in Stockholm.
It may be that many people, staring blankly from their sofas into the empty, late-night flicker of their televisions, are in need of rescuing.
A security hole in Google #39;s Gmail service, which reportedly made it easy for hackers to access users #39; e-mail, has been corrected, Google says.
The Nokia 9500 Communicator has been granted the IEEE 802-11b and WPA (Wireless Protected Access) certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance.
Caminiti died from acute intoxication due to the combined effects of cocaine and opiates, a spokeswoman for the New York City Medical Examiners Office told ESPN.
CHARLOTTE, NC - The Charlotte Bobcats traded forward Brandon Hunter to the Orlando Magic on Monday in exchange for guard Keith Bogans.
Oil rose as Nigeria, the world top oil exporter, sees the call for a strike later this month. December crude oil lifted 24 cents to \$52.
The Argentine government on Monday presented US regulators with details of a debt exchange offering intended to restructure some US\$103 billion (euro80.
In a move that #39;s bound to both please and displease, Capcom have revealed that Resident Evil 4 will arrive on PlayStation 2 late next year.
A drug overdose killed former NL MVP Ken Caminiti, who admitted using steroids during his playing days and tested positive for cocaine in the days before he died.
Online movie rental service Netflix Inc. reported Monday that it lowered its monthly rental fee by \$4 in what is heating up to be a price war with video rental giant Blockbuster Inc.
The Canadian government has signalled its intention to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Former baseball National League MVP Ken Caminiti died of an accidental drug overdose, a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner said Monday.
THE mother of a 16-year-old suicide bomber who killed three people in Tel Aviv was in tears today as she asked:  quot;Why did they choose my boy?
To make sure nobody missed its big change from a broadsheet to a tabloid, The Times of London told readers about it on the front page.
NASA has again adjusted its schedule for bringing the space shuttle back into use. CBS reports that the space agency announced it is aiming for a mid-May launch.
Toshiba is launching a global program to replace faulty memory modules in certain models of its notebook computers that have been on sale since as early as April 2002.
American Andre Agassi and Argentine David Nalbandian have pulled out of the Paris Masters, organizers said Monday, meaning neither will play in the season ending Masters Cup.
The Orlando Magic eased their logjam at the shooting guard position somewhat today, dealing Keith Bogans to the expansion Charlotte Bobcats for power forward Brandon Hunter.
(Baghdad, Iraq-AP) Nov. 1, 2004 - US Embassy officials are confirming that an American is among four foreigners abducted during a bloody assault at their office in Baghdad.
Yasser Arafat #39;s French physicians are refusing to discuss his health crisis, leading to rampant speculation about the Palestinian leader #39;s dramatic deterioration.
Economic activity in the manufacturing sector grew in October for the 17th consecutive month, albeit at a slower rate than in September, the Institute for Supply Management (ISM) reported Monday.
The Institute for Supply Management said Monday US economic activity in the manufacturing sector grew in October. ISM #39;s purchasing managers index registered 56.
Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Ratings Services announced that it will hold a telephone conference call on Monday, November 1st, 2004, at 1:00 PM US Eastern Time.
The US Commerce Department said Monday personal income grew modestly in September, while consumer spending rebounded from the previous month.
Washington coach Keith Gilbertson will resign at the end of the season, The Associated Press learned Monday. A source close to the football program, speaking on condition of anonymity, said 
After being introduced as the new manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, Wally Backman, left, is handed his game jersey by Arizona general manager Joe Garagiola Jr.
Oracle raised its hostile tender offer for PeopleSoft today to \$24 a share from \$21 a share. The higher bid, which values Peoplesoft at \$9.
Union efforts to organize Wal-Mart workers in Canada continued Monday in the auto-service departments of seven British Columbia outlets of the world #39;s largest retailer.
Such security flaws are not uncommon, but Gmail deviates from the norm by not causing cookies to expire when users change passwords.
Gallows humor apparently has become reality, with unconfirmed reports circulating that Washington football coach Keith Gilbertson and his staff were fired late Sunday night.
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox hired former major leaguer Tim Raines as the club #39;s first base/baserunning coach on Monday.
Keys to the game: QB Chad Pennington is eventually going to have to complete some deep passes if the Jets #39; offense is going to reach its potential.
Houston Astros general manager Gerry Hunsicker resigned on Monday in a surprise announcement after the team #39;s most successful season.
Uruguay has elected its first leftist president, Tabare Vazquez, who joins a growing list of left-leaning leaders in South America.
Fans streamed out of the Meadowlands quite early the last time the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins played on Monday night. They had little reason to stay.
People walking by mock coffins in front of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington during a tribute to the more than 1,100 US service personnel killed so far in the Iraq war.
In a step towards landmark elections in Iraq, registering of voters and potential candidates has begun despite the latest violence, which claimed the life of Baghdad #39;s deputy governor.
Despite showing strong growth, IVAX (AMEX: IVX) shares are getting pounded after the drug maker posted third-quarter results that still came in below analyst expectations and 
ACS will continue to provide Orange with help-desk and application support, data-center and network management, and consulting services.
The purchase makes it one of the top three leading players in the international undersea capacity business, alongside Global Crossing Holdings Ltd.
Riggs National Corp. shares fell Monday as more concerns surfaced that an ongoing money-laundering probe of the Washington, DC bank will scrap plans by PNC Financial Group Inc.
China is set to launch its second manned space flight, which will carry two astronauts into a five-day orbit around the Earth in 2005.
eBay sellers have a new content management tool to help them post storefronts faster, thanks to a newly customized Macromedia toolset.
Andre Agassi posted his second consecutive straight-set win, advancing to the quarterfinals of the US\$822,000 Stockholm Open on Thursday.
Thousands of police patrolled a tense town today after street fights between members of the countrys main ethnic group and a Muslim minority left seven people dead and 42 injured.
Copper prices in New York fell for the second session in three on signs of slowing demand from manufacturers in China, the world #39;s biggest buyer of the metal.
ATLANTA -- Pilots for Delta Air Lines have begun to cast ballots on a union contract proposal that would slash their salaries by nearly a third.
Apple introduced iPod Photo, the newest member of the iPod family that lets you take your entire music and photo library with you wherever you go.
LAGOS, Nigeria - Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell Group opened court action Monday to block a threatened strike targeting oil in the world #39;s No.
Shares of Merck and Co. plunged almost nine per cent Monday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied evidence for years that its blockbuster 
Toshiba said it will launch a recall to exchange a memory module that may cause data corruption in 26 notebook PC models. The components, procured from unidentified third parties, may potentially 
Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe spotted a new star in the sky on Nov. 11, 1572, and astronomers have been trying ever since to figure out exactly what happened.
DETROIT -- Robert Porcher retired Monday, ending a 13-year career with the Detroit Lions, for whom he is the career leader in sacks.
Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.
Argentina announced it had filed a proposal Monday before the US Securities and Exchange Commission to restructure US\$81.8 billion (euro64 billion) in defaulted public debt.
Shares of major Medicare providers moved higher Monday after Humana Inc. handed Wall Street strong third-quarter earnings results, echoing rather upbeat investor sentiment seen throughout the sector.
The online advertising market is hot, but pioneer DoubleClick Inc. isn #39;t. The provider of Internet advertising services has decided to explore strategic alternatives, including a possible sale.
Computer Associates International on Monday kicked off its entry into open-source software with the release of its Ingres r3 database.
Manchester United #39;s win at Old Trafford to end Arsenal #39;s record unbeaten run is history now - but the controversy rumbles on.
severed head of a man found in Baghdad were of Koda. Newspapers reported his killing. Japan on October 23, killing at least 36 people and forcing 100,000 from their homes.
Oil prices bounced higher on Friday after two days of sharp declines that came on the heels of rising inventories of crude in the US and a move by China to cool its economy.
As its pilots began voting on wage and other concessions, Delta Air Lines today announced \$500 million in new financing from General Electric Commercial Finance.
Intel unveiled its latest ultra-high-end processor platform, the Pentium 4 Extreme Edition, with a higher-speed frontside bus and more cache and memory.
Computer Associates International plans to widen the field for open source alternatives to commercial databases with the general release of the Ingres r3 database on the Linux and Windows platforms.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Gerry Hunsicker has decided to step down as general manager of the Houston Astros after nine years on the job.
For 24 sets of horses, trainers, jockeys, strappers and connections, the ultimate Australian sporting prize is within reach today at famous Flemington - the \$4.
Norway evacuated and closed its Latvian embassy Monday out of fear of a possible terrorist attack, Aftenposten reported. US officials also warned their own citizens about possible 
Profit at the Toyota Motor Corporation slipped 1.5 percent in the most recent quarter as damage from a falling dollar offset strong increases in sales around the world.
Closely watched ISM index for October comes in below September level but still shows expansion. Follow the news that matters to you.
It only takes 20 minutes on the Internet for an unprotected computer running Microsoft Windows to be taken over by a hacker. Any personal or financial information stored 
The organisers of European Masters Series tournaments will meet in Paris on Tuesday to discuss ways to curb the number of withdrawals by leading players from their events.
Auburn running back Carnell Williams (24) sprints past a Mississippi defender on his way to a 4th quarter 29-yard touchdown run in Oxford, Miss.
Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd., an Indian long-distance phone company owned by the \$14 billion Tata group, said it will buy Tyco International Ltd.
The Chinese government shut down 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August of this year, according to China Radio International.
Mom-and-pop shops doing business online have long struggled with the fact that they look just like the diminutive outfits they are.
Strengthining its utility computing software, Veritas Software on Monday released an upgrade to its server provisioning product called OpForce.
Vijay Singh didnt have his golf clubs. He wasnt inside the ropes where hes gotten so comfortable this year, either. As Singh looked out at the gathering of 
Norwich City moved off the bottom of the Premiership table but are still searching for that elusive first win after drawing 1-1 at Manchester City.
Description: Drug maker Merck knew about the health risks of taking the pain medication Vioxx long before it pulled the drug from the market, The Wall Street Journal reports.
After an extensive review, NASA is planning its Return to Flight Space Shuttle mission, designated STS-114, for a launch window that opens in May 2005.
Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - University of Washington head football coach Keith Gilbertson will step down at the end of the 2004 season.
Delta Air Lines, which is trying to avert a bankruptcy filing, said Monday that General Electric #39;s commercial finance unit would provide it with \$500 million of financing.
NEW YORK Stocks edged into positive territory in turbulent trading on Monday as pre-election jitters kept the markets off-balance and investors weighed a mix of US economic data.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Amidst allegations the election fell far short of meeting democratic standards, officials say Ukraine #39;s hotly-contested presidential vote is too close to call.
AT amp;T has added worm and virus protection to its Internet Protect service network-based firewall. The service now helps businesses protect themselves from a variety of threats without 
Online marketplace eBay has helped create hundreds of thousands of small businesses by offering huge audiences, a trusted interface, easy payment options, and even benefits like health insurance.
EIGHT days after the Game of the Decade gave way to the Battle of the Buffet before turning into a war of words between Arsenal and Manchester United 
Macromedia is offering a new version of its Contribute 3 software that will make it easier for eBay sellers to create custom eBay stores.
The disgraced Greek sprinter, Kostas Kenteris, has come out fighting over claims that he faked a motorcycle crash to avoid a drug test before the Athens Olympics.
It is sad for company executives to curb business growth themselves. But the curbing of growth is now being hotly debated among Chinese textile producers, reported China Daily on Tuesday.
com November 1, 2004, 8:03 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Continuing in the thirty-first century, MechAssault 2 allows gamers to encounter entirely new experiences in the epic BattleTech world.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is one benefit of the convergence between data and telecommunications. Companies today are seeing the value of transporting voice over IP networks to reduce telephone and 
It may be that many people, staring blankly from their sofas into the empty, late-night flicker of their televisions, are in need of rescuing.
Darfur #39;s largest rebel group said Monday it would send its military officials home from peace talks within the week to deal with what it claimed were fresh bombing 
Freddie Mac, the second biggest provider of financing for US residential mortgages, said significant #39; #39; revisions are still required before it can resume quarterly reports of its earnings.
About 150 union workers at three grocery chains today debated whether to offer their employers more concessions, two days before a contract extension was to expire.
Alternative Web browsers Mozilla and FireFox experienced another month of growth at the expense of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer, according to an online study.
LONDON: Arsene Wenger has insisted his Arsenal side can shrug off their under-achievers tag and win the Champions League this season.
The Athens Olympic Games debriefing has opened in Beijing, with future Olympic hosts and five bidding cities for the 2012 Games participating.
Chief of the UN nuclear activities watchdog Mohamed ElBaradei urged on Monday Iran to suspend all uranium enrichment activities and pursue transparent nuclear policies 
A senior military policewoman found dead in Basra and named last night by the Ministry of Defence is understood to have killed herself.
Toyota Motor Corp. #39;s shares fell for a second day, after the world #39;s second-biggest automaker had an unexpected quarterly profit drop.
Former industrialist Lord Hanson, one of the biggest figures in corporate history, has died from cancer, the BBC reports. He was 82.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Houston Rockets welcomed aboard reigning scoring champion Tracy McGrady with open arms and an open wallet.
TOKYO - Stocks opened lower Monday on the Tokyo Stock Exchange due mainly to falls in export-oriented auto and technology shares on a firmer yen.
Challenges to Microsoft #39;s Web browser dominance are mounting as Internet Explorer loses more market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
Before we go any further, stop saying Mini Mouse like youre Mini Me. Stop it. Thats no longer allowed in the cubicles of America.
ISLAMABAD: The Senate opposition rejected the two-offices bill on Monday, arguing that it violated the Constitution and deprived parliament of its powers.
Tokyo stocks opened higher Tuesday after the dollar rose slightly against the yen and shares posted modest gains on Wall Street overnight.
Macrovision Corp., a maker of copyright protection software, said Monday that third-quarter profit fell 82 percent as charges offset markedly higher sales.
Seven of the eight Breeders #39; Cup race winners on Saturday, including Classic hero Ghostzapper, will remain in training next year, their respective trainers said.
A special version of Macromedia #39;s Contribute Web publishing desktop application is designed to automate and simplify the creation and modification of EBay Stores.
A few weeks ago people in San Diego were screaming for a change at quarterback. Now it seems that sort of talk has been quieted by the play of Drew Brees.
* Winning Action Investments Inc., real estate investment corporation that filed for bankruptcy in February 2003. Guy Houston signed loan papers as company vice president and was cited with the company by 
Jason Richardson and Troy Murphy will stay with the Golden State Warriors for the long term after agreeing to six-year contract extensions with the team a day before the start of the season.
Riots in the central Chinese province of Henan resulted in seven deaths and 42 injuries and were quelled after authorities imposed martial law, the New China News Agency said 
A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday.
Part of the B-sample of a show jumping horse that won Ireland #39;s only gold medal at the Athens Olympics has been stolen, the International Equestrian Federation said yesterday.
Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday morning after shares posted modest gains on Wall Street and oil prices declined overnight. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Venture capital and private equity firms enjoyed a particularly strong third quarter when it came to raising money from institutional investors.
Northwest Airlines is expanding services again in Indianapolis and has begun a new passenger service from Guangzhou, China, to its Tokyo hub.
Communist Cuba on Monday signed contracts to buy 100 head of American dairy cattle worth \$300,000 and \$10 million of wheat and meat products from the southern United States, launching 
It lets businesses protect themselves from a variety of threats without having to deploy firewalls at each of their locations. By Networking Pipeline News.
Here in the lime-green payload bay of the space shuttle Enterprise, Anne McCombs is going boldly where -- well, where only a few men have gone before.
Avaya (Quote, Chart), a communications software, systems and services company, has announced a new Internet Protocol-based video-conferencing offering for businesses.
Claudio Ranieri thought he had escaped the worst excesses of management insecurity when he moved from Chelsea to Valencia in the summer, but the Italian takes his new charges to Inter 
The Bowl Championship Series standings underwent a shakeup yesterday, but the top two teams -- Southern California and Oklahoma -- remained the same.
The former Yugoslav president, Slobodan Milosevic, yesterday won back the right to lead his own defence at his trial for war crimes.
Matsushita is asking a Tokyo court to halt sales in Japan of plasma display panels made by a South Korean company that the Japanese electronics giant says violate its patents, the company said Tuesday.
The Nokia 9500 Communicator is the first mobile device operating in both cellular and wireless LAN networks to receive this qualification.
Iraqi insurgents yesterday kidnapped an American and up to five others in an audacious attack on a house in western Baghdad. An interior ministry source told the Guardian the militants approached the villa 
In a separate incident in Baghdad, four oil workers from a Saudi Arabian firm - including an American and a Nepalese - were grabbed at gunpoint from their office.
When the Mets unveiled the finalists for their opening at manager Monday night, the list was in alphabetical order: Terry Collins, Rudy Jaramillo and Willie Randolph.
FRANKFURT Volkswagen and its workers entered a critical week in their wage negotiations Monday, with signs that a compromise was taking shape even as protests flared at factories across Germany.
Oracle raised its hostile bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft by 14 percent yesterday, aiming to bring a resolution to the long-running takeover battle between the foes.
TORONTO (CP) - Arctic governments must cut emissions of carbon dioxide immediately or face the extinction of species, damaging storms and flooding, says the World Wildlife Fund.
Afghan militants agreed to negotiate the release of three UN workers taken hostage last week, but warned they were ready to kill them if any rescue attempt was made.
The push by the commissioner of Internal Revenue for quick completion of audits of big corporations - a move criticized by many longtime agency auditors - has led to a sharp drop in the 
Anthony Elgindy, the San Diego stock adviser accused of gaining confidential government information from an FBI agent in a stock manipulation scheme, looked attentively at the jury yesterday as 
The chief of the United Nations #39; nuclear agency appealed to Iran Monday to suspend its nuclear activities and expressed concern that efforts to halt 
Intel released its Extreme Edition Pentium 4 processor on Monday, a new platform that the chip-maker says is especially designed for people who like to push their PCs to the limit.
Point guard Tony Parker agreed to a long-term contract extension with the San Antonio Spurs on Monday night. Terms of the deal were not released.
SPORTS NETWORK - Chad Pennington threw three touchdown passes to lead the New York Jets to a 41-14 victory over the Miami Dolphins at Giants Stadium.
The Kremlin is hitting the Yukos Oil Corp. with huge new tax claims that will total \$17 billion, the Moscow Times reported late Monday.
Oil prices fell to a four-week low yesterday, briefly dropping below \$50 a barrel, as traders grew less concerned about possible threats to supplies.
Oil companies trying to overcome storm damage in the Gulf of Mexico have put 200,000 more barrels of daily production back on line in the past week, a federal agency reported Monday.
Alternative Web browsers Mozilla and Firefox experienced another month of growth at the expense of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer, according to an online study.
Oil prices plunged to \$50.13 yesterday, capping a 10 percent fall from record highs set last week and easing worries about high energy prices in financial markets.
Uruguay tapped Tabare Vazquez as its first socialist president in Sunday #39;s election, joining a growing group of South American countries embracing leftist governments.
Baghdad, Nov. 2 (NNN): An American citizen, an Asian and four Iraqis are reported to have been taken hostage at gunpoint from their office in Baghdad.
By wire services. Auburn moved into third in the BCS standings released Monday while Southern Cal and Oklahoma held on to the top spots.
A federal study released Monday lowered the number of flights that O #39;Hare International Airport can handle without creating gridlock.
The average circulation of the nation #39;s newspapers fell in the six months ended in September, as new federal restrictions on telemarketing and a more conservative approach by some publications 
The pace of corporate audits by the Internal Revenue Service continued to decline in the first six months of fiscal 2004, despite IRS pledges to crack down on 
If you think oil is expensive now, just imagine if Hurricane Ivan had swung west and come ashore at this bustling oil and gas port at the southernmost point of Louisiana.
Tyco International said Monday that it turned a fourth-quarter profit as strength in its electronics, health-care and engineered products and services divisions spurred a 13 percent rise in revenue.
General partner and avid baseball card collector Ken Kendrick happily raised a baseball card of Wally Backman vigorously sliding into an opposing catcher.
The Canadian government signalled its intention yesterday to reintroduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Industrial conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter profit on a double-digit jump in sales and on lower one-time charges compared with the year-ago quarter.
A recent study done by WestSideStory, a market research firm, present interesting results that show a continuous market share increase in FireFoxs favor.
Former Cincinnati Reds general manager Jim Bowden will be the general manager of the Washington baseball franchise, Major League Baseball sources said last night.
A US citizen and five other staff of a Saudi trading firm were kidnapped in Baghdad on Monday, while a deputy governor was shot dead, plunging Iraq deeper into crisis.
Villages were cordoned off and thousands of police kept watch along roads in central China on Tuesday following riots between majority Han Chinese and a Muslim minority that killed seven people and injured 42.
The Houston Chronicle #39;s daily circulation grew in the last six months, while Sunday circulation declined, the Audit Bureau of Circulations has reported.
The world #39;s sole remaining Cold War frontier post lost its American guards yesterday when the United States withdrew from the demilitarised zone between North and South Korea.
DETROIT - Chrysler is recalling 240,000 minivans because the radios may short circuit and cause a fire, the automaker said Monday.
All those players who have griped about how little progress has been made toward reaching a settlement to end the NHL lockout will have the opportunity to have their voices heard today.
A suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of a crowded market in Tel Aviv yesterday, leaving three dead and dozens more wounded.
Russian tax authorities have slapped oil giant Yukos and its main production unit with two new tax claims, raising the company #39;s total bill to more than \$17.
Shares of Merck  amp; Co. plunged almost 10 percent yesterday after a media report said that documents show the pharmaceutical giant hid or denied 
Oil futures prices sank to their lowest level in nearly a month yesterday on a continuation of the sell-off sparked last week by rising US supplies of crude 
Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank.
Data from the far reaches of outer space have been streaming into Dan Reisenfeld #39;s computer at the University of Montana since late Wednesday.
A Palestinian suicide bomber blew himself up in the middle of Tel Aviv #39;s Shuk HaCarmel yesterday, killing three Israelis and wounding more than 
The recall involves the 2001 and 2002 model year Dodge Caravan and Chrysler Town and Country minivans. The automaker says the short circuit may result from water seeping into the radio.
a three-hour party, really -he Jets delivered a rare rout, skewering the downtrodden Dolphins 41-14 last night at Giants Stadium.
The British Army is investigating the death of Staff Sgt Denise Rose, the first British female soldier to die in since the campaign in Iraq began.
Oil prices fell sharply last night, taking US crude below \$50 ahead of the US presidential election. US light crude dipped as low as \$49.
Lloyd Braun, ousted last year as the chairman of ABC Entertainment, will become head of entertainment and media content for Yahoo, the company announced yesterday.
The opening round of the three-million-US-dollar Paris Masters has produced some spectacular scenes as players displayed their strength at the last tournament of the Masters series.
The Confederations Cup will kick off with Olympic champion Argentina taking on African champion Tunisia on June 15, China Radio International reported Tuesday.
Crude oil prices slipped below USD 50 a barrel in Asian trade overnight as the market waited for the outcome of the US presidential election.
Venture capital funds raised \$5.5 billion in fresh capital in the third quarter, 78 percent more than in the prior quarter, prompting a warning by the head of 
Fall #39;s first significant flurries dusted much of Colorado overnight Sunday, making Monday a mess for many people along the Front Range.
Washington coach Keith Gilbertson, above, will step down at the end of the season and end a difficult two years as Rick Neuheisel #39;s replacement.
extent of unrest in rural China, fuelled by corruption and a growing gap between rich and poor. the Hui Muslim minority sparked rioting through the weekend.
Curtis Martin and LaMont Jordan each rushed for 115 yards and a score to help the New York Jets rout the hapless Miami Dolphins 41-14 last night.
The New York City medical examiner #39;s office reported Monday former major league third baseman Ken Caminiti died from a drug overdose.
The Philadelphia 76ers placed 11-year veteran Glenn Robinson on the injured list Monday with left ankle tendinitis and will try to trade the former No.
California made a big leap Monday in the Bowl Championship Series standings, giving the Rose Bowl a sigh of relief and possibly dashing Utah #39;s hopes.
JERUSALEM Israel #39;s army has destroyed the homes of the suicide bomber and those of two men Israel says were behind yesterday #39;s attack in Tel Aviv.
A car bomb went off outside the Iraqi Education Ministry in central Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least five people and injuring four, Reuters reported.
Michael Ovitz hopes getting his day in court fixes his battered career and tarnished image. Ovitz testified for the fifth day in the trial that has Disney shareholders shooting 
European shares edged higher Tuesday, with easing oil prices underpinning market sentiment, but investors were cautious ahead of a neck-and-neck race in the US presidential elections.
A self-proclaimed stock guru was alternately described as a crusader and a crook yesterday in opening arguments of his federal racketeering trial in Brooklyn.
Arsenal defender Sol Campbell will miss the big north London derby against his old club Spurs and England #39;s clash in Spain. The England center back is struggling with an Achilles 
The search for a new Scotland manager is under way today after Berti Vogts resigned as national coach following the country #39;s poor start to the World Cup qualifying campaign.
There #39;s going to be a ring ceremony in an NBA city tonight, and by now you probably know it #39;s not going to be in Los Angeles.
The offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were broken into in another twist in the Irish Olympic gold medal controversy, it has emerged today.
and not only on the political spectrum. Another November - another BCS college football quagmire looming. With the release 
A suspected car bomb has exploded outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad killing at least five people, two of them women.
Open Source browsers are continuing to eat into the market share of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. According to market analysts WebSideStory, Internet Explorer held 92.
Bangladesh #39;s batting problems continued as they slumped to a 138-run defeat in the first of three one-day matches against New Zealand.
China sought to play down election eve criticism of President Bush by a leading architect of its foreign policy, saying Beijing had clarified the issue with Washington.
Pledging cooperation with Nepal in its fight against terrorism, Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz today said his country would supply arms to the Himalyan kingdom on a credit basis.
Oil prices have fallen further below \$50 a barrel as, with the result of the US presidential elections still difficult to predict, traders cashed in positions.
CHICAGO Lawmakers from Illinois and Michigan are competing to convince the federal government that their state is the best location for an isotope lab.
Mumbai: The appearance of a match wicket doesn #39;t make the Indian team comfortable or uncomfortable, stand-in captain Rahul Dravid emphasised today.
Former Padre Ken Caminiti died of a drug overdose, coronary artery disease and an enlarged heart, according to the New York City Medical Examiner.
As the Broncos hope to learn more about the return of one standout defensive player this week, they will have to deal with the loss of another defensive leader.
The Rockets made McGrady smile Monday, giving him a three-year contract extension worth \$63 million. That, coupled with the three years he had remaining on his existing 
AUBURN - Ah, easy street. No game this week. Light practices. And now Auburn is being touted as the No. 3 team in the Bowl Championship Series standings.
Prices on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange closed slightly higher Monday on bargain hunting, traders said. The key Hang Seng Index rose 39.
Chittagong - Fast bowler Kyle Mills grabbed four wickets in a dream spell as New Zealand thrashed Bangladesh by 138 runs in the opening one-day international here on Tuesday.
Police confirmed a fatal shooting occurred outside a city government office Monday morning (Monday evening AEDT), but could not confirm the identity of the victim.
An unprecedented election-eve attack on Bush administration policies by a senior figure in the Chinese government suggested that, despite undeniable 
Once again, Iran has sent out a clear signal that it intends to become a nuclear power, presenting President George W. Bush or his successor with the next major foreign policy dilemma.
Shares in US drug maker Merck tumbled nearly 10 on Monday after a press report suggesting the firm may have ignored problems with one of its drugs.
Swiss banking giant UBS AG said Tuesday its third quarter net profit slipped 1 percent to 1.67 billion Swiss francs (\$1.39 billion; euro1.
AMD released two extremely powerful chips recently after Intel had to back down from the plan of manufacturing a 4GHz version of their Pentium 4 processor.
Matthew Seu and his two sons yesterday became the first to boldly go where no tourist had been before: within a few feet of the spaceship Enterprise.
Organisers of the European ATP Masters Series events are holding a meeting in Paris on Tuesday to discuss the current wave of withdrawals by leading players.
Reports that Google is planning a Mac version of its Desktop Search tool, recently released in beta for Windows, are not entirely accurate, according to publisher Tim O #39;Reilly.
Computer Associates International Inc has announced that the open source version of its Ingres database management system is now available with enterprise-level support options for Linux and Microsoft #39;s Windows.
Nokia Corp has unveiled plans to bring Smartner Information Systems Oy #39;s mobile email and personal information management offering to its latest Communicators.
On Oct. 31, eastbound Southwest Airlines customers out of Oakland International Airport were treated to a new nonstop daily flight to Philadelphia International Airport.
Apple last week fulfilled the wish of every Internet discussion-forum enthusiast who #39;s longed for the capability to view photos on a tiny color screen.
After plugging woodpecker holes in the tail and a little touch-up paint, original space shuttle Enterprise and hundreds of other spacecraft and artifacts from human efforts 
Computer Associates International (CA) has released a new tool for managing and securing wireless networks that attracted significant customer interest when it was previewed earlier this year.
IT spending in Western Europe is lagging behind the rest of the world, according to figures unveiled at Gartner #39;s annual Symposium IT Expo in Cannes this week.
India are considering the high risk strategy of asking Sachin Tendulkar to open the bowling for the first time in his career and selecting three spinners for the 
Northwest Airlines plans to expand in Indianapolis, a move that will knock ATA from its No. 1 spot on its home turf by offering more flights than the bankrupt carrier.
BAGHDAD, Nov 2 - A car bomb exploded Tuesday in the busy commercial district of Azamiyah in northern Baghdad, causing casualties, the Interior Ministry said.
A US Embassy spokesman said Tuesday that an American, a Nepalese, a Filipino and an Iraqi remain hostages after a kidnapping raid Monday night in Baghdad.
Toyota, already the world #39;s most profitable carmaker, is set to draw level with General Motors as the world #39;s biggest in terms of sales.
Retail sales rose more than expected in October and at their sharpest pace in three months, a survey has shown. The Confederation of British Industry said on Tuesday 37 percent of firms 
Olympic 1500m freestyle champion Grant Hackett has revealed that he defended his title in Athens despite suffering from a collapsed lung.
News reports from the area Tuesday say at least five people were killed and several others wounded in the blast outside the Education Ministry building in the Azamiyah district of the capital.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said here Tuesday that Pakistan is ready to provide military assistance to Nepal if Nepal demands.
Nokia has introduced its Near Field Communication (NFC) shell system which incorporates Radio Frequency Identification technology.
Tributes were being paid today to the  quot;enormously distinguished quot; Lord Hanson after the millionaire businessman died of cancer at his home in Berkshire last night.
All of the other Knicks either had left the court or were doing television interviews. But backup point guard Moochie Norris remained, practicing his long-distance jumpers.
A fortnight after AMD launched its super fast 64-bit processors, FX55 and 4000, Intel has responded with the launch of a chipset for power PC users and gamers.
A new report into the failure of the Beagle mission to Mars has concluded that the failure can be linked to the Government #39;s failure to commit money early enough.
A car bomb explosion killed five people and injured 10 others outside the ministry of education in the al-Azamiah neighborhood in northern Baghdad Tuesday.
AMSTERDAM - Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende has led tributes to film director Theo van Gogh, who was assassinated in Amsterdam on Tuesday morning.
CANBERRA Australia #39;s government wants to sell its 51 percent stake in Telstra in a single public offering, Finance Minister Nick Minchin said.
A general director of China #39;s space program says the development of the Shenzhou VI, which is to be launched next autumn, is progressing smoothly.
Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Unconfirmed reports say that Muslims from across China are trying to get to Nanren where minority Hui Muslims have clashed with majority Han Chinese.
They left a leaflet in handwritten Thai saying this was in revenge for the innocent Tak Bai victims, an officer said of the attackers.
As expected, Computer Associates (CA) is now shipping the Ingres r3 database for Linux following last summer #39;s announcement it would be available under an open source license.
Aston Villa have been charged with allegedly making an illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie. The Premier League said on Tuesday the charge relates to comments made by Aston 
A car bomb exploded on Tuesday outside the Education Ministry in central Baghdad, killing at least five people, including two women.
Mark Opzoomer, former head of Yahoo Europe, will be the new CEO of Blinkx, a San Francisco company whose search engines scout the Net and the desktop alike.
Macromedia has announced a special version of its Contribute website editing application designed to simplify the creation and customisation of eBay Stores.
EMOTIONAL Glen Boss admitted he put too much pressure on himself talking up Makybe Diva #39;s chances before the Melbourne Cup yesterday.
Norway plans to reopen its embassy in Riga on Wednesday after a two-day closure spurred by security fears that spread across the Nordic and Baltic region, the Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.
Britain has reported the first death of one of its female soldiers in Iraq, although the circumstances remain unclear, Sky News reported Tuesday.
The brother of the first British female soldier to die in Iraq since the war began said today her family were trying to come to terms with her death.
Washington - America Online is preparing to fire over 700 workers in early December, with many of the cuts coming from its northern Virginia headquarters, The Washington Post newspaper said Tuesday.
BAA, the world #39;s largest airport operator, said Tuesday it is on target for strong annual passenger growth after reporting a 17.
China is promising the toughest Olympic drug testing regime yet when Beijing hosts the 2008 Games. An Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) delegation including John Coates, Grant 
While USC remained comfortably atop the Bowl Championship Series standings released Monday, the bigger news involved movement in Northern California.
Officials at Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) announced the availability of an application aimed at simplifying and strengthening Wi-Fi networks.
An RFID-based trial involving Philips, Nokia and a Frankfurt-based public transport authority hints of a future where ticketing is merely a matter of swiping ones handset.
Ian Rush has ruled himself out of becoming the new Wales manager, instead opting to stay on as boss of English League Two side Chester City.
A filmmaker who is a relative of the painter Vincent van Gogh was slain in an Amsterdam street Tuesday after receiving death threats over a movie he made criticizing the treatment of women under Islam.
A car bomb exploded today near the Ministry of Education in a busy Baghdad commercial area, killing at least five people and wounding up to 29, officials said.
Palestinian officials say Yasser Arafat #39;s health has improved since Friday, when he arrived in France for treatment for a still-mysterious illness.
Vijay Singh will become the first player since 1950 to win 10 titles in a year if he triumphs in the elite 30-man Tour Championship in Atlanta.
Hollinger Inc., the company that controls the publisher of the Chicago Sun-Times, said Conrad Black quit as chairman, chief executive and a director.
America Online (website - news - quote) reportedly is preparing to fire more than 700 employees in early December - mostly at the company #39;s Northern Virginia headquarters.
Growth in its network power and industrial automation businesses contributed to a 28 percent jump in profit in the fourth quarter for Emerson, the company said Tuesday.
Former Wales and Liverpool striker Ian Rush has ruled himself out of succeeding Mark Hughes as manager of Wales. Rush was only appointed manager of English fourth division side Chester 
The fourth and final Test match between India and Australia begins in Mumbai on Wednesday. The Indians will be playing for some pride, while the Australians are hoping to sweep the series 3-0.
Ireland #39;s Equestrian Federation said its offices were broken into last night, hours after the International Federation for Equestrian Sports said a sample from the horse Waterford Crystal 
Verizon Wireless said Tuesday it won #39;t oppose the Federal Communications Commission #39;s decision to grant Nextel Communications Inc.
Playboy Enterprises Inc. on Tuesday said it rebounded to post a third-quarter profit as advertising rose sharply at the company #39;s flagship magazine.
Energy company Dynegy Inc. on Tuesday said it will by some of the power generation assets of Exelon Corp. for \$135 million in cash plus debt assumption.
Still five months shy of opening up their eighth major league campaign, the Arizona Diamondbacks are already working on their fourth manager.
The long-awaited missive from erstwhile tailback Ricky Williams, officially seeking reinstatement to the league, arrived Monday at NFL offices.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Detroit Pistons begin defending their title on Tuesday when they kick off another NBA season with a home game against the Houston Rockets.
Computer maker Gateway Inc. on Tuesday said it agreed to buy back about \$316 million of its stock from Internet provider America Online Inc.
Bob Clarke returned Monday from a vacation in Calgary where he was visiting his son and decided to weigh in on a couple of serious issues - the lockout and the status of Jeremy Roenick.
: Search teams have found the body of a local official beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in southern Thailand last week, police said.
US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election will produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year.
One of India #39;s leading telecommunications providers will use Cisco Systems #39; gear to build its new Ethernet-based broadband network.
MANILA -- A Filipino who was among four people abducted in Iraq is believed to be an accountant working for a Saudi Arabian company catering food to American troops, sources said Tuesday.
The first female British soldier has died in Iraq, according to the Ministry of Defence. Staff Sgt. Denise Michelle Rose of the Royal Military Police #39;s Special Investigation Branch 
Job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in October, according to the monthly survey by Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.
Liverpools new manager left the Valencia team in fine shape after two championships in three seasons, but insisting he was the victim of internal politics at the Mestalla that undermined his position.
Ford #39;s recent success in the World Rally Championship seems to have tipped the Detroit company into staying in the WRC for four more years.
The president of the United Arab Emirates, who helped forge a federation from seven Persian Gulf states and ruled it since its creation, has died, Abu Dhabi TV said.
At least one man was killed in a protest in China #39;s southwestern province of Sichuan, a resident said, in the second violent demonstration to hit rural China in the past week.
Slot machine maker International Game Technology said Tuesday that fourth-quarter profit declined 50 percent from the same period a year earlier as a result of the early redemption 
Legal concerns of all things have caused The SCO Group to rethink it plans to launch a pro-SCO propaganda web site meant to counter the popular Groklaw site.
Ford made a four-year commitment to the world rally championship Tuesday, ending fears that they could pull out of that series as well as Formula One.
Manchester United #39;s performance was so bad at Portsmouth on Saturday that Sir Alex Ferguson would give himself a game against Sparta Prague if he was picking a team purely on merit.
Internet company Yahoo announced yesterday that it is at work on a desktop search product. The offering would allow people to search their own PCs as easily as they can currently search the internet.
A local Buddhist official was beheaded by suspected Muslim insurgents as revenge for the deaths of 85 rioters in Thailand #39;s mainly Muslim south last week, police said Tuesday.
The Universal Home Application Programmer Interface Forum is working on a specification for analog and digital television designed to enable the creation of middleware and application software 
Ukraine #39;s presidential election ended in a dead heat calling for a runoff, while thousands of protesters on Monday alleged fraud in the west, and international monitors 
Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications Inc. said they resolved disputes over airwaves and trademark names, ending a 15-month legal battle between the two US mobile-phone providers.
Portal player Yahoo! will compete with Google and MSN in the desktop search arena, CEO Terry Semel told an audience at a Morgan Stanley investor conference.
Nokia has introduced three new phones at their Mobility Conference, the 7710 widescreen multimedia smartphone, the 3230 megapixel smartphone and the 6020 camera phone.
Straka made the surprising admission on the eve of the Champions League match between the two sides at Old Trafford. He said: Manchester United are great.
Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless are settling all legal disputes between them, removing a key challenge to a federal decision to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response 
NEW YORK - Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Tuesday its loss narrowed in the third quarter, as the operator of acute-care hospitals significantly reduced its loss from continuing operations.
China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said Saturday.
Representatives from France, Germany, and the United Kingdom met with Iranian officials twice in October in an effort to head off a possible diplomatic showdown over its nuclear program.
Slot machine maker International Game Technology (IGT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, as casinos bought 
German drug maker Bayer AG said Tuesday that early-stage trials of an experimental cancer treatment showed no significant safety concerns when used in combination with other drugs.
Yahoo is ready to engage in combat with rival Google by offering a new desktop search tool to help people find information on their computer hard drives.
Satellite television provider DirecTV Group Inc. said Tuesday that charges for the revaluation of certain satellites led to a sharply widened third-quarter loss.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
DUBLIN, Ireland The investigation into whether Ireland #39;s only medal winner from the Athens Olympics had a banned substance in his system has taken a twist.
Hector Cuper is Mallorcas coach for the second time in his career after that he signed a three year deal with the Balearic club in Barcelona today.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is confident bringing Ruud van Nistelrooy back into the side will help his side triumph over Sparta Prague.
Sudanese soldiers have taken up positions near refugee camps in the crisis-torn Darfur region sparking fears that tens of thousands of homeless people could be forcibly moved.
The Sudanese army and police surrounded several refugee camps in the war-torn region of Darfur on Tuesday and denied access to humanitarian groups, the United Nations said.
TORONTO Conrad Black stepped aside today as head of the Toronto-based holding company that has voting control over Chicago-based newspaper publisher Hollinger International.
In addition to showing a penchant for alternatives to Internet Explorer, the latest data also suggest that Mozilla is becoming the preferred option for those seeking to abandon Microsoft.
Toshiba on Monday issued a recall for faulty memory modules that were used in over two dozen of its laptop models. The recall potentially affects some 600,000 notebook computers.
US stocks gained on optimism the US presidential election would produce a clear winner, acting as the catalyst to lift share prices the rest of the year.
Mainframe products played a big role in BMC Software #39;s second-quarter earnings for its fiscal year 2005, which ended Sept. 30.
With smartphones gaining in popularity, Nokia has committed to beef up the capabilities of its Series 60 platform to embrace more multimedia features.
CAMBRIDGESHIRE police are investigating after a urine sample belonging to an Olympic gold medal winning horse was apparently stolen.
Despite its nervousness over the presidential election, Wall Street extended its rally Tuesday, pushing stocks higher as investors welcomed a drop in oil prices past the \$50 per barrel level.
Nokia #39;s RFID system offers consumers access to browsing and text message services by touching tags that contain service shortcuts.
Nokia today announced it is joining forces with Good Technology to extend its GoodLink software to Nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the Series 90 
Iraqi hospital officials say six people are dead from a car bombing that struck in northern Baghdad. An Iraqi official says the blast took place near the Ministry of Education.
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei condemned on Tuesday Israel #39;s operation in the northern West Bank town of Nablus, during which four Palestinians, including a child, were killed.
Arsenal are looking to haul themselves out of their first sticky patch of the season with a Champions League victory over Panathinaikos at Highbury tonight.
San Antonio, TX (Sports Network) - The San Antonio Spurs Tuesday signed point guard Tony Parker to a multi-year contract extension.
Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
West Palm Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Tom Lehman will be named the United States Ryder Cup captain for the 2006 matches, according to The Palm Beach Post.
Ford of Europe today announced a major commitment to the World Rally Championship. The Company has entered into a four-year agreement with Malcolm Wilson #39;s British 
US stocks changed course suddenly on Tuesday as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls show Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key states.
US stocks reversed course suddenly on Tuesday and drifted lower as chatter on the Internet speculated that early exit polls had Sen. John Kerry leading the presidential election in key swing states.
Agilysys Inc., a supplier of electronic components and computer systems, said Tuesday that it swung to a profit in the fiscal second quarter as acquisitions contributed to strong sales growth.
AT the halfway point of yesterday #39;s Melbourne Cup, Glen Boss admitted to a feeling of deja vu as he sat in 14th spot on favourite Makybe Diva.
LONDON (AFP) - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has asked English referees to give his players greater protection from what he says are poor tackles.
A Dutch filmmaker who got death threats after his movie sharply criticized how women are treated under Islam was stabbed and shot to death Tuesday on an Amsterdam street.
US property and casualty insurers paid out \$21.3 billion for hurricane damage, mostly in Florida, during the third-quarter, according an industry group called ISO.
Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
Former world number one Lleyton Hewitt held off a strong fightback by French sensation Gael Monfils to move into the third round of the Paris Masters Series indoor tournament on Tuesday.
AMD (Quote, Chart) and Fujitsu have embarked on a new line of advanced Flash memory to address an explosion of consumer electronics products, the companies said Tuesday.
Gartner analyst Martin Reynolds said Intel, as the market leader, needs to keep  quot;moving people down the path quot; of new technologies.
Documents stolen from the Equestrian Federation of Ireland were linked to the ongoing doping scandal surrounding an Olympic gold medal winning horse.
The European Union said Tuesday the Palestinian government remained fully in power, though President Yasser Arafat lies in a Paris hospital suffering from a serious, but undisclosed illness.
OTTAWA: The Canadian government signalled its intention on Monday to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.
Immucor Inc. said president and chief executive are under criminal investigation in Italy for alleged improper payments to a doctor, the maker of blood-testing equipment said Tuesday.
Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich is out indefinitely after spraining his lateral collateral ligament in his left knee in Sunday #39;s 20-6 loss to Houston.
The heavy handed approach by the Thai authorities in handling the protestors in Narathiwat province in Southern Thailand has undermined hopes of peaceful settlements for the ongoing violence 
NEW YORK - Nextel Communications Inc. and Verizon Wireless unexpectedly resolved a heated dispute Tuesday over a federal proposal to clear up interference between cell phones and emergency response radios 
Playboy Enterprises Inc. (PLA), the adult entertainment company, on Tuesday reported a third-quarter profit, reversing a year-earlier loss, on gains at its television 
including hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne -- contributed to \$21.3 billion in insured property loss claims, says actuarial firm ISO.
The board of directors of Raytheon wants to shorten the terms for board members. The Waltham-based defense contractor is asking shareholders to approve annual elections 
Market participants may think they #39;d prefer a Bush win, but Kerry might be better in the long run. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money staff writer.
The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video playback and streaming and recording capabilities, the company said.
Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - Baltimore Orioles second baseman Jerry Hairston underwent successful ankle surgery, the club announced Tuesday.
A break-in at the offices of the Equestrian Federation of Ireland in the early hours of yesterday morning added another twist to the story of the horse Waterford Crystal, with whom Cian 
United Nations officials report security breaches in internally displaced people and refugee camps in Sudan #39;s embattled Darfur region and neighboring Chad.
: A car bomb brought fresh carnage to the heart of Baghdad today, killing six people and wounding eight near the education ministry, officials said.
Budget airline Ryanair today announced record half-year profits, but said it remained cautious about the rest of the year. The Dublin-based carrier said profits after tax 
Safari users number less than one percent of the US Web browsing populace, according to a new online study, but Microsoft #39;s dominance has slipped recently, as Internet 
HANOVER - Management at Volkswagen and union leaders were locked in tough wage talks Tuesday as thousands of workers at Europe #39;s largest car maker staged more warning strikes.
Raytheon Co. #39;s board of directors is recommending that shareholders approve annual elections for all board members to replace the current system of three-year terms.
Mozilla browser is less complete than Internet Explorer but is much more than just an anti-Microsoft statement. Is computing not making the progress it used to, or did I just read a story 
In a recent television commercial for Major League Baseball to promote the 2004 postseason, Twins center fielder Torii Hunter said it was a bigger thrill to take home runs away than hit them.
THE kidnappers of British aid worker Margaret Hassan last night threatened to turn her over to the group which beheaded Ken Bigley if the British Government refuses to pull its troops out of Iraq.
The Sudanese army and police surrounded camps holding internally displaced people in the south of Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region Tuesday, blocking access to aid agencies, UN officials said.
It is almost weird to see these big corporations trying to enter a field so soon one after the other that was ruled by small companies just few weeks ago.
Tiger Woods enjoyed his three-week honeymoon so much that he considered extending it for a full month and skipping this week #39;s Tour Championship.
Automakers over the last decade have expanded their lineup of vehicles catering to the needs of disabled people and the elderly. A Toyota Motor Corp.
Nokia, one of the largest mobile devices producer, has unveiled a tri-band 3220 camera phone with NFC or Near Field Communication functionality with support from Philips and Sony.
Finnish mobile device giant Nokia said this week that it will support most widely used methods of pushing email and other information to its smartphones.
Chelsea have lodged a complaint with Uefa after up to 50 fans were barred from the ground in their Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Arsene Wenger admitted his concern tonight after Arsenal had lost a lead for the third consecutive Champions League tie - but the Gunners boss insists there is still no reason to panic.
November 3, 2004. Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez has confirmed he is looking to bring in a new striker following the injury to summer recruit Djibril Cisse.
Arsenal missed a chance to virtually guarantee themselves a place in the knockout stage of the Champions League when they were held 1-1 by Panathinaikos at Highbury on Tuesday.
ARSENAL are proving even more adept at throwing leads than pizzas. This was the third time in four Champions League matches that they have allowed two points 
Outside Continental Arena, the few Nets fans this preseason were greeted by excited radio play-by-play highlights of Jason Kidd #39;s spectacular feats from last year.
TORONTO (CP) - Outfielder Vernon Wells earned his first Gold Glove on Tuesday, becoming the seventh Toronto Blue Jays player to receive the award.
RAFAEL Benitez must gamble with Liverpools Champions League prospects tonight but lacks the ammunition to make it a fair fight.
Former newspaper baron Conrad Black resigned as chairman and chief executive of Hollinger Inc. on Tuesday, in an expected move designed to help him take the Canadian holding company private.
Verizon Wireless and Nextel Communications, two of the country #39;s biggest cellphone operators, said yesterday that they planned to drop their lawsuits against each other.
Higher passenger numbers helped Irish budget airline Ryanair increase earnings by 14.9 percent in the latest quarter despite rising fuel costs.
November 02, 2004 - Independent developer Climax announced today the development of Avalon, a multi-vehicle shooter designed for next-generation consoles.
Chelsea defeated CSKA Moscow 1-0 to reach the last 16 of the Champions League, while Ronaldinho #39;s goal helped Barcelona beat six-time champion AC Milan.
China #39;s government is playing down an editorial in an official newspaper that slammed President Bush #39;s foreign policy on the eve of US elections.
Chinese troops have cordoned off villages in central China following fighting between ethnic groups that killed at least seven people.
Although Microsoft Corp. still dominates the Web browser space, its Internet Explorer continues to lose market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
Google #39;s latest service, Desktop Search, promises to be one of its most interesting innovations, and also one of its more controversial ones.
Four Washington players will miss the season opener against Seattle Pacific after being suspended for playing in unsanctioned summer games -- a secondary NCAA rules violation.
Police and paramilitary troops were last night guarding villages in central China where ethnic riots involving thousands of people led to at least seven deaths and scores of injuries.
New research from Web analytics firm WebSideStory said usage of Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped slightly.
Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. announced today the release of Ratchet  amp; Clank: Up Your Arsenal for the Playstation 2 console.
Mumbai - Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne was ruled out of the final Test against India starting on Wednesday after he suffered an injury during a training session.
Even as peace talks continued in an effort to stanch the suffering in western Sudan, kidnappings, land mines and, most recently, a government crackdown on a camp 
United Arab Emirates President and ruler of Abu Dhabi Sheik Zayed bin Sultan al-Nayhan died Tuesday, official television reports. He was 86.
The Arctic ice cover will completely disappear in summer by the end of this century unless carbon dioxide emissions are significantly reduced, according to a scientific study to be released next week.
Arjen Robben scored a slick first-half goal to give Chelsea a 1-0 away win over CSKA Moscow and a place in the Champions League knock-out stages.
Gunmen holding the kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan have threatened to hand her over to the terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi if their demands are not met within 48 hours.
A VILLAGE chief in southern Thailand was beheaded in retaliation for the death last week of more than 80 Muslims involved in a protest.
Insurgents blew up a northern oil export pipeline on Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the national economy, even as car bombs and gun battles across the country 
Louisville, KY (Sports Network) - San Francisco leftfielder Barry Bonds won his record setting 12th Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.
Yankees SS Derek Jeter his first AL Gold Glove yesterday, taking over from teammate Alex Rodriguez, who had won it two straight years before moving to third base this year.
Venus Williams stretches for the ball during her first round match with Lisa Raymond at the Advanta Championships Tuesday, Nov 2, 2004 in Villanova.
An aide to Yasser Arafat said yesterday that the Palestinian leader #39;s condition was improving after treatment by doctors in Paris.
DirecTV reported a net loss of just over \$1 billion in the quarter ended September 30th, compared to a loss of \$23 million in the same period last year.
Seven weeks into their lockout with the National Hockey League, members of the NHL Players Association tried to smooth over their internal differences in Toronto on Tuesday.
There would have been plenty to talk about when player representatives met with union leadership yesterday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day.
A US soldier who vanished into communist North Korea 40 years has been found guilty of desertion after tearfully confessing he had been scared, drunk and had wanted to leave the army.
These are the facts: The Yankees blew a three-games-to-none lead in the American League Championship Series to the Boston Red Sox last month.
The Dolphins #39; nightmare got worse Tuesday with news that linebacker Junior Seau will miss the rest of the season with a pectoral injury.
IRVINE, Calif., Nov. 2 -- Computer maker Gateway Inc. said Tuesday that it had agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc.
Airline passengers may soon be able to wile away the air miles with in-flight gambling if low-cost carrier Ryanair #39;s latest cash-generation scheme becomes reality.
For starters, the Pistons played well enough to win their season opener Tuesday night against the Houston Rockets. But down the road, they will need more help off the bench.
Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky.
com. Barry Bonds extended his own standard with a 12th citation for offensive excellence. One Rodriguez lost his and another had to share.
Exit polls showing a tight race for the White House kept markets in suspense on Wednesday, with US stock futures and the dollar inching up as President Bush led in early counting.
French Masters Series defending champion Tim Henman believes the lack of pressure will allow him to go far again in the Paris event this year.
Bryan Robson is emerging as a serious contender for the vacant managerial position at his former club West Bromwich Albion as question marks over keeping Glenn Hoddle long 
It began at a vocal, boisterous, pre-meeting dinner of steak and pasta attended by some 80 National Hockey League players Monday night.
Thousands of striking casino-hotel workers reached a tentative contract agreement that signals an end to a bitter, month-old walkout - the longest in Atlantic City casino history.
Davie, FL (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins may be without linebacker Junior Seau for the remainder of the season, depending on the severity of his pectoral injury.
Martial law remained in place Wednesday in the villages in central China #39;s Henan province where ethnic violence killed at least seven people last week.
AC Milan defender Alessandro Nesta conceded Barcelona #39;s superiority during Tuesday #39;s dramatic 1-2 loss at Barcelona #39;s Camp Nou.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Conrad Black stepped down Tuesday morning from his position as chairman and CEO of media holding company Hollinger Inc.
FORD finally delivered some good news yesterday when it confirmed its commitment to world rallying for a further four years. While the 350 employees at the Jaguar Racing Formula One team, which 
A new space observatory is preparing for a mid-November spaceflight despite setbacks caused by hurricanes that washed across its Florida launch pad.
November 02, 2004 - UK-based independent developer Climax announced today the development of Avalon, a multi-vehicle shooter designed for next-generation consoles.
After meeting yesterday in Toronto with approximately 75 NHL player representatives and interested teammates, NHL Players #39; Association executive director Bob Goodenow declared no cracks in the union.
Jockey Stewart Elliott made a successful visit to Aqueduct as he swept both stakes on the Election Day card. Elliott, who came to prominence as the regular jockey of 2004 
In a mild surprise, the PGA of America is set to announce Tom Lehman as its 2006 US Ryder Cup team captain today, again bypassing Larry Nelson.
November 02, 2004 - Atari announced today that real-time strategy title Axis  amp; Allies is now shipping to North American retail stores.
Paris, France (Sports Network) - Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt and third-seeded Tim Henman each posted second-round victories Tuesday at the \$3.
Barcelona, Spain (Sports Network) - A late strike from Brazilian superstar Ronaldinho propelled Barcelona to a 2-1 Champions League win over AC Milan Tuesday at Camp Nou.
Seventy-five National Hockey League players met with union leaders yesterday to get an update on a lockout that shows no sign of ending.
Derek Jeter #39;s diving grab against the Red Sox in July caught the attention of all of baseball and perhaps earned him his first American League Gold Glove.
While the Dallas Mavericks have an overhauled roster, a more conventional rotation and a new commitment to defense, they also still have Dirk Nowitzki.
The Patriots are going to have to get by without Ty Law for at least a month -- and perhaps as long as seven weeks -- after the Pro Bowl cornerback was diagnosed 
Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home, according to The Associated Press.
The abducted Nepalese was working as a waiter employed by the Saudi Arabian Contracting Company (SATCO) that supplies rations to US forces, the Post said.
Ford pulled the plug on Formula One, but the US carmaker vowed on Tuesday to remain in the FIA-run World Rally championship at least until the end of 2008.
Former Open champion Tom Lehman is favourite to lead the United States at the next Ryder Cup when the new captain is unveiled on Wednesday.
DUBAI, UAE - The man who forged the ultramodern United Arab Emirates out of a federation of seven tiny Persian Gulf states has died.
New York - The property insurance industry sustained record third-quarter losses this year after a series of storms, according to an actuarial firm #39;s preliminary estimate.
Englewood-based Evolving Systems is proving that Denver #39;s telecom industry still has some pizazz left after the dot-com meltdown.
ATLANTA -- Normally when the first week in November rolls around, there are still some golf accounts to be settled, bragging rights to be declared.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to panic after his side were pegged back to a 1-1 draw by Panathinaikos in the Champions League.
The PGA of America is expected to introduce Tom Lehman as the next US Ryder Cup captain in a news conference at Amelia Island today.
The death of United Arab Emirates President HH Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi looks likely to increase Dubai #39;s influence in the Gulf region.
Car bombs killed at least a dozen people in Baghdad and another major city as American forces prepared for a full-scale US attack on the insurgent stronghold Fallujah.
Riddled by injuries to their most important players and playing under a seemingly endless cloud of controversy, the 76ers of a year ago went through two coaches and spiraled down to 33 wins 
Venus Williams, fighting to qualify for the season-ending WTA Championships, ousted Lisa Raymond in the first round of the Advanta Championships.
Two years after the killing of highly popular anti-immigration populist Pim Fortuyn, Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh is thought to have died a politically motivated death.
Arab satellite networks kept a close watch overnight on the US presidential race, the extensive coverage a sign of the great importance attached to the election in the Middle East.
Amazon.com was accused in a lawsuit of infringing a Cendant patent for a Web site feature that makes recommendations to consumers based on past purchases.
New England cornerback Ty Law will be out from four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot, his agent told The Boston Globe.
MILITANTS threatening to kill three foreign United Nations workers abducted in Afghanistan said yesterday they had split them up to thwart rescue attempts.
Armed gunmen have abducted a Lebanese-American contractor from his Baghdad home, CNN reported Wednesday. The contractor, who reportedly works for the US Army in the Green Zone 
Oil major YUKOS will hold a shareholders meeting on Dec. 20 to decide whether to file for bankruptcy or liquidate the firm after it was hit with huge new 
A thaw of the Arctic icecap is accelerating because of global warming but nations in the region including the United States are deadlocked about how to stop it.
Roman Abramovichs Chelsea continued their fine Champions League form with a 1-0 victory over the tycoons fellow countrymen in Moscow.
Russian oil giant Yukos chief executive officer Stephen Theede said today that the company would call an emergency shareholders meeting to consider a possible bankruptcy.
Asian stocks rose after President George W. Bush led John Kerry in vote counting in the US presidential election. Exporters such as Samsung Electronics Co.
Veritas has retooled its OpForce management software to improve the way the code works with its existing products and to make it easier for administrators to control applications.
The disaster at Oakland Hills Country Club apparently wasnt enough to sway the PGA of America toward a different course in selecting the United States captain.
Incumbent Hamid Karzai is the official winner of last month #39;s historic Afghan presidential election, the body organizing the vote said on Wednesday.
Oil official says fourth sabotage is one of the most powerful and most serious attacks ever on pipeline network. By Marwan Ibrahim- KIRKUK, Iraq.
Hall of Fame pitcher Jim Bunning barely won re-election to the US Senate on Tuesday, edging Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo by about 2 percent of the vote in Kentucky.
Clayton, NC -- A woman apparently upset about the firing of a friend took five people hostage at a Caterpillar heavy-equipment factory Tuesday, police said.
Wal-Mart plans to open 18 new stores in China by the end of next year, as new rules permit foreign retailers to expand into smaller inland cities.
Ford has made a four-year commitment to the World Rally Championship, ending fears that they could pull out of that series as well as Formula One, reports Reuters.
ARSENE WENGER last night admitted his Champions League frustration as Arsenal were left facing a nervous scramble to reach the second phase.
Tom Lehman, a former British Open champion, is expected to be named on Wednesday as the US Ryder Cup captain for the next match against Europe in 2006.
Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Byron Leftwich will miss four to six weeks with torn ligaments in his left knee, ESPN #39;s Chris Mortensen is reporting.
European Commission President- designate Jose Barroso came a step closer to ending the stalemate over his leadership team when Latvia bowed to pressure to replace its commissioner.
Kabul, Afghanistan -- An Afghan electoral board spokesman says Hamid Karzai is the winner of that country #39;s landmark presidential election.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is refusing to panic but admits his side are going through a dip after witnessing their English Premiership and Champions League campaigns stutter.
The leader of Afghanistan #39;s interim government, Hamid Karzai, has been officially declared the winner of last month #39;s presidential election.
Health insurer Cigna Corp. on Wednesday posted a higher quarterly profit as it saw growth in its health care segment and recognized a gain on the sale of its retirement benefits business.
New Delhi, Nov. 3. (PTI): The Government will decide on increasing petrol, diesel, LPG and kerosene prices within the next 24-48 hours.
He actually considered floating away into retirement with his new bride aboard his yacht Privacy, never to be seen on a golf course again.
If there is a crisis at Arsenal then nobody has told manager Arsene Wenger. In a miserable fortnight, the English champions have had their record unbeaten league 
Ex-player John Robertson was named manager of Scottish Premier League Hearts on Wednesday. Robertson, who made his name as a striker at Hearts, has left premier league rivals Inverness 
KIEV, November 3 (Itar-Tass) - Water cannons and armoured personnel carriers were removed from the territory of the Ukrainian central election commission on Wednesday.
Russian oil giant Yukos is very close to insolvency, Yukos #39; CEO Steven Theede was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying on Wednesday.
According to an Associated Press report Tuesday, cornerback Ty Laws agent Carl Poston told the Boston Globe that his client will miss four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot.
Until Tuesday, the Education Ministry remained untouched by the car bombs that explode daily here. Insurgents had announced from mosque loudspeakers that the 
Japan #39;s Foreign Ministry has dismissed a claim by Iraqi militants who kidnapped and killed a Japanese hostage that Tokyo offered a ransom for his release.
Insurer Cigna on Wednesday posted a nearly two-thirds lift in third quarter earnings, but also said 2005 earnings should fall from 2004 levels.
Early-morning risers this week will be treated to a wonderful display of planetary motion, as Venus and Jupiter cross each other #39;s path in the eastern sky before dawn.
Jeffrey Osborne sang the national anthem before a Lakers home opener for the 22nd straight year, the sellout crowd cheered loudest in the pregame introductions for Kobe Bryant and the Lakers 
Former Hearts midfielder Gary Mackay has backed new manager John Robertson to continue the success enjoyed by the departed Craig Levein.
Northern ice cap is warming at twice the global rate and that will lead to serious consequences for the planet, according to the eight-nations scientific report.
Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard lavished praise on Ronaldinho after the Brazilian #39;s brilliant late winner saw off the challenge of Champions League opponents AC Milan.
The ranks of the unemployed in Germany increased in October for the ninth straight month, the Federal Labour Agency said today in a report that threatened government efforts to shrink the public deficit.
A 64-year old American soldier pleaded guilty on Wednesday to deserting to North Korea in 1965, receiving a relatively light sentence of up to 30 days confinement and a dishonorable 
Mobile multimedia content will get its own nationwide network in the US by 2006 if an \$800m (435m) project by Qualcomm goes according to plan.
Ford yesterday announced a new four-year deal with the Dovenby outfit to keep the car maker a leading contender in the World Rally Championship.
The World Food Program reports the Sudanese army Tuesday surrounded two refugee camps near Nyala in southern Darfur province, denying access to humanitarian groups.
JERUSALEM - Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom called Wednesday for UN sanctions against Iran unless it called a complete halt to uranium enrichment.
Seven mobile phone companies with a subscriber base of 56 million across Asia announced on Wednesday a joint venture that will develop technology to build a common service platform across the region.
BCE Inc., Canada #39;s biggest telephone company, said third-quarter profit fell 78 percent because of costs for early retirement and severance packages to cut jobs.
Infoworld reports that SCO #39;s briefly planned foray into Groklaw territory announced last month has been put on the back burner.
CIGNA Corp. said net income rose sharply in the third quarter, reflecting increased earnings in its health care segment and a gain from the sale of a retirement benefits business.
Hamid Karzai was declared the winner of Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election Wednesday, after investigators concluded that a string of irregularities were too minor to overturn his triumph.
British troops redeployed in central Iraq to support US forces have come under fresh attacks at their base south of Baghdad, the BBC reported Wednesday.
Middle East News, Israeli occupation troops have demolished homes and detained several Palestinians in the al-Askar refugee camp in Nablus on the West Bank.
It is a management truism that low morale among workers inevitably results in low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
US stock futures predict that Wall Street will open sharply higher this morning on expectations that President Bush will likely win the election.
Nokia is about to start a trial in Germany that will see travelers paying for public transport with their mobile phone rather than cash.
The man suspected of killing Dutch film maker Theo van Gogh is a suspected radical Islamist with alleged terrorist links, the Dutch authorities say.
A panel investigating the Afghan presidential elections said Wednesday incumbent President Hamid Karzai won with 55 percent of the vote, the BBC reported.
HANOVER - Management at Volkswagen and union leaders Wednesday agreed to a 28-month pay freeze as part of plans by the giant German-based carmaker to drastically cut costs.
Market watchers expect the US stock market to surge at Wednesdays open, as Wall Street bets that President George W. Bush has likely won re-election at the nations president 
It was comforting to see Bob Goodenow hasn #39;t changed much in the seven weeks since the National Hockey League began locking out its players.
World News: London, Nov 2 : Japanese men no longer have to go searching for that perfect line to make women go weak in the knees.
The National Hockey League Players #39; Association closed ranks yesterday, but in doing so brought the season closer to cancellation.
Hearts have appointed John Robertson as their new manager to succeed Craig Levein at the Scottish Premiership club where he became a goalscoring legend during his playing career.
Sir Alex Ferguson has attempted to quell his strikers recent profligacy in front of goal by offering advice he received as a striker during his playing days: just hit the target.
After getting their championship rings and sending the banner up into the rafters, the Pistons started their title defense with an 87-79 victory over the Houston Rockets 
Clothing maker Polo Ralph Lauren Corp. on Wednesday said its second-quarter profit jumped 49 percent. Quarterly net income was \$80.
The FCC has voted to approve a spectrum swap for Nextel to keep emergency radio spectrum clean from interference. We let you know that it was likely to be approved, as late as yesterday.
Since rotations are usually shorter during preseason games, players have to get accustomed to extended daylight. This puts a burden on their physical condition as well as their ability to maintain concentration.
The shotgun formation is one used quite often on the football field, an alignment that is effective for passing the ball and generating offence.
The United States will not change their policy towards Europe, whatever the final results of the President elections, the US ambassador to EU Rockwell A. Schnabel said Wednesday.
Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) saw the strongest gains on the Infoimaging Index last week; its shares closed up 10.
(Sports Network) - The Sacramento Kings play the second game of their regular season tonight, as they visit the San Antonio Spurs at the SBC Center.
Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh received death threats after a recent movie criticized the way women are treated under Islam. Yesterday, the threats became reality.
Orders placed with US factories fell for the second consecutive month in September, the Commerce Department said Wednesday, with demand dropping sharply for manufactured goods other than defense materials.
Growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October a bit more than economists had expected, including a slight gain in employment, according to an industry survey published on Wednesday.
US Treasury debt prices swung lower once more on Wednesday as investors bet President George W. Bush was likely to win reelection despite a still contested vote in Ohio.
Hamid Karzai has been declared as Afghanistan #39;s president after an electoral commission concluded that vote rigging had not affected the result.
The US retail giant Wal-Mart investedone million US dollars to establish China #39;s first retail research center at Beijing #39;s prestigious Tsinghua University.
DirecTV Group, the largest satellite television programmer, said its loss widened considerably in the third quarter because of a one-time charge to pay for new satellites.
The Italians lost their 100 per cent record in Europe having won their first three matches, but a point at the San Siro was all they needed to reach the knockout stages.
A new report on UN inspections in Irans nuclear facilities may undermine the US demand to send Tehrans nuclear file to the UN Security Council this month, diplomats said on Wednesday.
Verizon Wireless said it wont oppose the Federal Communications Commissions decision to grant valuable wireless spectrum to Nextel Communications Inc.
PC World is reporting that Toshiba will replace faulty memory modules in certain laptop PCs.  quot;The program covers 27 models notebook computers.
So he would be flipping channels late into Tuesday evening and again very early Wednesday morning to monitor coverage of the American presidential election on the wide, flat-screen television 
Negative changes include a shorter season for oil and gas development due to soggy tundra and rising seas due to the melting of ice sheets.
Mateja Kezman today hailed Chelsea team-mate Arjen Robben as one of Europes leading players after his matchwinning performance in Moscow.
A doping scandal involving an Irish Olympic gold medal-winning horse is set to take in a seventh country, it emerged today. The world equestrian body, Federation 
Canadian Natural Resources Ltd., Canada #39;s second-largest natural-gas producer, said third-quarter profit jumped 55 percent as prices soared and acquisitions boosted output.
The Arctic is warming almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet due to global warming, according to an eight-nation report compiled by 250 scientists.
Some German bus commuters should soon try using their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called Near Field Communications gets underway.
London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal defender Sol Campbell will be out another three weeks as he is struggling to recover from an Achilles injury.
The killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam puts new strains on Dutch traditions of tolerance and will fuel demands for tougher treatment of immigrants, analysts and commentators said on Wednesday.
Time Warner Inc. reported a 7.8 decline in third-quarter earnings as it set up a \$500 million legal reserve related to continuing investigations into its America Online unit.
Independent music companies are launching a legal challenge to the European Union #39;s decision to allow the merger of Sony and Bertelsmann (BMG).
The NHS has struck a money-saving deal with computer giant Microsoft amid reports of spiralling costs to its national information technology programme, it was announced today.
Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone has thrown his weight behind a South African bid to join the Formula One grand prix racing circuit.
nowhere more so than in the Middle East. The most-watched news stations like al-Jazeera have given over their coverage 
The vast US services sector grew in October for the 19th straight month, but a survey showed that high energy prices began to bite.
Rockwell Collins Inc., the maker of aircraft electronics, said its income rose 18 percent in the latest quarter, helped by strong sales to the military.
I admit I thought Reggie Bush was the most devastating player in college football. I thought he was the biggest headache any defensive coordinator could ever have this season, and that he 
The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged its shareholders Wednesday to reject an \$8.1 billion hostile takeover bid by its smaller South African gold producing rival, Harmony Gold Mining Co.
An anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.
Although Microsoft still dominates the web browser space, its Internet Explorer continues to lose market share to open-source rival Mozilla.
The France Football Federation (FFF) has asked Robert Pires to explain comments he made about new national team coach Raymond Domenech.
Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan has been chosen as president of the United Arab Emirates, succeeding his father, who 
A new joint-venture wireless telephony company will provide regional mobile infrastructure and a common service platform to some 56 million customers across the Asia-Pacific region.
Tommy Hilfiger Corp. said Wednesday it would delay the filing of its quarterly report while it reviews issues related to a US government investigation.
A plan to help network various consumer devices is getting a boost this week thanks to a newly formed group of consumer electronics companies and chipmakers.
As US President George Bush headed for a second term in office, the American election produced mixed reactions in the Middle East.
It #39;s been a number of years since I headed out to college in New England and discovered the Polo Ralph Lauren (NYSE: RL) brand.
The Bush administration announced Wednesday that it will run out of maneuvering room to manage the government #39;s massive borrowing needs in two weeks, putting more pressure 
Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday new vehicle sales in October fell 5 percent from October 2003, the eighth time this year monthly sales have been below year-ago results.
Memory manufacturer Spansion said it has developed new Flash memory technology supporting the Serial Peripheral Interface communication standard.
Freddie Ljungberg has rejected claims Arsenal are suffering a crisis of confidence after they were held to yet another Champions League draw by Panathinaikos.
Points: The 19-day extravaganza continues with the first of two nights with Conference USA in the spotlight. Neither team left the field happy last time out.
Tyler Hamilton #39;s cycling team is challenging the method of a drug test that nearly cost him his Olympic gold medal and could result in a two-year ban for the US rider.
Dutch police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of the investigation into the brutal slaying of outspoken filmmaker Theo van Gogh, prosecutors said Wednesday.
A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in ocean waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
The 33-year-old Goldwire has averaged 6.5 points and 2.9 assists with six NBA teams since joining the league with the Charlotte Hornets in 1995-96.
On the second day of her state visit to Germany, Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II demonstrated her concern for environmental issues, opening a joint German-British climate conference.
The system eventually will lead to all patients having an individual electronic record. Online booking will mean doctors and patients can make hospital appointments at their convenience.
Nokia and Handango announced that Handango will be a key content provider through the Preminet Solution, recently announced by Nokia.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.
Oil futures prices fell Wednesday after an American government report showed US supplies of crude rising sharply, allowing traders to shrug off the fact that inventories of heating oil are still tight.
MONTREAL: Media tycoon Conrad Black resigned as chairman and CEO of Hollinger, the Canadian holding company for the media empire he built, a company statement said.
While most biotechnology stocks rose Wednesday, shares of major stem cell researchers fell sharply as George W. Bush #39;s victory in the presidential election was confirmed.
By guest contributor Josh Pereira. Nokia announced today their latest development in mobile communications, the Nokia NFC Shell (NFC standing for  quot;Near Field Communications quot;).
November 03, 2004 - Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas set a new record by selling 677,000 copies in the first weekend of sales in the UK.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Wide receiver Craig Yeast of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats was among the CFL Players recognized Wednesday for his outstanding performance in Week 20.
Germany #39;s interior minister said it was time to put aside differences with the United States over Iraq and look to the future as President Bush won a second term, but another 
Federal prosecutors announced more charges on Wednesday in a Philadelphia corruption scandal whose defendants include the former city treasurer, a prominent supporter 
Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday that US sales fell 5 percent in October from a year ago as car sales continued to decline and truck sales increased slightly.
Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) officials indirectly confirmed what many suspected: Linux is not its open-source panacea.
Apple Computer Inc. on Wednesday encouraged users of its iTunes jukebox software to upgrade to the latest version, available from the company #39;s Web site.
Back from injury, Elton Flatley and Mat Rogers will join Wendell Sailor on the bench when Australia opens its Northern Hemisphere rugby tour against Scotland on Saturday.
Police arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals as part of investigations into the brutal killing of outspoken Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, Dutch prosecutors said today.
COLUMBIA, Mo. -- The NCAA has handed down additional minor penalties to the University of Missouri in the wake of a spate of secondary rules violations, ESPN.
AMSTERDAM Prosecutors in the Netherlands say police have arrested eight suspected Islamic radicals in connection with the murder of an outspoken filmmaker.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman, the second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad, officials said Wednesday.
MOSCOW (AFP) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that a win by George W. Bush in the US election would mean victory over terror.
Three former warring factions in Liberia Wednesday officially disbanded at a ceremony in the capital of Monrovia. The UN Mission in Liberia said in a statement issued in 
A jury has convicted four former Merrill Lynch (MER) executives and a former midlevel Enron (ENRNQ) finance executive of conspiracy and fraud for helping push 
The Arctic is experiencing the effects of human-induced climate change, according to a four-year report commissioned by eight nations with territory in the region.
Sudanese security forces bulldozed a refugee camp after forcing thousands of conflict-weary Darfur villagers to another camp, an African Union official said Wednesday.
The man suspected of killing a Dutch filmmaker critical of Islam was probably driven by extremist Islamist motives and was already known to the national security service, the government said on Wednesday.
A Houston jury has reached a verdict Wednesday in the conspiracy and fraud trial of six defendants connected to a sham deal to illicitly boost Enron Corp.
Defense stocks soared to 52-week highs Wednesday morning as George W. Bush was poised to make a speech accepting re-election, a situation promising continued spending on overseas warfare.
ST. LOUIS - Utility holding company Ameren Corp. announced plans Wednesday to reduce its payroll by offering 950 union and management employees financial incentives to leave.
An industry survey said growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October, with a slight rise in the employment index. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said orders placed with US factories fell for 
The NHS has struck a discounted deal with computer giant Microsoft to renew its licence for desktop products. The Department of Health said the deal would save the NHS 330m on the current terms.
If you were expecting a sneak peak of an open source Solaris or to buy the new commercial version next week, don #39;t hold your breath.
LONDON - Fashionable women in ancient Rome applied a beauty cream that wasn #39;t all that different from today #39;s cosmetics, researchers say.
An international team of astronomers has produced the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays, helping to solve a 100 year old mystery - an origin of cosmic rays.
NEW YORK Nov 3, 2004 - In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star game Wednesday because of the lockout.
Queensland Reds #39; number eight John Roe will make his starting debut for the Wallabies in Saturday #39;s first Test against Scotland at Murrayfield.
ARSENAL defender Sol Campbell, who has missed the past two games with an Achilles injury, has now been ruled out for a further three weeks.
Police arrested eight more suspected Islamic radicals Wednesday in the slaying of a Dutch filmmaker who criticized Muslim customs.
Florida Supreme Court judges on Wednesday questioned attorneys for smokers and cigarette companies on whether a case involving thousands of smokers can properly be tried as a class action.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored all four goals as Manchester United demolished Sparta Prague 4-1 in Wednesday #39;s Champions League Group D match.
BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - With championship belts to go with their rings, the Detroit Pistons scored a late unanimous decision in their first title defense.
Mel Stottlemyre has not officially told the Yankees whether he plans to return for a 10th season as the team #39;s pitching coach, but one published report on Wednesday indicated 
Birdstone, who denied Smarty Jones the Triple Crown by beating him in the Belmont Stakes, has been retired from racing due to an ankle injury his connections announced Wednesday.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It took Detroit Pistons forward Antonio McDyess one game to get in trouble with the National Basketball Association.
Missouri #39;s basketball team was placed on three years #39; probation Wednesday for NCAA recruiting violations but avoided a ban on postseason play.
A Houston jury Wednesday acquitted a former Enron accountant but found five other defendants guilty of wire fraud and conspiracy. The jury cleared Sheila Kahanek of all charges 
A  quot;landmark agreement quot; with Microsoft to renew the NHS #39; license for desktop software would save an estimated \$608 million.
The team behind Beagle 2, the failed mission to land on Mars and search for life, has unveiled potential plans for a successor, it emerged today.
Columbia, MO (Sports Network) - The Missouri basketball program has been placed on probation for three years and will face limits on recruiting, scholarships and official visits for violating NCAA rules.
A federal grand jury filed more charges Wednesday against the city #39;s former treasurer and a top mayoral fund-raiser in a broad corruption probe that involved FBI wiretapping 
Chicago Cubs: A groundskeeper found a rusted, hollowed-out shell of a grenade in the right field turf of Chicago #39;s Wrigley Field.
Gunmen in Iraq kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman today - the second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad -s the countrys almost daily routine of kidnapping and murder continued.
A flood of Google Inc. shares that could dwarf the size of the Internet search company #39;s initial public offering will become free to trade in the next few months 
Real Madrid fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Dynamo Kiev in their Champions League match on Wednesday, leaving the Group B wide open with two rounds remaining.
The Dutch police authorities have arrested eight suspects concerning the killing of the famous film maker Theo van Gogh, Radio Netherlands reported Wednesday.
Prime Minister Tony Blair renewed his pledge to work with President Bush on the war on terrorism and to revitalize the Middle East peace process Wednesday, expressing hope that the 
Gunmen kidnapped a Lebanese-American businessman -he second US citizen seized this week in Baghdad  - militants released a tape Wednesday showing the beheading 
Juventus and Olympique Lyon joined Chelsea and Inter Milan in the last 16 of the Champions League after both scored late goals to seal their places on Wednesday.
Speaking from France, Palestinian officials say leader Yasser Arafat took a turn for the worse late Wednesday. He #39;s been in a Paris hospital since last Friday.
LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Andrx said Wednesday that its earnings were flat with last year #39;s and far short of what had been expected.
A study conducted by the Arctic Council which consists of about 300 internationals researches, have stated that the ice cap is warming at twice the global rate.
Andruw Jones has notched another Gold Glove Award and further enhanced the resume of a player many consider to be one of the greatest defensive players of all time.
Tom Lehman has been given the job of leading the 2006 American Ryder Cup team as the try to restore some pride after their heaviest ever Ryder Cup defeat.
THE prospect of George W. Bush spending four more years in the White House drew mixed reactions and a dose of caution in the troubled Middle East today.
Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a strong rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed the Republican #39;s victory.
US forces have stepped up pressure on Iraqi fighters in Falluja, using AC-130 aircraft and tanks to pound eastern and northwestern areas of the town.
Customer relationship management (CRM) specialist Salesforce.com is adding customization features to its hosted suite as well as increasing its reliance on partners to develop complementary applications.
Hoping other scientists might apply their findings to humans, a team of researchers in Halifax has announced they #39;ve become first in the world to successfully clone insects.
With Google Desktop Search, users can sift through their e-mail, files, Web history and chats to find information in the same way they search the Internet.
Points: Though Louisville is just reaching the midpoint in its Conference USA schedule, this might be the toughest remaining road game in its quest for the league title.
Annetta Flanigan from Northern Ireland, Filipino Angelito Nayan and Kosovan Shqipe Habibi were kidnapped in the Afghan capital, Kabul, last week.
US stocks climbed while bonds fell and the dollar lost ground against the euro on Wednesday as Republican President Bush won re-election in a tight race.
The French doctors treating Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat say his health has suffered a setback and they are carrying out more tests to discover why.
POTSDAM, Germany Queen Elizabeth II opened a conference on climate change Wednesday and praised the progress made by Germany #39;s formerly communist East.
When it comes to cosmetics, the ancient Romans knew what they were doing. Scientists have unearthed a small tin canister dating back to the middle of the second century 
THEY named a suite after John Robertson when he ended his 16-year association with Hearts in the summer of 1998. Many thought they should have erected a statue.
Andy Roddick and Marat Safin sprinkled a little stardust over the Paris Masters overnight, as the American and Russian crowd-pullers both raced into the third round.
A car bomb explosion rattled Wednesday morning a US military checkpoint on a highway leading to Baghdad #39;s airport, the US military said in a statement.
The Houston Astros are to retain Phil Garner as manager, a reward for his mid-season rescue act which led the team to the playoffs.
It is reported that another  quot;Champion Supermarket quot; of French retailer Carrefour will open soon in Guangming Village, Haidian District in Beijing.
Medical products supplier PolyMedica Corp. reported Wednesday it reached a tentative settlement with the Justice Department for \$35 million over an investigation into Medicare practices.
Cisco Systems is teaming up with researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to develop new communications technology that the company hopes to ultimately turn into products.
November 03, 2004 - Sonic Mega Collection Plus is perhaps one of the best compilations you could ask for. At a mere \$20, gamers can enjoy 20 classic games.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. Ltd on Wednesday posted a 28 percent rise in quarterly profit as strong results in newspapers, broadcast and cable television countered weaker 
Medical supply company PolyMedica Corp. has reached a tentative \$35 million settlement with the federal government over alleged Medicare fraud.
Top seed Andy Roddick of the United States beat Sargis Sargsian 6-2, 6-2 to reach the third round at the Paris Masters here on Wednesday.
Tom Lehman, who was last night appointed captain of the 2006 US Ryder Cup team, admitted:  quot;For the first time ever we will be the underdogs.
MUMBAI: India #39;s form slump may have left fans disappointed and the critics carping, but they found support from an unlikely quarter on Wednesday.
Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski said Wednesday that Hungary #39;s decision to pull out of its troops from Iraq will not influence his country.
Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Carolina Panthers placed kick returner/running back Rod Smart on injured reserve Wednesday because of a hyperextended right knee.
SUDANESE security forces bulldozed a refugee camp after forcibly relocating thousands of conflict-weary Darfur villagers, an African Union official said yesterday.
Time Warner has set aside a \$500m (272m) war chest to cover regulatory and legal action over accounting practices at its America Online division.
News Corp., the media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 27 percent, partly because advertising sales increased at its cable-television networks including Fox News Channel.
Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd says it does not want to limit its options on the price it has offered for Australia #39;s National Foods Ltd.
this was the foundation that fashionable women in Roman London would put on their faces before an evening or day out. Scientists 
Scientists behind the Beagle 2 mission to Mars unveiled designs yesterday for a successor to the British spacecraft. Plans for the so-called Beagle 3 came to light as scientists outlined 
ITunes users must upgrade starting today if they wish to purchase or download songs from the ITunes Music Store, according to Apple.
Sega of America today announced that Sonic Mega Collection Plus for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 has shipped to retail outlets across North America.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - According to a published report, the Philadelphia Phillies have named Charlie Manuel as their 50th manager on Wednesday night.
Few hockey purists will bemoan Wednesday #39;s announcement that the National Hockey League has cancelled the 2005 All-Star Game in Atlanta.
The health of Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, deteriorated significantly yesterday prompting doctors in France to conduct further tests.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said the re-election of close ally US President George W. Bush was a victory for the fight against terrorism.
Oil prices surged more than \$1 on Wednesday as the re-election of President Bush countered the impact of a big increase in spare oil supplies ahead of winter.
Wall Street celebrated President Bush #39;s re-election with a solid rally Wednesday, surging higher as investors welcomed continuity in Washington and shrugged off higher oil prices.
Worldwide sales of computer chips are expected to set a record this year, according to the San Jose, Calif.-based trade group Semiconductor Industry Association.
The Phillies have reportedly settled on former Indians manager Charlie Manuel to become the team #39;s 50th skipper, the Philadelphia Inquirer reported on its Web site Wednesday night.
The 2004 Cardinals were the National League #39;s best defensive team by acclamation. Now they have the hardware to back up that assertion.
A car bomb exploded at an airport checkpoint, a Lebanese American was reported kidnapped from his home, three headless bodies were found under a bridge and a US soldier was 
Juventus and Olympique Lyon became the third and fourth teams to reach the knockout stage of the European Champions League on Wednesday.
Time Warner said yesterday that it had set aside \$500 million to pay for potential penalties stemming from a government investigation into accounting practices at America Online, a step that 
The first criminal trial stemming from the financial dealings at Enron ended yesterday with a raft of convictions, as a federal jury found that five defendants, including four former executives 
General Motors and the Ford Motor Company continued to lose ground to import brands last month, despite heavy levels of incentive spending, according to sales results released Wednesday.
Vijay Singh is probably sorry to see the PGA Tour season ending. When you have dominated like Singh, why wouldn #39;t you want to keep playing?
Stock markets powered ahead while government bonds suffered yesterday as financial markets around the world signalled relief at the emerging clarity, and the result, of the US presidential election.
The Chrysler Group, the North American arm of DaimlerChrysler AG, continued on its hot streak last month as the only domestic automaker with increasing US sales.
An extremely rare whale with a beak like a dolphin found dead on a Byron Bay beach has excited Australia #39;s marine researchers.
NASA is preparing to launch a nimble spacecraft to detect the most violent explosions in the cosmos and study their afterglow for hints of their origin.
Two North Carolina residents yesterday became the first people in the nation to be convicted on felony spamming charges after a Loudoun County jury found that they flooded tens of thousands 
EUROPEAN FOOTBALL: The English club was the first to make the cut after defeating CSKA Moscow. AC Milan advanced after overcoming Barcelona 2-1.
The Bush administration has been working for months to keep an upcoming eight-nation report from endorsing broad policies aimed at curbing global warming, according to domestic and foreign 
Few video games have outraged anti-violence advocates like  quot;Mortal Kombat, quot; which debuted in the arcades more than a decade ago.
A landmark trial arising from attacks on Muslims that swept the state of Gujarat in 2002 was thrown into turmoil Wednesday when the government #39;s star witness accused 
Personal computer manufacturers and broadband companies are keen on expand Internet penetration in the by providing cheaper PCs that offer Net connectivity at prices as low at Rs 14,000.
com November 3, 2004, 12:14 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
CAIRO: People in the Middle East reacted with resigned disappointment yesterday to US election results that showed President George W Bush winning four more years in power.
The world #39;s largest media company set aside a \$500 million reserve in anticipation of settling government investigations into its bookkeeping.
Hearts has named its former goalscoring champion John Robertson as its new manager following the departure of Craig Levein to Leicester.
The ambitious wish list launched by the successful campaigns of President George W. Bush and Congressional Republicans ran smack into the harsh reality Wednesday that the United States is short on cash.
AMD announced last Thursday that it has launched an initiative to give 50 percent of the world #39;s population internet connectivity and computing capabilities by 2015, revolving around 
President Bush #39;s electoral victory was greeted internationally on Wednesday with a mixture of praise, disappointment and pragmatic resignation as world leaders jostled 
The Boeing Co. and other defense stocks jumped higher Wednesday, buoyed by expectations that President Bush #39;s re-election would benefit the sector.
KABUL : The deadline set by a Taliban splinter group to execute three foreign UN election workers it claims to be holding captive passed overnight with no word on their fate.
MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippine shares ended lower Thursday on last-minute profit-taking in select blue chips led by Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co.
If former Pirates manager Jim Leyland returns to the dugout next season, it appears that it won #39;t be with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Baghdad - Rebels mounted fresh attacks in Iraq and kidnappers have seized an American-Lebanese contractor and four Jordanian drivers.
A militant group threatening to kill three United Nations hostages including a British woman said today it was talking to the Afghan government about its demand to free Taliban prisoners.
Stocks staged a modest rally Wednesday as Wall Street embraced President Bush #39;s reelection and cheered the absence of a prolonged legal fight for the White House.
Phil Mickelson is finishing off a record season for himself this week at The Tour Championship, but mentally he #39;s been through for a while.
Crude oil futures fell after a US Energy Department report showed rising imports boosted inventories by three times the amount analysts forecast.
Management and unions at German auto maker Volkswagen reached an agreement on Wednesday that will bring an end to their long-running wage dispute, a union official said.
Investors on Wednesday roared their approval for President Bush, and the absence of post-election rancor, with the Dow Jones industrial average closing up 101.
The Arctic is warming rapidly, which in turn is affecting global climate, according to an ACIA assessment to be released next week.
Investment banking giant Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay Ford Motor Co. \$13.7 million to settle a shareholder lawsuit that was filed last year after a controversial 
Even before it was over, Antawn Jamison and Juan Dixon were limping around the court, trying to relieve aching muscles stretched to the limit.
Pepco announced yesterday that it plans to increase residential rates for electricity in the District by an average of about 18 percent beginning Feb. 8. An average residential customer #39;s payment 
Off spinner Nathan Hauritz grabbed three wickets on his debut after Jason Gillespie had ripped the heart out of the top order as Australia skittled out India for 
The New York Mets hired Willie Randolph as their manager Wednesday and planned to introduce him at a news conference Thursday. Randolph, 50, was the bench coach for New York Yankees 
The list begins with Byron Nelson and ends with Sam Snead. Ben Hogan is right down the middle, just like when he played. No Arnold Palmer.
The NHShas reached a landmark agreement with Microsoft on the renewal of the licensing of its desktop products in line with the Office of Government Commerce #39;s framework agreement with Microsoft.
Chinese people are expected to realise their dream of space tourism in 20 years with the country conducting research into the commercialisation of space technology, a senior space official has said.
Their starting point guard sat injured behind the bench, dressed in a nifty sport coat. Their backup point guard was nowhere to be seen, recovering instead from arthroscopic knee surgery.
Paris, Nov. 4 (NNN): Palestinian officials have said that ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat #39;s health has deteriorated further.
Charles Robert Jenkins, the former US soldier who defected to North Korea, was given a 30-day jail sentence Wednesday by a military judge after testifying about four decades 
Stocks surged Wednesday, with the Dow Jones industrials posting triple-digit gains as investors expressed relief following Sen. John Kerry #39;s concession to President Bush.
Hungary #39;s prime minister said yesterday that the country #39;s 300 troops stationed in Iraq will return home by the end of March.
It was fitting that Grete Waitz, nine-time New York City marathon champion, rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange seconds before 9:30 am yesterday.
NEW DELHI: India test-fired a supersonic cruise missile yesterday, launching it off the Indian coast, a local news agency reported.
Former Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executive Daniel Bayly, right, leaves the federal courthouse after being convicted of conspiracy and wire fraud on Wednesday in Houston.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. agreed Wednesday to pay \$13.4 million to settle a lawsuit claiming it unfairly offered shares in its initial public offering to Ford Motor Co.
LOS ANGELES A source says Hollywood movie studios are preparing to sue computer users they say are illegally distributing movies online.
Leaders in the Arab world have congratulated incumbent US President George W. Bush on his re-election. Arab League chief Amr Moussa hopes Bush will actively push forward the 
The former director of the Walt Disney Company who helped negotiate the contract of Michael S. Ovitz, its former president, said the uproar after Mr.
The high level expert group chaired by former Dutch prime minister Wim Kok has presented its review of the Lisbon strategy to the European Commission on 3 November 2004.
Hollywood #39;s movie studios will announce today that hundreds of copyright infringement lawsuits will be filed against people they allege are illegally distributing feature films online, a 
For starters, the Detroit Pistons played well enough to win their season opener Tuesday night against the Houston Rockets. But down the road, they will need more help off the bench.
FLUSHING, NY, (Sports Network) - The New York Mets are bringing Willie Randolph across town from the Bronx to be their 18th manager.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has admitted failure to progress in the Champions League this season would be a financial disaster for the club.
Yasser Arafat on Thursday was in intensive care undergoing fresh tests after his condition took a sudden turn for the worse, Palestinian officials said.
In a blow to the US effort to hold the Iraq multinational forces together, Hungary announced yesterday that it will withdraw its 300 noncombat troops by the end of March.
An Afghan militant group that abducted three UN workers a week ago say that the government and the United Nations have agreed to start formal negotiations for their release.
DALLAS - American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, chief executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday.
 quot;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas quot; revved into stores last week, promising its millions of fans another round of electronic mayhem.
In Afghanistan, the militant group holding three UN workers, has extended the Wednesday night deadline, for their threatened execution.
TO THE British, it was a war cemetery. To the villagers of Stahnsdorf in the former East Germany, its annual Remembrance Day service was their window to freedom.
Time Warner has set aside \$500 million in legal reserves to cover the possible outcome of government investigations into America Online #39;s past accounting problems, the media giant said yesterday.
ALTON -- Argosy Gaming Co., owner of the Alton Belle Casino, announced a merger agreement Wednesday with Penn National Gaming Inc.
American Airlines, struggling to compete with lower-overhead carriers, will cut more jobs to reduce costs, Chief Executive Gerard Arpey said Wednesday.
Golden-based Canyon Resources lost a bid to use the substance at a huge gold deposit in Montana. Golden-based gold mining firm Canyon Resources Corp.
Nathan Hauritz says the persistent Mumbai rain is only heightening his excitement before he bowls his first ball in Test cricket in the fourth Test.
Latrell Sprewell was beginning to make a little sense last night until a final thought bypassed his brain. He wants a contract extension in the worst possible way and keeps 
Tracy McGrady was traded to Houston in the offseason. He was the guy who could score 50 points a night, but his team would lose by 20.
A jury convicted five and acquitted one of six former Enron and Merrill Lynch employees yesterday in the first prosecution arising from the accounting fraud that led to the energy trader #39;s collapse.
That #39;s the theme of a marketing blitz the technology giants are launching this week to educate consumers about new digital-entertainment-oriented PCs.
The sourcecode to Ciscos industry leading PIX firewall system was recently stolen and put up for sale by malicious hackers under the guise of The Source Code Club.
Intermec, the Everett company that makes radio-frequency sensor devices, said yesterday it agreed to temporarily suspend its claims for intellectual-property licenses as part of a new standard.
In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star Game because of the lockout. The season was supposed to have begun Oct. 13.
House prices fell by 1.1 per cent last month, their worst performance in four years, Halifax, Britain #39;s biggest mortgage lender, has said.
Merger will make buyer No. 3 in marketMerger to make Penn National 3rd biggest casino operator. BILOXI - Penn National Gaming Inc.
A wide-reaching federal investigation into newspaper circulation practices has knocked on the door of a fourth New York daily - The New York Times.
A cosmetic face cream used by fashionable women in ancient Roman times has been analysed by scientists at Bristol University, UK, and now reproduced.
LOS ANGELES A source says Hollywood studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing movies online.
We know by now there are three Shaquille O #39;Neals, only one of them formidable. There is the unguardable Attack Shaq, the original.
This was the afternoon before Game 4 between the Yankees and the Red Sox, a beautiful October afternoon on Newbury St. in Boston, one of the great walking streets anywhere.
Former Nashville Predators center Sergei Zholtok died Wednesday in his native Latvia of an apparent heart ailment, according to the Predators #39; website.
Steve Francis made an outstanding debut for Orlando Magic as they opened the new basketball season in the United States with a 93-92 victory over Milwaukee.
Taiwan #39;s High Court ruled against nullifying the March 20 presidential election on Thursday, rejecting opposition claims that the vote was marred by fraud and a shooting that 
GM and Ford sales fell in October as the two largest automakers cut incentives. Sales rose at Chrysler and Toyota, helped by new models.
Yasser Arafat #39;s condition has suddenly worsened and he is in intensive care undergoing a new round of tests, Palestinian officials in France said today.
BHUBANESHWAR: India carried out its sixth test-fire of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile on Wednesday, defence officials said.
Japanese stocks rose after US President George W. Bush won a second term, boosting optimism that the world #39;s largest economy will sustain its growth.
Intermec Technologies Corp. has suspended a licensing policy for use of its radio frequency identification patents in order to help create one industrywide standard for the technology.
 quot;There will be a South African Grand Prix hosted by Cape Town within five years, quot; Ecclestone told South African newspaper Die Burger.
MUMBAI: For the third quarter ended 30 September, the media and entertainment conglomerate Time Warner recorded a net income of \$499 million.
Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Thursday as investors welcomed US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election to a second four-year term.
The Motion Picture Association of America is expected to announce a tactical shift in its campaign against movie piracy at a press conference later today.
Wind farms can change the weather, according to a model of how these forests of giant turbines interact with the local atmosphere.
Napster has extended its US music download store and subscription service to Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition-based Smartphones.
House prices fell at their sharpest rate in four years in October, the Halifax bank says, in another sign that the property boom is over and that interest rates could already have peaked.
Cosmetic face cream used by fashionable Roman women was discovered at an ongoing archaeological dig in London, in a metal container, complete with the lid and contents.
Napster has claimed a first with the development of a subscription portable music service that delivers legal audio content to next-generation mobile phones.
Despite Consumer Association accusations that Apple overcharges for iTunes tracks in the UK, its monthly magazine, Which?, continues to celebrate Apple #39;s iPod.
Some German bus commuters will soon be able to use their mobile phones as electronic wallets when a new trial of the technology called Near Field Communications (NFC) gets underway.
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems, an avid supporter of MIT, has joined the MIT Media Labs Digital Life consortium as a sponsor.
Hamid Karzais chief rivals in Afghanistans presidential election conceded defeat today after the US-backed interim leader was declared its first popularly elected leader.
US jets pounded parts of Fallujah on Thursday, targeting insurgents in a city where American forces were said to be gearing up for a major offensive.
An anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.
The campaign, dubbed  quot;Digital Joy, quot; will cost the companies tens of millions of dollars for its duration in the US to the end of 2004.
Seattle  Reuters News Service, 4 November 2004 - Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market slipped slightly in recent months but still dominated with 92.
Fraudsters have developed a potent new computer program that steals Internet banking customers #39; details by duping them into opening up 
Internet fraudsters have developed a sophisticated new method of using e-mails to capture internet banking customers #39; details.
For 3 quarters Wednesday night, the Knicks barely guarded anyone and after tightening that screw, they couldn #39;t make a shot with the game in the balance.
A US Army and Iraqi military convoy passes through after conducting a joint search operation in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad, Iraq Wednesday, Nov. 3, 2004.
Prime Minister Tony Blair told his Cabinet today that the re-election of President George Bush gave a fresh chance to move the Middle East peace process forward.
DETROIT - US auto sales rose 2.2 percent in October as Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. led Asian automakers to a record 35.
The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) yesterday scaled back its forecast for this year #39;s semiconductor sales, after demand slowed though July, August and September.
Microsoft and Intel are joining forces to conquer living rooms in the USA and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
LOS ANGELES -- A source said Hollywood studios are preparing to file copyright infringement lawsuits against people they say are illegally sharing movies online.
Handheld-computer maker PalmOne is considering moves that would take it beyond the operating system that helped make the company a household name.
The 30-year-old has fallen out of favour at Inter Milan after a bright start to his San Siro career following a move from Bologna in summer 2003.
Chris Bosh scored 20 points as the Toronto Raptors beat the Rockets, 95-to-88, for Houston #39;s second loss in its first two games of the season.
Japanese carmakers - including Toyota, Nissan and Honda - increased their market share in the US last month, latest sales figures have shown.
Ancient Roman women had beautiful skin, apparently, they had a foundation skin cream which until recently, no one knew how to reproduce.
INTEL AND MICROSOFT are to hold a joint advertising and marketing campaign aimed at plumping a PC at the centre of a converged digital home.
The team behind the lost Beagle 2 lander has outlined plans for a third generation craft, Beagle 2: Evolution, that could yet go to Mars.
The worlds largest software supplier, Microsoft, has won a nine-year contract worth an estimated 500m to supply IT systems to the NHS.
GENEVA : Roger Federer has pulled out of Switzerland #39;s Davis Cup first round match against the Netherlands next March to concentrate on holding onto his No 1 world ranking.
August 4, 1929: Born in Cairo, Egypt, fifth child of Palestinian merchant Abdel Raouf al-Qudwa al-Husseini. 1933: Mother Zahwa dies.
Ford Motor has agreed to settle a lawsuit that accused its chief executive of improperly accepting shares in the initial public offering of Goldman Sachs, which agreed to pay \$13.
Apple has activated previously-announced plans to close its Music Store to users of earlier versions of iTunes. The company revealed its intent last month, when iTunes users accessing the 
MUMBAI, India The bowlers dominated on Thursday as 18 wickets fell on the second day of the final test between India and Australia.
Steve Francis and Shaquille O #39;Neal enjoyed big debuts with their new teams. Kobe Bryant found out he can #39;t carry the Lakers all by himself.
Greg Maddux won his 14th Gold Glove award and three members of the National League champion St. Louis Cardinals have been honored as the top fielding players at their positions.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair may be relieved at Iraq ally George W. Bush #39;s re-election but analysts and politicians say any near-term gain could soon give way to problems 
FALLUJAH - American warplanes struck Iraqi positions in the rebel stronghold of Fallujah Thursday, ahead of an expected assault on the city.
NEW YORK - Time Warner Inc. said Wednesday it had created a \$500 million legal reserve to deal with ongoing federal probes of its America Online division.
Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s foursome against Sparta Prague in the Champions League has left Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson hungry for more.
Nokia Corp. said Thursday it has filed patent infringement complaints against Vitelcom of Spain over Nokia #39;s GSM and GPRS technologies.
Liberty Media Corp., the company controlled by cable-television investor John Malone, said it entered a transaction with Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
Team records for futility fall as Utah allows only 20 field goals. Bryant scores 38, but only Odom joins him in double figures. By Doug Alden.
The Czech parliament voted Thursday to extend the mandate for its troops in Iraq by two months, Czech Radio reports. The Czech Republic has around 100 military police in Iraq.
Wall Street cheered the incumbents victory with a day of active trading and a rise in the major indexes. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 101.
Airbus parent EADS posted higher-than-expected nine-month earnings on Thursday driven by a strong performance in commercial aircraft and raised its 2004 targets.
China has developed a light and removable spacesuit for its astronauts set to embark on China #39;s second manned space mission scheduled for next September.
The European Central Bank has kept eurozone interest rates unchanged at 2 for the seventeenth consecutive month. The decision came amid worries about the economy in the 12-nation eurozone.
OPTUS is close to completing a comprehensive review of its customer service operations which is likely to result in some of the 3500 jobs in the area moving offshore.
DALLAS -- American Airlines #39; chief executive is warning of more job cuts to reduce costs as the carrier struggles to compete with lower-overhead airlines.
The trade group that represents Hollywood #39;s major motion picture studios is expected to announce Thursday that it intends to file as many as 230 lawsuits in coming weeks against individuals 
LONDON: A British television channel is looking for volunteers for a documentary which will look into dead bodies during the process of decomposition.
WITH only two weeks to go before Sun Microsystems enters into the open source foray with its Solaris 10 operating system, the Sta.
(Sports Network) - Chris Bosh scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds to lead Toronto to a 95-88 win over Houston at the Air Canada Centre.
SUDDENLY, The News Corporation Inc chairman Rupert Murdoch and the Murdoch family are in a similar position to most other listed company management teams.
Consumers return to stores in October, but holiday shopping looks tame. Oil holds above \$50 per barrel. Constellation seals the deal for Mondavi.
measures, which it said would deliver at least one billion rand per annum in improved pre-tax operating profit at Gold Fields #39; South African operations.
Microsoft and Intel are joining forces to conquer US living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie sparked an Indian collapse Thursday before spinner Anil Kumble hit back with five wickets as bowlers dominated the second day of the fourth Test.
Ruud van Nistelrooy added another brace to his incredible European goals collection as Manchester United put their Premiership woes behind them at Old Trafford.
Senior Palestinian officials convened meetings in the West Bank today in response to conflicting reports over the declining health of Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat, who has been in a 
A militant group threatening to kill three United Nations hostages including a Northern Irish woman Annetta Flanigan said today it was talking to the Afghan government about its demand to free Taliban prisoners.
FORT WORTH, Texas -- American Airlines says more job cuts are on the way after the airline had already planned about 1,000 layoffs.
University of Maryland basketball player Nik Caner-Medley has reached a settlement with prosecutors on a disorderly conduct charge involving an altercation in the Old Port in July, lawyers said.
The Baltimore Ravens will look a bit more intimidating when they face bitter rivals the Cleveland Browns for the second time this season on Sunday night.
(Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics got their season off on a losing note on Wednesday, as they dropped a 98-95 decision to the Philadelphia 76ers at the FleetCenter.
As expected, Apple last week launched iPOD Photo, a new version of its portable digital music player that has been optimized to handle photos as well.
Fraudsters have developed phishing emails capable of automatically stealing bank log-in details without requiring users to click on a website link, email filtering firm MessageLabs warns.
Mianne Bagger is more than prepared for her spell in the spotlight after becoming the first transsexual to earn a place on the women #39;s European Tour.
Assistant manager Tommy Burns has been put in temporary charge of Scotland following the resignation of Berti Vogts, the Scottish FA said on Thursday.
The main suspect in the Amsterdam slaying of Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh has links to a radical Islamic terrorist group, the BBC reported Thursday.
Britain will not back military action against Iran if President George W Bush decides to confront Tehran in his second White House term, Jack Straw has said.
A boost in US crude supplies and the end of American election uncertainties brought some calm to oil markets Thursday, with crude futures falling but still holding above the \$50 mark.
The European Central Bank kept its benchmark interest rate at 2 percent, a six-decade low, to support an economic recovery that is being undermined by record oil costs and rising unemployment.
Deportivo Coruna need a miracle to make the Champions League knockout stage after Wednesday #39;s 1-0 home defeat by Liverpool, the club #39;s president said Thursday.
Manchester United today ended the uncertainty over Wes Brown #39;s future at the club by announcing the central defender has agreed a new four-year contract.
Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.
SBC Communications and BellSouth will acquire YellowPages.com with the goal of building the site into a nationwide online business index, the companies said Thursday.
Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga.
(Sports Network) - The Utah Jazz began their 2004-05 campaign with a 104-78 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at the Delta Center on Wednesday night.
Michigan Tech will continue one of the most improbable comebacks in college football history on a grand stage Saturday when it plays two-time defending NCAA Division II champion 
THE United Nations said today it was increasingly worried about three of its election workers, abducted at gunpoint in Kabul a week ago by militants who have threatened to kill them.
Brig Gen Shmuel Zakai is believed to have told reporters that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered an operation in Gaza that the army thought unnecessary.
The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.9 per cent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday.
MONTREAL - Third-quarter profit at Alcan Inc. almost doubled, the company said Thursday, crediting higher aluminum prices and more shipments.
A British television channel is seeking a terminally ill volunteer to donate their body after death so it can be filmed as it decomposes.
An international team of astronomers believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN Music online download service fired another salvo this week at Apple rival iTunes Music Store by announcing its expansion into new European countries.
Stand-in India captain Rahul Dravid has called on his batsmen to make amends for some dire first-innings batting in the fourth test against Australia.
The German government has unveiled a series of measures aimed at bringing the country #39;s public deficit back below the eurozone #39;s 3 of GDP limit in 2005.
Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. are joining forces to conquer US living rooms and make further inroads into the coveted consumer electronics space.
Editor - FirstScience.com. I have been experimenting of late with various internet browsers as potential replacements for Microsoft Internet Explorer.
A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted in the nation #39;s first felony prosecution of internet spam distributors.
The Napster To Go portable digital music subscription service, which was previewed in September, works via a plug-in to Windows Media Player 10.
German budget airline Air Berlin and its Austrian partner NIKI are buying up to 110 new jets from Airbus, which the European aircraft maker will start delivering next year.
BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. have teamed up to buy the online directory publisher www.yellowpages.com Inc. for an undisclosed amount.
Sources close to the vendor say an intense, high-level debate continues about Sun #39;s open-source Solaris plans, which were first announced in June.
Handango has signed on as a  quot;key content provider quot; of mobile content and applications on Nokia #39;s recently announced Preminet platform.
East Rutherford, NJ (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets have signed head coach Lawrence Frank to a multi-year contract extension.
The election might be over, but Pennsylvania will remain a battleground state at least until Nov. 7, when Super Bowl candidates Pittsburgh and Philadelphia collide in Heinz Field.
If the Mets had any problems with the fact that Omar Minaya had hired a career Yankee as the club #39;s new manager, it wasn #39;t obvious Thursday morning.
PARIS - A hospital official in France on Thursday denied reports that Yasser Arafat had died as the result of an undisclosed illness.
KABUL - Militants who abducted three United Nations hostages in Afghanistan warned they will decide on Friday whether to kill them because talks have broken down, news reports say.
Bangkok (VNA) - The Thai police said violence has killed at least 10 people, including nine Buddhists and one Muslim, over the past two days.
Seven Asian telecommunications firms are coming together to invest between \$30m and \$40m (16.3m and 22m) in new mobile phone services and technology.
The outlook for the holiday season brightened Thursday as many of the nation #39;s retailers reported an improvement in sales in October.
Bayern Munich goalkeeper Oliver Kahn rejected the blame, despite his last-minute blunder, for his team #39;s 1-0 loss against Juventus in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Former champion Jacques Villeneuve will have his first test for Sauber in Spain this month after a seat fitting at the Formula One team #39;s Swiss factory on Thursday.
Turin, Italy (Sports Network) - Valentino Castellani, the chief organizer of the Turin Olympic Committee, has announced his decision to resign.
Military and rebel commanders in Ivory Coast say war has resumed, after military planes carried out raids on northern rebel positions.
The head of the European Central Bank said Thursday there is growing concern about higher energy prices increasing inflationary pressures.
The consolidation wave in the gaming industry has taken yet another somewhat shocking turn. Wednesday afternoon, casino and racetrack operator Penn National Gaming (Nasdaq: PENN 
Fewer Americans filed jobless claims last week and growth in worker productivity slowed sharply in the third quarter, government data showed on Thursday, hinting that 
Eight more European countries got access to Microsofts MSN Music Store today. This comes in wake of Apples similar move to provide iTunes access to more European countries.
Rising sea levels could put many of Northern Irelands most vulnerable coastal areas under threat if carbon dioxide emissions are not cut immediately, a new report has claimed.
Steve Spurrier obviously did a lot of soul-searching over the last two weeks, and his decision to withdraw his name from consideration for the Florida job comes down to the fact that Florida 
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles running back Brian Westbrook is listed as questionable for Sunday #39;s Keystone State showdown against the Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field.
Israel #39;s military commander of the Gaza Strip area, Brig.-Gen. Shmuel Zakai, announced his resignation Thursday amid a leaked media report scandal.
US researchers said on Friday they had found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab dishes and used them to father baby mice.
Summary - (Nov 4, 2004) European astronomers have produced the first image of an object using high energy gamma rays - the most penetrating form of radiation known.
After spending more than a week thinking about it, Spurrier decided Thursday to remove his name from consideration to replace Ron Zook.
Mortgage rates increased this week for the first time in a month, while holding close to the lowest since early April, according to Freddie Mac.
Three large moons hang in the daytime sky above Jupiter in a newly released image, casting a trio of shadows on the planet. Such a triple eclipse occurs only once or twice per decade.
Phone maker Nokia has detailed moves that it hopes will make it the supplier of choice for mobile email and messaging devices for corporates.
The president of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympic Games is to offer his resignation because he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
Three British soldiers who had recently been deployed to provide cover for US troops in Iraq have been killed in an attack, according to the government.
The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged Thursday, saying high oil prices meant uncertain prospects for Europe #39;s economic recovery.
ATLANTA BellSouth and San Antonio-based SBC Communications are joining forces in an effort to lead the way in Internet-based phone directories.
Intel and Microsoft are reportedly teaming up for a year-end marketing blitz to educate consumers about new digital entertainment-oriented PCs and other associated gadgets.
Soon, Canada will finally get its own iTunes digital music store. The long-expected announcement came at a press conference held in California last week.
The Mets introduced Willie Randolph as their new manager Thursday afternoon, giving the Brooklyn native a big welcome in a press conference at Shea Stadium #39;s Diamond Club.
Union leaders at central Florida #39;s Walt Disney World have asked its rank and file to vote to approve a strike because contract negotiations have stalled.
an ancient Roman beauty cream made of refined animal fat and tin-oxide -- have recreated the formula. They found that contains 
Researchers say they have identified brain cell receptors that appear to be responsible for nicotine addiction, a finding of clear importance for smokers who are desperately trying to kick the habit.
Microsoft said Thursday that it is enjoying success with its campaign to increase IT security for customers of its products worldwide.
All three seeds in action won Wednesday at the WTA stop in Philadelphia in (3) Maria  quot;Cell Phone Mannequin quot; Sharapova (d.
Vincent Lecavalier signed with a Russian team Thursday to play during the NHL lockout and said Tampa Bay Lightning teammate Brad Richards will be joining him.
A father of a Black Watch soldier has spoken of his worry for his son #39;s safety following reports that three soldiers have been killed in Iraq.
Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), formed by major Hollywood movie studios, said Thursday it seeks to sue computer users suspected of illegally distributing movies over the Internet.
IBM #39;s Global Services division has created a practice to help customers with Web services management tools scale to larger service-oriented architectures (SOA).
The Mets introduced the longtime New York Yankees coach as their new manager Thursday at Shea Stadium. Randolph takes over from Art Howe, fired at the end of the season.
Defence minister Adam Ingram today told MPs that three members of the Black Watch regiment had been killed in central Iraq. Mr Ingram was unable to give details of the incident in his Commons statement but 
Houston -- Jurors returned to a Houston federal court Thursday to begin the second phase of the Enron-Merrill Lynch fraud and conspiracy trial.
Ontario Finance Minister Greg Sorbara said government spending and revenue rose almost equally in the first six months of the fiscal year, leaving the provincial budget deficit unchanged 
Blizzard Entertainment has confirmed that World of Warcraft, its highly anticipated online world title, will debut on Nov. 23.
Romanian soccer star Adrian Mutu as he arrives at the British Football Association in London, ahead of his disciplinary hearing, Thursday Nov. 4, 2004.
For the first time since 1993, Willie Randolph won #39;t be in a Yankees uniform on Opening Day when New York opens its season next April.
Joy during the holiday season usually comes from family and friends, but this year Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. want it to also come from the PC.
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday posted weaker US vehicle sales for October due to fewer blow-out incentives as inventories of older model 2004 vehicles declined.
A year after the recording industry opened fire on illegal file-sharers with hundreds of lawsuits, the movie industry has followed its lead.
St. Petersburg, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay Devil Rays centerfielder Rocco Baldelli is scheduled to undergo knee surgery on Friday.
Thats my observation following the official announcement Wednesday that Tom Lehman will be the 2006 US Ryder Cup captain. It was a surprising move by the sponsoring PGA 
Three British troops have been killed and others injured in an attack in central Iraq, British Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram confirmed on Thursday.
US researchers say that they have found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab dishes and used them to father baby mice. They say the development could lead to easier ways to genetically manipulate 
Tampa Bay center fielder Rocco Baldelli hurt his left knee playing baseball at his Cumberland, RI, home and will undergo surgery on Friday.
Pass pressure has been poor, tackling sloppy and the intensity of earlier this season absent. Players appear tentative, confused and surprisingly ordinary.
Crude oil climbed more than \$1 in New York on the re-election of President George W. Bush, who has been filling the US Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Viacom Inc. plans to submit a bid to buy financial news provider MarketWatch Inc., according to a filing Thursday with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Microsoft will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced today.
BT has reported a rising share of net broadband additions during its fiscal second quarter, signalling its position in the business was not as bad as some had analysts had feared.
4 November 2004 -- Afghan President-elect Hamid Karzai today pledged to use his five-year term to crack down on commanders and the country #39;s drug economy.
Oil prices eased on Thursday, trimming gains from a \$1 rally the previous day following President George W. Bush #39;s US.election victory.
A Sun Microsystems executive expressed confidence that highly skilled workers in the Philippines and in Vietnam will make the two countries the center for the development of the Internet program Java in Southeast Asian.
_ President Bush insists it #39;s not a waste of time to try to promote freedom in places like Iraq and other parts of the Middle East.
BellSouth Corp. and SBC Communications Inc. are expanding their partnership beyond Cingular Wireless with a joint purchase of YellowPages.
Apple #39;s iTunes store currently has coverage in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
The chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government, just 15 months before the start of the Winter Games.
STUTTGART, November 4 (UEFA Cup) - VfB Stuttgart went clear at the top of Group G with a convincing win over Portuguese giants Benfica.
Cornerback Fred Smoot said today that he is enthused by the progress of negotiations with the Washington Redskins on a contract extension and hopes to play his entire career with the team.
Former Gator football coach Steve Spurrier will not be back coaching the Gators next fall. In a statement released just before noon, Spurrier said that he told Athletic Director Jeremy 
Europeans were right. It was a world election. They favored Kerry, roughly 6-1. Now they must live with the result. Europeans opposed Bush largely because they believe his 
LOS ANGELES -- Hollywood studios say they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Nov. 4, 2004 -- Scientists from the University of Pennsylvania have successfully grown stem cells that make sperm, which could eventually lead to new treatments for male infertility.
NEW YORK -- A proposal for a \$1.4 billion stadium for the New York Jets professional football team inched ahead on Thursday as the Empire State Development Corp.
Genetically altered mice that are unusually sensitive to nicotine may help scientists nail down exactly how people become addicted to smoking, US researchers said on Thursday.
Networking firm Novell Inc. on Thursday said Chris Stone, vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer, is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.
A \$100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation #39;s nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month.
ATLANTA - Vijay Singh used a steady round to pull within two strokes of the lead after Thursdays opening round of the \$6 million Tour Championship at East Lake Golf Club.
Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as Middlesbrough beat Lazio 2-0 to maintain its 100 percent record in the UEFA Cup group stage on Thursday.
European Union leaders on Thursday considered taking on a bigger role in rebuilding Iraq and forging stronger ties with re-elected President Bush.
South Korean officials were very cautious when they were waiting for the outcome of the closely contested US presidential election, refraining from making any prediction or comments.
European aerospace giant EADS more than doubled its profit in the first nine months of the year, topping market expectations as a rebound in civil 
Opera Software and SlipStream Data announced the integration of the Opera browser with SlipStream #39;s web and email acceleration technology.
Britain #39;s Darren Clarke shared the lead with Jay Haas and Jerry Kelly after Thursday #39;s wet first round of the \$6 million season-ending Tour Championship.
Middlesbrough secured a victory at home to Lazio, while Newcastle was also too good for Dynamo Tbilisi as the UEFA Cup action continued across Europe.
Tobacco and food giant Altria Group Inc. is moving ahead with preparations to break itself up into two or three businesses, the company #39;s chairman and CEO said Thursday.
Conexant Systems Inc. shares slid in after-hours trade Thursday after the chip maker reported a fourth-quarter loss, following others in the industry to report customer demand below expectations.
The Motion Picture Association of America will begin suing online file traders this month, pursuing a strategy similar to one employed by the recording industry during the past year.
Just 15 months before the start of the games, the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympics is quitting in a power struggle with the Italian government.
It was supposed to go to Payne Stewart, the position of captain of the United States Ryder Cup team for 2006. That was the speculation.
An IBM-built supercomputer being assembled for Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory has attained a record 70.72 trillion computations per second, the Energy Department said Thursday.
Microsoft wants to create closer ties between its Office desktop software and its server applications in the next version of Office, hoping customers will upgrade their copies of the dominant desktop software suite.
Altec Lansing has been around since before the dawn of stereo. Altec Lansing was formed in 1941 when Altec purchased the Lansing Manufacturing Company.
The president of the 2006 Turin Winter Olympic Games has decided to resign saying he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
New York AG is investigating the timing of a sale by Thomas Marra; company reports higher 3Q. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc.
IBM #39;s Global Services division Thursday announced the formation of a management practice to help customers implement service-oriented architectures.
Alan Shearer last night demonstrated why Newcastle manager Graeme Souness is toying with the idea of trying to persuade his captain to postpone his retirement with the clinical 
One day after it appeared the New York Jets would get Sam Cowart back into the lineup for Sunday #39;s game at Buffalo, the outlook became less optimistic.
Altria Group Inc. is beginning to make the needed preparations to possibly split up into several parts in order to maximize shareholder value, chairman and chief executive Louis Camilleri said Thursday.
Viacom Inc. confirmed Thursday that it plans to bid for the part of MarketWatch that it doesn #39;t already own. Viacom, which holds a 22.
The movie industry announced today it will launch its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, following its 
Chris Stone, who was instrumental in Novell #39;s acquisition of SUSE Linux, has left for other pursuits, the company said Thursday.
Microsoft responded quickly to Apple #39;s recent European expansion for its iTunes service by launching its own online music service MSN Music in eight European countries.
November 5, 2004. Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has been suspended for seven months and fined 20,000 following an FA disciplinary hearing into his failed drugs test.
European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet warned on Thursday that persistent high oil prices could stoke inflation and undermine an already slow economic recovery in the eurozone.
By a 5-0 vote Thursday, Maines Gambling Control Board granted Penn National Gaming Inc. a conditional license to operate slot machines at Bangors harness racing track.
Microsoft and Intel have joined forces in the hope of advancing a strategy both companies have been plotting for some time, saying they will work together to promote cutting edge digital home entertainment options.
East Carolina quarterback James Pinkney and two other players are listed as questionable for Saturday #39;s game at Houston after they were injured in a single-car accident.
Viacom said today that it expects to make a bid for MarketWatch Inc., according to a US Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
BellSouth and SBC intend to combine YellowPages.com with their own online directory affiliates, RealPages.com and SmartPages.com, respectively.
Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, Cornell University astronomer Steve Squyres is glad he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home.
TONY EASTLEY: To Iraq now, where three British soldiers have been killed and a number of others injured in an ambush by insurgents.
The Murdoch family #39;s long-term control of its media empire is less certain this week after News Corporation #39;s largest investor moved to almost double his voting stake.
It was difficult for Tim Henman to be overly disappointed after losing his Paris Masters title yesterday. After all, he still has two major events to look forward to in the next few 
WHILE awaiting the result of the North East Assembly referendum, Newcastle United cast a marginal vote in favour of European football.
PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - The Philadelphia Eagles showed their confidence in Sheldon Brown on Thursday, signing the cornerback to a six-year contract extension.
United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan has condemned raids by government aircraft on rebel-held Ivory Coast as a  quot;major violation quot; of the ceasefire.
Halifax says price of average home fell 1.1 per cent last month. Bank not expected to act until next year. By Philip Thornton, Economics Correspondent.
Cazenove is planning to end 181 years of independence by announcing today it is creating a joint venture with the Wall Street investment bank JP Morgan Chase.
In a surprise move this week, the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) has launched a multi-pronged legal attack on movie downloaders.
A group of unknown hackers posted on message boards and security user groups claiming to sell Ciscos PIX Firewall software source code for sale.
A single gene could be responsible for determining how easily people become addicted to smoking, according to a report published today.
The president of the 2006 Winter Games in Turin is to offer his resignation because he no longer has the support of the Italian government.
Willie Randolph hung up the phone and gave his wife a big hug. After falling short nearly a dozen times, he finally was a major league manager.
A NATIONAL Guard F-16 fighter jet on a night training mission has turned its guns on an elementary school and strafed it with 25 rounds of ammunition.
BRUSSELS - European Union leaders got a wake up call this week as a high-level report warned the bloc must run just to stand still in global competitiveness rankings.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands Officials in the Netherlands say the killers of an outspoken filmmaker are also threatening a Dutch politician.
The unprecedented crisis over the European Commission moved decisively towards a conclusion last night when two would-be commissioners were dumped and a reshuffled team was announced.
Airbus landed another blow in its battle with rival aircraft maker Boeing with an order which could be worth up to \$6bn (more than 3bn).
com November 4, 2004, 6:00 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Several factors went into Omar Minaya #39;s decision to hire Willie Randolph as the new manager of the Mets. One of them involved Kaz Matsui.
The US military was investigating Thursday a National Guard F-16 fighter jet that fired 25 rounds through a New Jersey school. The rounds were fired on a nighttime training 
In the days when Britain was being forced to give up one colony after another, the phrase  quot;father of the nation quot; was much in vogue.
RALEIGH, NC State lawmakers have approved a 242 (m) million dollar incentives package to bring a Dell computer manufacturing plant to the Triad.
A supercomputer being built to analyze the US nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record -- the second in just over a month.
One of the hallmarks of Tom Brennan #39;s 19-year run as Vermont men #39;s basketball coach has been his approach to filling the point guard position.
ST. LOUIS -- According to an Associated Press report, the Cardinals have chosen to buy out Woody Williams #39; 2005 contract option.
US entrepreneurs participating in the Havana Trade Fair are planning to negotiate new sales of cattle and foodstuffs and hope to exceed the one billion dollars in total revenue they have 
Warning that Darfur is descending into anarchy, the top UN envoy to Sudan urged the Security Council Thursday to quickly deploy African troops to deter violence and speed up peace talks 
The chief executive of the Altria Group, Louis C. Camilleri, said yesterday that the company might split into two or three independent entities.
The Los Angeles area #39;s black community was the chief victim of a Ponzi scheme that took at least \$8 million from investors, the Securities 
com. Thome has known Charlie Manuel for his entire professional baseball life, which started shortly after he became a 13th-round draft pick by the Cleveland Indians in 1989.
 quot;Take Me Out, quot; which opens Wednesday at the Seattle Repertory Theatre, is about baseball. Playwright Richard Greenberg is a baseball fan.
Government planes in Ivory Coast conducted bombing raids against two rebel-held towns starting shortly after sunrise on Thursday, ending a tenuous yearlong cease 
Conservative predictions by the National Weather Service during Hurricane Isabel, communication breakdowns within the agency and confusing bulletins led DC area officials to underestimate the 
Taking a cue from the music industry, film studios and the Motion Picture Association of America said on Thursday that they were readying the first lawsuits against people 
: Suspected Muslim insurgents attacked an army unit protecting Buddhist monks at a monastery early Friday, killing one of the soldiers as sectarian violence continued in southern Thailand, police said.
Wall Street continued its post-election rally yesterday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
Companies caught up in New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer #39;s investigation into rigged bids and kickbacks in the insurance industry began firing and suspending 
The Wachovia Corporation agreed to pay a \$37 million civil fine Thursday to settle federal regulators #39; accusations that the company violated disclosure rules 
Hoping to head off the kind of rampant online piracy that has plagued the record industry, Hollywood #39;s major movie studios said yesterday that they would begin filing lawsuits 
Prosecutors suddenly dropped charges against two Montclair High School football players charged with raping a schoolmate because they concluded that the sex was not forced or violent but 
As NASA (news - web sites) #39;s Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one 
Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren was blown away by the Riverside club #39;s dominating performance Thursday evening against Lazio.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp. posted a higher profit Wednesday for its fiscal first quarter, driven by strong revenue gains in its broadcast and cable TV operations.
United Airlines, trying to restructure after nearly two years in bankruptcy protection, told its unions last night that it wanted to terminate its four pension plans and seek additional 
Charles Hayward, a former top executive with The Daily Racing Form and Little Brown Publishing, was named yesterday to the top management position at the troubled New York Racing Association.
World number seven Tim Henman is already focused on the Masters in Houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing his 2004 season on a high there.
Ed Wade squared his shoulders behind the faux-wood podium, fixed his eyes and almost defiantly spit out his announcement written on the folded piece of paper in his hand.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles signed starting corner Sheldon Brown to a six-year contract extension Thursday.
ROME - Foreign Minister Franco Frattini was today named Italy #39;s next European commissioner following the withdrawal at the weekend of the initial candidate, Rocco Buttiglione.
The Food and Drug Administration said yesterday it is setting up a new system for identifying potentially dangerous and mislabeled dietary supplements, and it promised to aggressively go after 
Phillies first baseman Jim Thome was the recipient of the 2004 Players Choice Marvin Miller Man of the Year Award on Thursday. The Man of the Year award, named in honor 
BEIJING: China can expect to see the first commercial space flights in 20 years, the head of the country #39;s space program was quoted as saying by state media.
The NBA returned to Charlotte after a two-year absence, but the Bobcats could not start in style, losing 103-96 to the Washington Wizards.
Government planes in Ivory Coast bombed two rebel-held towns yesterday, ending a tenuous yearlong cease-fire and indicating a possible resumption of civil war.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority(MTA), the agency responsible for public transit in Greater New York area, is lowering its projected fare increases and will not lay off employees, officials said Thursday.
BAGHDAD - Three British soldiers were killed in a suicide car bombing and mortar attack in Iraq Thursday, after taking up duties in a dangerous area south of Baghdad.
The casualties of Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of bid-rigging and restraint of trade in the insurance industry are beginning to pile up.
