LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - Taking a cue from the recording industry, Hollywood film studios said Thursday they would start suing those who pirate their movies online.
Nov. 4 (BCN) - San Francisco Giants player Barry Bonds has been voted player of the year by his peers in Major League Baseball, the Giants announced today.
All the hype and speculation came to an end Thursday when Steve Spurrier, once considered the leading man for the UF job, removed his name from the pool of candidates.
A widely prescribed arthritis drug withdrawn on safety grounds in September should have been taken off the market several years earlier.
Ubisoft #39;s first-person shooter is arriving on Microsoft #39;s console November 16, with the PlayStation 2 shipping as previously scheduled.
Mike Stoops knows all about winning. He was one of the architects of a defense that helped Oklahoma to the 2000 national championship.
Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.
NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said Thursday.
An international team of astronomers believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
Test debutant Nathan Hauritz took the key wicket of Sachin Tendulkar to give Australia a slight advantage on day three of the fourth and final Test against India in Mumbai.
shakes hands with Hungarian defence minister after a military parade in Budapest, Wednesday. The prime minister said that Hungary would withdraw its 300 troops from Iraq by March 31 next year.
The Texas A amp;M University System named Robert D. McTeer, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, as its new chancellor on Thursday.
IBM #39;S Blue Gene supercomputer, which is still being installed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, has set an unofficial performance record.
Vijay Singh of Fiji hits from the tee on the seventh hole during first-round play at the Tour Championship on Thursday in Atlanta.
Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett watched the season #39;s first five games from the sideline with a knee injury. Anxiety over recovering from injury eventually led to concern 
Charlie Manuel might turn out to be the best manager ever. He might lead the Phillies to the World Series and bring peace, love and understanding into a tense clubhouse.
A suicide bomber killed three British troops and wounded eight others at a British checkpoint in central Iraq, Britain #39;s armed forces minister Adam Ingram told reporters on Thursday.
A roadside bomb killed a US soldier and wounded another when it struck their vehicle near the Iraqi town of Balad, the US military today said.
Juan Diaz carried his impressive boxing show on the road Thursday night. In the first defense of his World Boxing Association lightweight title, Diaz not only was successful 
Hollywood studios said yesterday they will file lawsuits this month against hundreds of people who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
ITHACA -- Getting to drive two rovers on Mars all the way from Ithaca is a dream come true for Cornell University #39;s Steven Squyres.
ACE Ltd. yesterday became the latest insurance company to unveil changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York #39;s attorney general.
MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Despite buoyant advertising conditions benefiting its rivals, Australian television broadcaster Seven Network Ltd.
Scientists and space enthusiasts are excited about pictures of Saturn #39;s moon Titan that are now being sent to earth by the Cassini orbiter.
Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren believes his side last night put themselves on the European map with a perfect performance which even caught him by surprise.
A year ago baseball was toying with the ill-conceived idea of expanding the playoffs by adding two wild-card teams - one from each league.
President Vladimir Putin makes a speech as he hosts Russia #39;s Olympic athletes at a Kremlin banquet in Moscow, Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004.
The US military blocked roads round Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja on Friday after mounting air strikes overnight that local hospital sources said killed three people.
Wall Street bounded higher for the second straight day yesterday as investors reveled in sharply falling oil prices and the probusiness agenda of the second Bush administration.
Robert McTeer #39;s tenure as president of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank was marked by his endless advocacy for free trade and his belief that rising productivity could trump inflation.
SHARES in TV station the Seven Network Ltd dived more than 8 per cent this morning after it downgraded its earnings forecasts for the half and full year because of disappointing ratings.
Students who download and exchange movies illegally over the Internet may soon face lawsuits and subpoenas similar to those faced by music filesharers.
November 04, 2004 - We sometimes hear of big-name games being released simultaneously across the globe. Typically this means the game will be released on the same day in each supported territory, although 
typically e-mailed as enticements to bogus sites that endanger users #39; systems and expose their personal information -- is limited in scope 
It may not be for the Pac-10 championship, but don #39;t tell the UA football team that its matchup with Washington doesn #39;t matter.
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is not brain dead but is critically ill in a coma, between life and death, Palestinian envoy to Paris Leila Shahid said on Friday.
Qwest posted a third-quarter loss of \$569 million after setting aside money to settle lawsuits stemming from a three-year accounting fraud.
FEAR of public blame is making company boards more cautious and it could cost them profits, veteran business figure John Ralph warned today.
Top seed American Andy Roddick and defending champion Tim Henman both crashed out of the Paris Masters in the third round on Thursday.
Basketball returned to Charlotte as the Bobcats opened their first season Thursday night with a 103-96 loss to the Wizards. Replacing the Hornets after they moved to New Orleans 
The Nuggets and the Timberwolves, who exchanged words and cheap shots in a playoff series in April, met again Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.
PAULA RADCLIFFE insisted last night that her Olympic disaster will not  quot;ruin my life quot; as she bids to rebuild her career.
Pay and benefits are included in the proposal to pare another \$2 billion in annual costs. United Airlines, still trying after two years to emerge from bankruptcy, officially proposed terminating its employee 
Warning that film piracy represents the greatest economic threat to the movie industry in its 100 year-plus history, the Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday that it plans 
Scientists have said for decades that nicotine is a major addictive component in cigarettes. But exactly how chemical dependency results from nicotine #39;s interaction 
The Munch Museum in Oslo could be shut until next summer while it introduces drastic security measures after the theft of its most famous painting.
Adrian Mutu has vowed to rebuild his career after being sacked by Chelsea Football Club and banned for seven months. Mutu received the worldwide ban from football after failing a routine drugs test.
With a package of academic reforms in place, the NCAA #39;s next crusade will address what its president calls a dangerous drift toward professionalism and sports entertainment.
Paula Radcliffe holds the world record for both the marathon and the 10K. She won the world championships half-marathon three times in the last five years.
A partially assembled prototype of a new IBM supercomputer set a record of 70.72 trillion transactions per second earlier this week.
Tim Henman is already looking forward to the Masters event in Houston and believes he has a good chance of finishing the tennis season on a high.
The plan seemed simple Thursday for the Denver Nuggets in their home opener: make someone other than Kevin Garnett beat them. It worked until the fourth quarter.
The Bush rally roared into a second day yesterday, with a big assist from oil that pushed blue-chips to their biggest gain in 13 months.
As many as three European banks may have submitted bids to purchase National Australia Bank #39;s two units in Ireland, newspapers reported Friday.
A North Carolina man and his sister became the first two people convicted of a felony for sending fraudulent unsolicited commercial e-mail.
The server and software company had planned to release its new version of the Unix operating system by the end of the year -- source code and all.
Microsoft hopes to more than double its presence in the European online music market by launching its MSN Music Service in seven more countries, the Financial Times reported.
Darren Clarke had his first tournament victory of 2004 in his sights today as he topped the leaderboard after the opening round of the \$6million Tour Championship in Atlanta.
Millionaire basketball players want to bounce a Harlem community center where thousands of kids come for after-school help every year, a group charged yesterday.
LONDON -- Boudewijn Zenden scored twice as European rookie Middlesbrough beat Lazio 2-0 in the group stage of the UEFA Cup yesterday.
Crystal Palace defender Fitz Hall is doubtful with a knee problem, but boss Iain Dowie will leave it until the last minute before making a decision.
Several leading Dutch politicians have been threatened with death since the killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam, media reported on Friday.
Investors who see company buybacks of stock as only good news may be overlooking the damage that certain share repurchases can do to companies #39; financial health.
Between 1997 and 2002, the number of sport utility vehicles in Oregon increased 36 percent, according to data released by the US Census Bureau.
AP - One year after scoring an NFL-record 27 touchdowns, Priest Holmes sometimes has trouble getting out of bed the morning after a game.
Reuters - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet\access available across the Taiwan capital by the end of 2005,\joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.
AP - Jason Schmidt figures he probably lost his chance at the NL Cy Young Award when he strained his groin covering first base back in August.
AP - Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was suspended for seven months and fined about  #36;35,000 by the English Football Association on Thursday after testing positive for cocaine.
AP - Southern Mississippi hasn't lost a Conference USA game in nearly two years, but some Golden Eagles players aren't all that impressed.
TechWeb - The software maker will provide a summary of planned security bulletins three days in advance.
TheDeal.com - The performance fibers business makes high-strength polyester fibers at plants in North Carolina and France.
AP - Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, was diagnosed with breast cancer the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry conceded the presidential race.
Reuters - U.S. researchers said on Thursday\they had found sperm nursery cells in mice, grown them in lab\dishes and used them to father baby mice.
Reuters - An international team of astronomers\believe they have solved a mystery that has been perplexing\scientists for 100 years -- the origin of cosmic rays.
Reuters - When it comes to cosmetics, the ancient\Romans knew what they were doing.
Reuters - Global warming and disappearing sea ice\in the Southern Ocean are causing food shortages that could\threaten Antarctic whales, seals and penguins, scientists said\Wednesday.
AP - As NASA's Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one of the vehicles has actually gained power recently.
The Browns pulled the plug on Davis 3 years into his ill-fated tenure as coach and general manager, leaving the franchise searching for answers about its direction.
AP - Haute cuisine is going green in a program that recycles restaurant and household food scraps into high-grade compost for Northern California farms and vineyards.
AP - Dragging radar equipment behind a farm tractor, scientists Thursday scanned an old rail yard for buried artifacts from Savannah's bloody Revolutionary War battle in 1779.
The presidential inauguration is typically the most lucrative single week for the city's hospitality industry in any four-year span.
Wall Street continued its post-election rally Thursday as oil prices dropped by more than \$2 a barrel and President Bush outlined plans for a second term.
AP - A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in ocean waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
Willie Randolph walked into Shea Stadium on Thursday and was introduced as the first African-American manager of a major league team in New York.
COOLUM, Australia - Australian Peter Lonard won the Australian PGA Championship by two strokes for his third tournament title in as many weeks on Sunday.
The Nets announced that Coach Lawrence Frank had signed a long-term contract extension that one league official said was guaranteed for three years.
 A Howard County judge yesterday rejected an effort to delay Rouse Co. shareholders from voting on whether the company should sell itself to a Chicago mall developer.
Developers announced plans Thursday for a large hotel and conference center to be built on an environmentally sensitive bluff overlooking the Potomac.
AP - Memphis didn't have a day of excessive air pollution during the seven-month ozone season for the first time in seven years.
Shooting a three-under-par 67 in windy conditions, Jay Haas, who will turn 51 next month, was locked in a first-place tie at the Tour Championship .
Oil giants BP and Sinopec are to open 500 petrol stations in Zhejiang, east China, as part of a joint venture.
AP - A research team has been awarded a  #36;3.5 million federal grant to use a molecular detective technique to study and potentially improve the military's anthrax vaccine.
In the final days of Ramadan, a Muslim reporter grapples with the double standard for female pilgrims.
AP - Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, condemned the U.S. led invasion of Iraq as a "war crime" and said Tuesday it was based on lies.
The group holding three foreign aid workers in Afghanistan says it will decide Friday whether to kill them.
MCI, which as Worldcom became the world's largest corporate bankruptcy, sees losses balloon to \$3.4bn thanks to a price war.
Shares in India's largest power producer, National Thermal Power Corp, rise 13 on their stock market debut.
European aerospace group EADS reports higher-than-expected profits, boosted by sales in its Airbus plane-making subsidiary.
Gordon Brown may miss his golden rule on public borrowing because of a shortfall in corporate tax revenues, a new study says.
Iraqi interim leader Iyad Allawi is to meet EU leaders, but France's president says he is too busy to attend.
UK house prices fell by 1.1 in October, confirming a softening of the housing market, the UK's biggest mortgage lender says.
Corey Dillon , who missed last Sunday's game against Pittsburgh with a thigh injury, was held out of practice again yesterday.
A security loophole at internet bank Cahoot allowed customers to view other people's accounts, a BBC investigation reveals.
\The only person to begin serving his jail sentence for the 1999 violence in East Timor is cleared on appeal.
Britons are signing up for broadband net connections in greater numbers than ever, figures by BT show.
Nigeria's main trade union says it will hold a second general strike which could target oil production.
Latvian and NHL hockey players and fans were saddened yesterday after national star Sergei Zholtok died while playing in Belarus.
AP - Archaeologists have begun excavating ancient skeletal remains believed to be those of five people, probably Anasazis.
Four former Merrill Lynch employees and an ex-Enron executive are found guilty of artificially inflating the energy firm's profits.
AP - Grizzly and black bears killed a majority of elk calves in northern Yellowstone National Park for the second year in a row, preliminary study results show.
The UN says government air strikes on rebel-held territory in northern Ivory Coast is a "major violation" of a truce.
China protests against a US investigation that could lead a to trade war over China's cotton trouser trade.
The German government announces a series of measures to rein in its public deficit, including proposing scrapping one public holiday.
Jan. 14: NU offers Brown a contract extension through 2009 and a raise after Holy Cross offers him its head coaching position.
A major Indian state-owned oil company signs up to a joint venture to  develop a gas field and liquefaction plant in Iran.
AP - Did global warming spur severe drought in the Western United States? A new study co-authored by a tree-ring researcher at the University of Arizona shows a possible connection.
With most Division 2 teams preparing for their final regular-season games, the NCAA playoff picture is beginning to take shape.
Japan's prisons are at their most crowded in years, a result of rising crime and longer sentences.
The Serious Fraud Office investigates allegations of false accounting in connection with contracts between the Saudi Arabian government and three firms, including BAE Systems.
Eric Shelton scored his fourth touchdown with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville held off Memphis, 56-49, last night.
The Indian government increases retail prices of petrol, diesel and cooking gas to bring them in line with recent global rises.
AP - A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday.
Sasa Ilic hits a hat-trick for Partizan Belgrade in a 4-0 win over Egaleo, plus Thursday's other matches.
Bangladesh's exports have risen by more than a quarter, boosted by clothing sales, a government report says.
AP - Scientists say the Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan has some familiar features, but that it still remains one of the strangest worlds.
The three Black Watch soldiers killed in a suicide bomb attack in central Iraq are named.
Citizens Financial Group, New England's second-largest bank, plans to launch today an aggressive effort to encourage customers to switch banks.
\An arthritis drug should have been taken off the market years before it was finally withdrawn, say researchers.
A volcanic eruption in Iceland has set off tremors and prompted officials to warn pilots to avoid flying through gasses emitted by the blast.
The productivity of America's workers grew at a 1.9 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported yesterday.
\The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an IBM prototype Blue Gene machine.
Sharmba Mitchell knew he shouldn't have been going into a boxing ring two years ago. He should have been going into an operating room.
Shaquille O'Neal made sure the arena was filled. Dwyane Wade took care of sending the record crowd home happy.
United Airlines told its unions that it wanted to terminate its four pension plans and seek additional wage and benefit concessions.
Ace Ltd., a Bermuda insurer that is a subject of the New York attorney general's investigation into the insurance industry, dismissed two executives.
Former Gators and Redskins coach Steve Spurrier removed his name from consideration Thursday to replace Ron Zook at Florida.
ServiceMaster profitably bundles services and pays a healthy 3.5 dividend.
Vernon Davis has used his size and athleticism to develop into an explosive downfield target at the tight end position for the Terrapins.
Conflicting reports that the Palestinian leader was fighting for his life touched off a flurry of political activity in Jerusalem and Ramallah.
Eric Shelton scores his fourth touchdown from one yard out with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville holds off Memphis, 56-49, Thursday night.
Maryland opens its season against Division II Bryant University, instead of a club team, after a new NCAA rule prohibiting those exhibitions.
George Washington and Saint Joseph's were picked to win their respective Atlantic 10 divisions in a poll of men's basketball coaches and media.
The company says its revenue is stabilizing. If so, a value stock is in the making.
Although Republicans made significant gains on Election Day, their majority of 55 senators still falls five votes short of the 60 needed to break a Democratic filibuster.
For nearly 20 years, the women of Benin City, Nigeria, have been going to Italy to work in the sex trade.
Third baseman Tony Batista officially files for free agency Thursday, becoming the most significant member of the new Washington franchise to do so.
The luxury hotel manager doubles earnings for the second straight quarter.
Roger Clemens tells reporters he is very close to retirement but has yet to make a decision on whether he will play next season.
Doctors and injured troops traumatized by suicide bombing prepare for possible battle in Fallujah, which insurgents have controlled for six months.
An Australian security expert suggests Americans should focus on training national forces and meeting such basic needs of citizens as food and jobs in Iraq.
There are some interesting, and telling, differences between the CNN translation of Osama bin Laden's speech, and Aljazeera's.
Brazil will send additional peacekeepers to help restore order in Haiti and boost the 4,000- force to 5,500, a top government official said at a summit of Latin American leaders.
Darfur's Janjaweed militia aren't the only ones sowing chaos and death. Meet the two rebel factions threatening yet another civil war
With its native tongue losing to English as the global lingua franca, France is fighting back
Betting on strong demand for high-speed internet access in the next few years, Brazilian phone companies are rushing to set up for a broadband boom.
PC makers targeted as list of allegedly infringed patents grows
XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter loss narrowed due to a sharp revenue increase from the company's growing subscriber ranks.
Cazenove, one of Britain's last independent investment banks, joins forces with US banking giant JP Morgan.
Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro was online to discuss The Washington Post's annual cell phone guide.
The US is poised to push Japan off the top of the supercomputing charts with an IBM prototype machine.
International action on climate change will eventually come, a leading UK environmental thinker says.
com staff writers. The 2004 World Series by Nissan champion stunned the competition and the crowd at the Stade de France in Paris to walk away with the Race of Champions trophy.
The team behind the Beagle 2 mission has unveiled its design for a successor to the British Mars lander.
The US may change its stance on global warming despite George Bush's re-election, says UK minister.
Cyprus begins aerial spraying to eradicate swarms of crop-destroying locusts that have arrived from Africa.
A 1,800-year-old sealed pot of ointment found in London last year was most probably a cosmetic foundation.
The shrimp-like krill that feed so many Antarctic species, such as whales and penguins, is in big decline, say researchers.
Astronomers claim to have found the first firm evidence that cosmic rays can come from stars that have exploded, or supernova remnants.
\Gulf war syndrome may have been caused by exposure to the nerve gas sarin, according to reports.
\China's second manned space flight  will carry two astronauts into space and will orbit the Earth for five days.
The US space agency says it hopes shuttle flights, suspended since the Columbia disaster, can begin next May.
Flies are the latest animals to be cloned, the journal Genetics reports.
Tackling climate change will cost far less than the pessimists suggest, a British scientist says.
French environmentalists condemn hunters who shot one of the last female brown bears in the Pyrenees.
The Arctic is undergoing rapid and possibly irreversible climate change, says a major report.
In the Potomac River scientists and anglers have uncovered male smallmouth bass growing eggs. The reason is a mystery, but clues point to estrogen-enhanced sewage.
Water striders do what few other animals can: They walk on water. How the freshwater insects pull it off has baffled scientists #151;until now.
Earthbound adventurers outfitted with special kites and harnesses are using wind power to reach some of the most remote spots on the planet.
Canadian officials are reporting that their government's immigration Web site has been swamped with traffic since George W. Bush gave his acceptance speech on Wednesday. Missing Links
The housing market will stagnate rather than slump, economists insisted after figures from the Halifax revealed a 1.1 per cent drop in prices last month.
Cazenove, the Queen #39;s broker, today effectively called time on 181 years of independence when it announced a joint venture with the US banking giant JP Morgan.
Singapore shares ended slightly higher Friday in a session dominated by Singapore Telecommunications Inc., which fell sharply following news of a placement of its shares by parent Temasek Holdings.
Reenactors following in the footsteps of the Lewis and Clark expedition are encountering weather and experiences that are making the modern journey an adventure in its own right.
Tech industry workers find that the election's outcome is affecting workplace morale, concentration.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Company president holds morale meeting
AppleStore buyers' ratings scheme limited to non-Apple products
&lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; IBM's Rebecca George fights her corner
Deep beneath the Antarctic ice sheets are at least 145 lakes that may be teeming with microscopic organisms similar to those that could be thriving beneath the ice on Jupiter's moon Europa.
Tim Farrelly held a meeting for his San Francisco staffing company Wednesday to raise morale after John Kerry lost the presidential election.
Looking to give customers a reason to upgrade to Office 12, Microsoft will further tighten ties between its desktop and server software.
Microsoft has promised to give advance notice of its monthly security updates to customers to help them prepare to install related software patches.
Blizzard has finally confirmed a launch date for its long-awaited massively multiplayer title World Of Warcraft, with North America, Australia and New Zealand all getting the game on November 23rd.
Microsoft has won the browser wars, but a battle is raging for the runner-up spot and one of the contenders has recently been refreshed.
Oslo #39;s Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
Nokia unveiled three new megapixel handsets this week in a further move towards its long-term bid to take a 40 share of the market.
Firm's new consulting service supports services-oriented architecture, an emerging software-development model.
Atlanta - The world #39;s top three golfers were all within striking distance of the leaders after the first round of the Tour Championship in Atlanta on Friday.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Eric Shelton scored his fourth touchdown with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville held off Memphis 56-49 on Thursday night.
When tech companies want to do the right thing, Ernst Ligteringen is the man they increasingly turn to for advice.
As Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat clung to life Thursday, many in the West began to hope -- not for his death, but for the possibility that peace might follow it.
A security loophole at internet bank Cahoot allowed customers to view other people's accounts.
Sun will release the source code of its operating system, but those eager for details may have to wait until early 2005.\
With its open-source model, the company has the potential to shake up the industry, one analyst says.
Some gadget lovers might be disappointed this Christmas as experts predict a shortage of iPod minis.
Sony PlayStation 2's slimmer shape has proved popular with UK gamers, with 50,000 sold in its first week on sale.
Auditor KPMG says it isn't ready. Struggling IT services giant is also probing its bonus plan.
A luxury cruise ship in the Caribbean is the unlikely setting for tests of biometric ID cards for seafarers.
A US brother and sister become the first people criminally convicted of sending spam e-mail.
Plus: Time Warner net income slips...Cell phone unit shores up Verizon...Gateway trims loss in third quarter...EDS delays earnings.
Job postings reveal company's increasing Linux involvement, even if Photoshop won't run on open source anytime soon.
Queen are tackling piracy by offering fans the chance to legally download pirate recordings.
The US airline attendant suspended over postings on her blog, or online diary, has been fired by her employers.
A dossier purportedly showing the sale of illegal firearms on eBay is to be handed to the home secretary.
Inuit living in Canada can finally have their say on the web as their native tongue is offered online.
Venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable Linux supercomputing concept--but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
US election websites saw a late surge in traffic as polling stations prepared to open, report traffic monitoring firms.
Seven Asian mobile phone firms are joining together to form an alliance that will invest \$30m to \$40m in new technologies.
Strong sales of new mobile phone models boosts profits at Carphone Warehouse but the retailer's shares fall on concerns at a decline in profits from pre-paid phones.
Shahin Khan has joined start-up Azul Systems, which builds computing hardware to accelerate the execution of Java software.
People want to listen to music while they are on the move, rather than watch video, research suggests.
Semiconductor sales will reach \$214 billion this year, a new record high. But next year will be about the same.
A new group of processors could put the chipmaker inside your set-top box.
The Renault F1 Teams chassis Technical Director reviews a hard-fought season, which saw the team meet its objectives and prepare for the future.
The newest release in the GTA franchise, San Andreas, could be the best yet,
Fifteen percent, then 15.5 percent, and now 15.8 percent. AMD is gaining back lost ground, Mercury Research says.
David Edmondson, president and COO of the retailer, has been elected to the board of the chipmaker.
Program targets vulnerability, prompting security firm Secunia to issue "extremely critical" rating.
The software giant also tells European customers that it is making progress with efforts to limit security attacks against its products.
In 1988, a student unleashed a self-replicating worm that halted thousands of computers--and lit a fire under online security.
Trend Micro report validates concern in security industry that malicious hackers are more interested in money than fame.
Costs tied to the country's controversial biometric ID card plan will cause the price of new passports to soar.
Urban warfare drills are taking place in and around Falluja, Iraq, where the Marines expect to lead an all-out attack soon.
The Source Code Club hackers are back, selling what they claim are files of Cisco firewall software.
Although Americans vacationing in Europe may be howling over higher prices in hotels and restaurants, the adverse impact of the rapidly declining US dollar has fallen mainly on foreigners, at least so far.
Attacks via an Internet Explorer flaw are more common than any other hacking technique, a security firm has found.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A funny thing happened on the way  to the consumer electronics store.
Microsoft rejects claims from security researchers that a spoofing technique discovered on Internet Explorer is a vulnerability.
The local phone giant is ready to enter new territories with business-class voice and data services.
A small company claims that Cisco stole its intelligent routing technology, and the company's lawyer is looking for a big pay-out.\
Former Inktomi chief David Peterschmidt replaces Don Listwin, who will continue to be vice chairman.
Companies are buying YellowPages.com and will expand it into a nationwide online business directory.
Iranian and European officials meet in Paris in a bid to finalise a compromise on Iran's nuclear programme.
New communications technology could spawn future products. Could your purse tell you to bring an umbrella?
Two Palestinian children are killed in disputed circumstances in an explosion in southern Gaza.
European shares opened higher on Friday, boosted by a strong post-election rally on Wall Street overnight and a fall in oil prices to a five-week low.
Next year, wireless operators will debut ways to share a favorite ring tone. But don't expect a Napster free-for-all.
Company's looking at ways to offer wireless phone service, executives say. The move is targeted at the Baby Bells.
The service lets users of the Audiovox SMT5600 smart phone download an unlimited number of songs for \$14.95 monthly.
November 5, 2004 -- A Harlem community group says the National Basketball Players Association has unleashed a full-court press to try to bounce them out of their offices.
Intermec Technologies will not seek payments for patents in the radio tracking technology for 60 days. Why?
Aussies Mark Hensby and Stuart Appleby are just two shots off the lead after the first round of the elite 30-man Tour Championship in Atlanta.
Step outside the University of Alabama football complex this week and it wasn #39;t hard to find distractions. The Mike Shula vs. Sylvester Croom debate.
How about a \$269 server? PC maker turns on rebates, special offers to breathe life into its direct-sales efforts.
Apple will brook no criticism of its offerings on its new product review page--but praise and pan other makers' stuff all you like.
With Apple planning to offer similar features in its next version of OS X, programmer Arlo Rose moves Konfabulator to Windows.
Among the devices used was a futuristic plasma monitor designed by three technology companies specifically for CBS.
Handheld maker looks beyond Palm OS with quiet tests of other operating systems, News.com has learned.
AT #38;T subscribers using the SMT5600 can now get songs downloaded to their handsets via the Napster to Go service.
Plan to repurchase \$315 million in shares owned by Time Warner marks end of deal dreamed up at height of Internet appliance vogue.
Microsoft is looking into reports this week of a serious buffer overflow vulnerability in its Internet Explorer Web browser, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw.
An Indian company claims its software automatically converts legacy applications written in old languages such as Cobol and Pascal to modern languages such as C and Java.
A continuing review of its troubled Navy/Marine Corps Intranet contract forced embattled services provider EDS to again delay its third-quarter financial report.
New York Post - THINK of Major League    Baseball as the Titanic    after it rammed into the    tip of the iceberg.
Microsoft Corp. will give customers advance notice of its monthly security updates in an effort to help them prepare to install related software patches, the company announced Thursday.
Dangerous new ways to try to steal your money are in progress.
Yet another security flaw reported for popular Web browser.
Software giant will publish advance notice of security bulletins.
Companies are teaming up to bring their technology to your living room.
Company is readying security software or cell phones and handheld devices.
Challenge/response e-mails accidentally marked as spam by AOL and EarthLink.
Some voters say machines indicated they had voted for a different candidate.
Microsoft's browser continues to lose market share as more users switch to Mozilla.
Some anti-spyware companies use confusing ads, and our tests show their \$20-\$60 products are less effective than free competitors.
Windows XP Media Center 2005 connects smoothly with video and audio equipment.
Should prices for blank media and recording products include a royalty fee to copyright holders for presumed losses to piracy?
Network would beam music and video to 3G handsets.
NEC's LT265 can connect to an 802.11g wireless network, but getting it set up can be tricky.
CIO Magazine says poll shows IT budgets are expected to grow over the next year.
Reuters - Forget the hi-tech predictions\-- it will be years, if ever, before electors can use the\Internet to vote, many policymakers believe.
Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan's recap of top search engine stories from October 2004.
AFP - German maker of car parts and electrical household goods Robert Bosch said it will hire 600 software professionals by next year at its Indian software and engineering centre.
Last week, Search Engine Strategies made its debut in Sweden, drawing attendees from all over Scandinavia, Europe and even Africa and India.
The Associated Press
Companies are struggling to cope with tighter corporate governance regimes, which might even work against the goal of achieving improved IT security they are partly designed to promote.
This article shows how to improve SSH security using public key authentication instead of, or in addition to, password authentication.
The cost of providing security training to your staff may be high, but what is the cost of not providing any training at all?
Recent "phishing" episodes are still often overlooked by tech-savvy users, but a lesson in history shows how entire nations have been fooled.
Why look at pictures when you can have the real thing? All it takes is a telephone -- and the ability to give good voice. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
UniLect gives bogus information to North Carolina counties about the capacity of the company's electronic voting machines, and some voters' picks go ignored as a result.
The movie industry plans to sue people who share movies online. Starting Nov. 16, people who trade copyright films online could be sued for thousands of dollars. By Katie Dean.
Researchers said it may be possible to stretch the supply of flu vaccine by giving some people reduced doses that are injected into the skin instead of a muscle.
Scientists have succeeded in growing outside the body the special stem cells that direct the remarkably prolific process of sperm production.
With the evidence of the northern snakehead fish's spawning, hope is fading along the Potomac River that the aggressive, toothy Asian invader can be stopped.
Due to a drought in Utah, Glen Canyon is on its way back  viewable in much of its former glory.
The new Palm Tungsten T5 takes a lot of steps backward, but offers one huge leap forward.
The Viper G.P.S. Tracking System can be reached by the Internet or a cellphone.
Hollywood's major movie studios said that they would begin filing lawsuits against people who make copyrighted films available for downloading over the Internet.
As video games take on an ever slicker, more cinematic feel, developers are increasingly turning to cartoon actors, movie-trailer announcers and even film stars to read the lines.
For regular travelers with eager shutter fingers, storage gadgets can be more economical than additional memory cards.
Airlines at O #39;Hare Airport in September ranked fourth in on-time arrivals and 10th in on-time departures nationwide, according to federal figures released Thursday.
Linux Networx has developed a clustered storage appliance which is able to pool capacity from separate storage devices into a single high-capacity resource.
Bosnian Prime Minister Adnan Terzic has announced that he and the Bosnian government will resign. Terzic made the statement to Bosnia private television, BN TV.
AFP - Seven people close to Islamic groups in the Netherlands are to be charged with terrorist-related activities over the murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh, the Amsterdam public prosecutor revealed.
House prices in East Anglia will buck the national trend by holding firm or even continuing to grow, says a building society chief.
JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. and Cazenove Group PLC said Friday they were launching a joint venture to combine their investment banking services for British customers.
Cool autumn weather and apparent pent-up demand for clothing drove strong sales in October at Gap, Neiman Marcus and other national retailers, according to company reports issued Thursday.
A rift appeared within Canada #39;s music industry yesterday as prominent artists called on the CRTC to embrace satellite radio and the industry warned of lost revenue and job losses.
Tribune Co. said yesterday it has been sued by shareholders who are upset by the circulation scandals at Newsday and the Spanish-language paper Hoy.
The chief UN nuclear arms inspector sharply criticized the Bush administration Thursday, saying the American invasion and occupation of Iraq had damaged the credibility of the United States.
A senior US commander says marines are making final preparations for an imminent offensive against Iraq #39;s rebel bastion of Fallujah and are awaiting orders to strike.
Incoming European Commission head Jose Manuel Barroso acted Friday to end an unprecedented EU stalemate, by arranging fast-track confirmation hearings for his re-arranged Brussels executive team.
President Hamid Karzai promised Thursday to assemble a representative government, but said he did not feel bound to offer top Cabinet positions to his defeated rivals.
Afghan militants have hinted they might release a Filipino hostage, one of three UN workers kidnapped last week, as his country has no troops in Afghanistan.
A year on, and the company's \$1 million tip-off program has nabbed just one virus writer. Is it a bust?\
Reports say Egypt is to free an Arab-Israeli man jailed on spying charges in return for six students held by Israel.
Abimael Guzman, ex-leader of Peru's Shining Path rebels, faces retrial in a civilian court 12 years after his capture.
India bowl out Australia for 93 to win the fourth Test by 13 runs, but the tourists take the series 2-1.
Profits triple at McDonald's Japan after the fast-food chain starts selling larger burgers.  
A UN report urges better protection for millions of internally displaced people - refugees in all but name. 
A \$100 million supercomputer being built to analyze the nation's nuclear stockpile has again set an unofficial performance record - the second in just over a month.
European stock markets got off to a flying start this morning as investors cheered a plunge in crude oil prices and fresh post-election gains on Wall Street.
Russias signing of the Kyoto Protocol, bringing the global climate change agreement into force, was today hailed as a real step forward by Prime Minister Tony Blair.
TROOPS killed a member of the Abu Sayyaf Muslim kidnap gang and captured four others in a raid in this southern Philippine city, officials said today.
Itsa good time to sell champagne and a bad time to sell soda pop. Luxury retailers had strong sales in October while discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
Denver #39;s Earl Boykins scored with six seconds left in overtime and the Nuggets beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 94-92 Thursday.
BRUSSELS : European leaders were urged to forget their past divisions over Iraq as they met the country #39;s interim leader on the second day of a summit in Brussels.
AP - A brother and sister who sent junk e-mail to millions of America Online customers were convicted Wednesday in the nation's first felony prosecution of Internet spam distributors.
The US military closes all roads into the Iraqi city of Falluja, amid speculation a major assault is imminent.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will hold national elections on  Jan. 27, Vice President Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Friday.
Russia's President Putin signs the Kyoto protocol on climate change - enabling it to  come into force next year.
Novell is mum on the exit of Chris Stone, a key leader in the company's transformation to Linux vendor.
Microsoft's music download service launches in eight new countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple's market leading iTunes.
Nokia Corp., the world's largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
Microsoft #39;s has launched its MSN music download service in eight more European countries as the software giant bids to takes on Apple #39;s market leading iTunes.
Martian rovers Spirit and Opportunity are going strong 10 months after they began their geological study of the red planet, mission scientists said Thursday.
This recent milestone shows the current state of an ongoing, multi-year project that has been (and continues to be) a series of opportunities and challenges.
Oslo #39;s Munch Museum could remain closed until June 2005 while officials upgrade its security system following a brazen daylight robbery in August of two Edvard Munch masterpieces.
A year ago, the Advanta Championships returned to The Pavilion after a two-year absence, but the tournament suffered from injury withdrawls and a lack of star power.
AP - Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Deshea Townsend knows how lonely it can feel when lined up in man-to-man coverage across from a receiver such as the Eagles' Terrell Owens.
: Two Palestinian boys, ages 7 and 8, were killed in an explosion in the Gaza Strip today. The Israeli military said the boys were killed by a stray mortar round fired by Palestinians.
At least 10 miners were killed and six trapped below ground when leaking gas exploded in a northern China coal mine, the government said on Friday.
AP - Hollywood studios said Thursday they will file hundreds of lawsuits later this month against individuals who swap pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
AFP - Britain's industrial sector appears to have been a bigger drag on overall economic growth in the third quarter than was first assumed.
WYOMISSING, PA-Penn National Gaming entered into a merger agreement to acquire Alton, IL-based Argosy Gaming Co. for approximately \$2.
OTTAWA - Despite gains of about 34,000 jobs last month, the unemployment rate remained steady in October at 7.1 per cent, Statistics Canada said Friday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed the Kyoto protocol on climate change - clearing the way for the treaty to come into force next year.
Two Palestinian children were killed Friday in the explosion of an apparent roadside bomb near Khan Younis in Gaza, reports said. But Palestinian sources said the children, an 8 
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; Inability to follow a story by reason of anger, part 73
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Courting controversy with every word
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; NO2ID restock coincides with e-Petition
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 38&lt;/strong&gt; Happy thoughts in the comms room
The first employment survey released after the election said U.S. businesses added 337,000 jobs -- almost twice as many as expected -- last month.
Hosted CRM service provider Salesforce.com took another step forward last week in its strategy to build an online ecosystem of vendors that offer software as a service.
Reuters - European shares strongly extended gains\on Friday after data showed job creation in the U.S. economy\was double expectations at 337,000 in October.
AP - An autopsy confirmed that NHL player Serge Zholtok died from heart failure after playing a game this week in Belarus.
AP - Many electronic governance projects are failing globally due to poor planning, political interference and bureaucratic bungling, a top World Bank official said Friday.
The US economy added 337,000 now jobs in October, a seven-month high and much higher than Wall Street expectations.
Individual bankruptcies in England and Wales have risen to their highest level on record, official figures show.
UK brokerage Cazenove effectively gave up 181 years of independence on Friday when it sealed a joint venture with JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co.
California had its cleanest summertime air in three decades, yet the San Joaquin Valley still had 104 violations of the daylong, or eight-hour, smog standard.
Kenneth L. Franklin, the former Chairman and Chief Astronomer at New Yorks Hayden Planetarium, would often make reference to our  quot;dynamic and ever-changing sky.
ATLANTA - If Reggie Jackson is forever baseball #39;s Mr. October, Vijay Singh has become golf #39;s calendar boy for August. And September.
Newcastle striker Craig Bellamy insists that he is happy to knuckle down and fight for his place after helping to fire his side closer to the UEFA Cup knock-out stages.
Manchester United are within touching distance of a void, and victory by their occasionally-troublesome neighbours on Sunday would sever the remaining strands securing the line to Arsenal and Chelsea.
AMERICAN marines today blocked all roads around Fallujah as they prepared to launch a massive assault on the rebel-held Iraqi city.
In a meeting with executives from four Hollywood studios this year, Sony Electronics brass laid it on the line: They were going ahead with technology for the next generation 
Yasir Arafat is not brain dead, his spokeswoman said as Palestinian officials met to consider a future without him.
Ayad Allawi sought to calm anger today over his description of states that opposed the war as "spectators."
Giancarlo Fisichella began preparations for the 2005 season yesterday at Enstone, when he visited Renault F1 Teams UK base for a seat fitting.
Tiny firm claims ownership of international e-commerce
Rising interest rates and a reliance on credit were blamed Friday for an increased number of British personal bankruptcies in the latest quarter.
Holding company IFIL SpA said Friday it will sell the foods division of retailer La Rinascente SpA to French supermarket retailer Auchan in a deal worth euro1.
ACE Ltd. has fired two employees and suspended three others over their alleged involvement in the contingent commissions scandal that is being investigated by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer.
Top seed Andy Roddick and holder Tim Henman, their minds perhaps on next week #39;s Masters Cup, bowed out of the Paris Masters in the third round on Thursday.
1500CET--The Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi #39;s participation in the EU Summit entered its second day which was dominated by the Iraq issue as the 
JAKARTA - The Indonesian Supreme Court has overturned the conviction of the only official found guilty over the 1999 bloodshed in East Timor.
Thames Valley Police joins a national mobile database to trace owners of stolen phones.
A new incarnation of Blue Gene/L can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, IBM says.
The chipmaker will quietly roll out its 3.8GHz Pentium 4 570 for desktops on Nov. 15, sources tell CNET News.com.
Venture capitalists are lavishing money on the fashionable Linux supercomputing concept--but smaller firms face much larger rivals.
TORONTO (Ticker) -- The Detroit Pistons will not have coach Larry Brown on the sideline when they visit the Toronto Raptors Friday.
Reuters - Up to 60 protected gray seals have been\killed off the west coast of Ireland in what a wildlife group\described as slaughter.
A new incarnation of Blue Gene/L can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, IBM says.
The Motion Picture Association of America announced yesterday that it would shortly be following in the footsteps of the music industry and suing people who have illegally traded digital copies of films over the internet.
Former US Open champion Corey Pavin said Wednesday he #39;s playing for his caddie this week - who also happens to be his wife - at the inaugural Vietnam Masters.
5 November 2004 -- The US military in Iraq has reportedly sealed off Al-Fallujah in central Iraq and launched a night of air strikes on that rebel-held city.
European Union leaders Friday dangled the prospect of a lucrative trade pact to Iran if the Islamic republic suspends its nuclear programme.
Wild rides, a snow-hugging choo-choo, and a movie mecca will factor greatly during the week that is on the way.
Historians and conservationists are breathing a little easier after the Scenic Hudson Land Trust bought 336 acres of forest in President Roosevelt's old estate.
The move is seen as an effort to appease Molson's investors, who have criticized the planned merger with Coors because it did not include a takeover premium for their shares.
Doom 3 has blasted away the competition at a major games ceremony, the Golden Joystick awards.
Beazer Homes USA Inc., a homebuilder based in Atlanta, on Friday posted a 40 percent surge in profit for its latest quarter amid growth in new-home orders.
An analysis in a prominent medical journal reports that the painkiller Vioxx demonstrated an increased risk of heart attack four years ago and should have been withdrawn long before Sept.
Altria, the owner of food company Kraft and the world #39;s biggest cigarette maker Philip Morris, may split itself up to help limit the effect of legal battles.
Edison International, a power generating and electric utility holding company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit soared on gains from asset sales.
Boston Red Sox slugger David Ortiz swings his bat before Japanese media during a workout session at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo Thursday, Nov. 4, 2004.
I admit I was fast asleep when the moment came, although the moment wasn #39;t really the moment. It was mid-afternoon on Sunday, 24 October.
Up to 60 protected gray seals have been killed off the west coast of Ireland in what a wildlife group described as slaughter. The Irish Seal Sanctuary said the seals -- most of them pups 
AFP - The euro rose to a new record high against the dollar, climbing to 1.2937 dollars in late European trades.
Canadian Press - SASKATOON (CP) - Saskatchewan became the seventh Canadian jurisdiction to allow same-sex marriages Friday after a judge ruled the current federal law on the subject unconstitutional.
AP - American troops will train with new U.S. military equipment in Australia under a pact being negotiated by Washington and Canberra, a prominent defense analyst said Friday.
A United States man convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia.
Government officials are trying to convince the chief organizer of the 2006 Turin Olympics not to quit, but Valentino Castellani says there is  quot;no room for second thoughts.
BANGKOK: Six more people have been killed in Muslim-majority southern Thailand in the last 24 hours, police said yesterday, amid outrage over the death last week of 85 Muslims.
OTTAWA - World economic growth will be at risk next year if oil prices remain near all-time highs well into next year, the Conference Board of Canada said Friday.
US stocks rose at the open on Friday after the US economy added twice the number of jobs than had been expected last month, presenting equity investors a positive sign of US economic growth.
AP - The age-old NASCAR ethic of hard work and patience has helped Jimmie Johnson win three straight races and put him back in the Nextel Cup championship picture.
The next version of the Opera browser will be integrated with SlipStream #39;s Web and email acceleration technology, Opera Software said on Thursday.
Bolton manager Sam Allardyce believes Adrian Mutu has the ability to bounce back at the top level. The Chelsea striker has been banned for seven months after failing a drugs test.
Scotlands caretaker manager Tommy Burns has made it clear he would consider taking on the post on a full-time basis. And he believes he is in pole position as he will get the chance 
AP - Mississippi State star Lawrence Roberts must sit out one game for accepting  #151; and later repaying  #151; expenses for a pre-NBA draft workout.
AP - An error with an electronic voting system gave President Bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban Columbus, elections officials said.
Bargain-hungry Mexican shoppers flock to a controversial  Wal-Mart supermarket that has been built half a mile away from ancient pyramids.
The euro hit a new all-time high against the U.S. dollar today, climbing on oil price worries and concern over the U.S. budget deficit.
Disappointing results reflect flaws in the business model, not an "aberration."
New Zealand beat Bangladesh by thre wickets in Dhaka despite figures of 5-31 by Aftab Ahmed.
Laser manufacturer Candela's management avoids taking the easy way out to explain shortfalls.
&lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Not even a gay, blogging Jesus could help
&lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Point and click
Enterprise Systems says tasks, including IT projects, are heading mainly to other U.S. companies, not offshore.
A year on, and the company's \$1 million tip-off program has nabbed just one (alleged) virus writer. Is it a bust?\
Customers will just have to pay their carriers a few pennies for each text-message directory-assistance query.
A freeware Bible reader is gaining fans--and proving again that Apple's iPod could be a saving grace for e-books.
PC World - Dangerous new ways to try to steal your money are in progress.
The US dollar hit an all-time low against the euro Friday, shrugging off positive US employment data and falling on worries about oil prices and concern over the US budget deficit.
Personal insolvencies in England and Wales have hit another record high as interest rate rises take their toll on already over-extended households.
Pfizer Inc. and Canadian health officials moved Thursday to answer concerns over the painkiller Celebrex after a news report raised safety questions about the drug.
Microsoft is investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer, but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said today.
When Larry Murphy was five years old, his father discovered there was an opening in the hockey program at the local outdoor rink and enrolled is youngest boy.
The company ponies up \$3 billion for key spectrum in buying out bankrupt NextWave Telecom.
U.S. law enforcement closed down the thriving criminal marketplace Shadowcrew.com last week, but left its database of forbidden knowledge open to the public. \
The Register By John Leyden john dot leyden at theregister dot co dot uk
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday fired Wally Backman, just four days after naming him their new manager.
Environmental activist Maude Barlow believes the world is poised to experience a freshwater crisis of "monumental proportions." The Canadian author shares her views on global water use and abuse with National Geographic News.
The US Food and Drug Administration on Friday asked an outside group to review the way it monitors safety risks associated with medicines already on the market, such as Merck  amp; Co.
The Securities and Exchange Commission will propose soon a plan to tighten governance at the nation #39;s stock exchanges to ensure they are serving the public interest, SEC Chairman William Donaldson said Friday.
IBM said that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer trumps the performance of SGI #39;s recently announced Columbia system installed at NASA by more than 65 percent.
The presidential election took center stage this week, with technology playing a role everywhere from e-voting machines to Web sites that tracked the election results.
Taipei plans to make wireless internet access available across citywide by the end of 2005, joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.
With operating income down and requests for dividends, Chiquita's conference call was no fun.
Villanova, PA (Sports Network) - Russian Nadia Petrova defeated fellow countrywoman Anastasia Myskina in quarterfinal action Friday at the Advanta Championships.
Minnesota coach Glen Mason will get a firsthand look Saturday at the guy who got away. John Stocco, the starting quarterback for No.
Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan was fined 8,500 pounds (\$18,900 Cdn) Friday by the Football Association for verbally abusing a referee.
Ryanair, Europe's largest low-cost airline, might introduce in-flight gaming.
A US decision to call Macedonia,  quot;Macedonia, quot; has raised the ire of Greece, which is threatening to keep the country out of the European Union.
US military officials say a series of air raids on Fallujah provoked a deadly counterstrike from Iraqi militants. The military says one soldier is dead and seven wounded in a rocket attack 
Expeditors International posts strong results, but the jaw droppers are in its 8-K.
Sure, many penny stocks are bad. But some of them offer divine returns for the Foolish bargain hunter.
The graphics chip company recaptures the high-end segment and quadruples profits.
Pilots at Northwest Airlines accept a 15 pay cut as the firm struggles against high fuel bills and tough competition.
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom's decision in February to open City Hall to thousands of gay weddings has become a subject of considerable debate among Democrats.
Scientists are baffled by a mysterious power boost to one of its two robotic rovers on Mars.
Responding to a European Union request, Microsoft said the license for its Office-related XML document formats will be royalty-free forever.
New Yahoo exec's name ring a bell? Maybe you've been watching Seinfeld reruns. Missing Links
Suffering stock steadied by deal that will hold costs of multiple Linux and Unix lawsuits at \$31 million.
Barcelona's MareNostrum isn't the fastest supercomputer on Earth, but 20 teraflops with regular blade servers is nothing to sneer at.
Sixteen racks of IBM's Blue Gene/L supercomputer can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second.
Alert Thursday joins patch Tuesday in BoFH calendars
Reuters - The Arizona Diamondbacks have\fired newly-hired manager Wally Backman and are expected to\replace him with Bob Melvin, according to a published report.
AFP - Taiwan claimed a diplomatic victory over rival Beijing by establishing full relations with Vanuatu, a small Pacific nation that less than two months ago pledged its allegiance to mainland China.
Philippine officials sought international help Sunday to rebuild villages devastated by back-to-back storms that left more than 1,000 people either dead or missing and devastated mostly poor northern agricultural regions.
AP - Trev Faulk will be making his first career start, and he might get a chance to tackle his cousin for the first time.
AP - The weather was beautiful this week on the University of Miami campus, all blue sky with a hint of fall in the balmy breezes.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill and unconscious at a military hospital near here Friday, but hospital officials said his condition had not deteriorated.
A couple pleaded guilty Friday to charges of smuggling dozens of illegal immigrants from Peru and forcing them into "virtual servitude" to pay for their passage.
Verizon Wireless said today that it will pay \$3 billion in cash for all the spectrum licenses owned by NextWave Telecom to expand coverage for new subscribers.
Consumers borrowed more freely in September, especially when it came to racking up charges on their credit cards, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.
PC World - We test this next-generation DVD technology, and get mixed results.
AP - Colorado State coach Sonny Lubick is impressed with what former Rams assistant Urban Meyer has done in just two years at Utah.
NewsFactor - Two companies specializing in Linux-based cluster systems for high performance computing have drawn the interest of investors, giving each a substantial financial boost.
AP - Consumers borrowed more freely in September, especially when it came to racking up charges on their credit cards, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.
Company executives said the Security Bulletin Advanced Notification program will be open to everyone, and will be available on Microsoft #39;s TechNet site.
Former football player Tommy Kane, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of his former wife, was sentence Friday to 18 years in jail.
A Massachusetts man has combined two of his passions -horoughbred horse racing and the Boston Red Sox  -naming a recently purchased 1-year-old colt Curse Reversed.
While Republican organizations took a bow this week, Democratic groups deflected questions about their efficacy and argued that the race provided valuable experience for future victories.
Shares in animation giant Pixar set new records, boosted by high hopes for its new film The Incredibles.
Artillery fire is heard on the outskirts of the  Iraqi city of Falluja amid expectations of a major assault against rebels. 
The U.S. economy added another 6,900 jobs in computer systems design and related services in October, but tech manufacturing posts fell again.
The BSA trade group ups its reward for information on U.K. companies that are using illegal software.
Microsoft is adding film showings channel to its MSN Direct data service for smart watches.
Cisco Systems and Wells Fargo found themselves this week again responding to security breaches nearly identical to ones the two companies faced only months earlier.
The Taiwan capital of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available to as many as 2.6 million of its residents by the end of next year.
Wally Backman is out of a job and the Arizona Diamondbacks are the laughingstocks of baseball. Other than that, its been a pretty normal week here in the desert.
US Treasury prices slid on Friday as analysts said the first truly robust jobs report in months suggested the Federal Reserve had plenty of reason to keep raising interest rates through the end of the year.
Microsoft is again pledging to improve the security of its software by beginning to notify customers of upcoming patches. However, the promise came just as experts warned that attack code exploiting 
A preliminary report, out Friday, suggests the Hendrick Motorsports plane crashed right after pilots failed to make the proper maneuver after overshooting the airport outside Martinsville.
Palestinian Minister for Foreign Affairs Nabil Shaath announced Friday that Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei would head to Gaza on Saturday to meet with representatives of militant groups and factions.
AP - Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and the star quarterback finds the Pro Bowl tight end.
Dell gets set to roll out its PowerEdge 1855 blade server line a home-grown design, this month.
A Spanish supercomputer built by IBM has captured the world speed record for a machine using standard blade servers.
Almost 4,000 votes got added to Bush's Ohio count. Reports of minor glitches continue to turn up.\
Plans to integrate two existing alert services in bid to tap compliance market.
Stock in the BlackBerry maker fluctuates as investors await a key ruling in a hotly contested patent infringement case.
A Microsoft vice president confirmed this week that the company intends to ship a new version of Office, referred to internally as Office 12, in the next 12 to 24 months.
Microsoft will expand its Office product lineup next year with a bundle designed to help small businesses manage customer, financial and business processes.
AP - Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson practiced for the first time this week Friday and is listed as probable for Sunday's game at New Orleans.
Software giant tailors new version of office suite for small-business users.
Mirapoint plans to release a new Rapid Anti-Spam technology next week that offers real-time protection against spam and many virus threats.
Microsoft is to give users three working days notice about upcoming security patches. Starting this month the software giant will provide a general summary of upcoming updates just before it releases patches 
Several relatives of British soldiers killed in Iraq this week have called on their Government to withdraw all troops from the country.
Mobile gaming company inks a deal to introduce ring tones and games based on the popular 1960s cartoon.
Treasuries prices plunged on Friday after a startlingly strong US jobs report raised the risk the Federal Reserve would keep hiking interest rates well beyond the move widely expected for next week.
Signs are pointing to a growing interest in desktop Linux and open-source software at Adobe Systems Inc., the maker of popular imaging and graphics software and the standard-bearer of PDF.
The current Office System lineup--including the various Office SKUs, Live Communications Server, SharePoint Portal Server, Project Server, Content Management Server, etc.
MUMBAI: India salvaged their bruised pride by winning the fourth and final cricket Test against world champions Australia by 13 runs in a heart-stopping finish here on Friday.
FORMER Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was banned seven months and fined 20,000 (\$61,000) by the Football Association yesterday for failing a drugs test.
Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Peter Warrick was placed on the injured list Friday because of a shin injury, ending his season .
AP - Jets receiver Wayne Chrebet is questionable for Sunday's game against Buffalo with a sore lower back.
United Airlines formally raised the possibility of throwing out union contracts on Friday, asking a bankruptcy judge for permission to discuss the matter at an upcoming court hearing.
The International Monetary Fund said Friday China remains reluctant to float its currency. In its discussions with Chinese authorities about the country #39;s economy, the IMF said 
IBM #39;s Blue Gene/L became the top contender to the supercomputing throne Thursday as Big Blue announced a new incarnation of the machine can perform 70.
Sun Microsystems expects to publicly debut Solaris 10 on Nov. 15, but its plans to release an open-source version of the Unix operating system remain in limbo.
ONE of Australia #39;s most stunning bowling performances of all-time was blotted out by one of their most embarrassing losses as a Test match turned mad here yesterday.
Willie Randolph is guaranteed \$1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager.
AP - Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman may miss the start of next season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing flag football.
AP - Buffalo Bills receiver Josh Reed and cornerback Troy Vincent are expected to miss Sunday's game against the New York Jets.
AP - An examination of Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling's right ankle scheduled for Friday was postponed due to a scheduling conflict.
Two Palestinian children were killed in an explosion in the southern Gaza Strip on Friday, and Israeli and Palestinian sources gave conflicting accounts of the cause of the blast.
Sharing movie files is not as prevalent as sharing music, partly because it takes a lot of bandwidth to download even a poor copy of a two-hour film.
In September, IBM announced that the Blue Gene/L prototype had sustained speeds of 36 trillion calculations per second. Blue Gene/L recently achieved a sustained performance of 70.
Veteran Jay Haas edged closer to his first PGA Tour win for more than 10 years on Friday with a four-under-par 66 for the halfway lead at the Tour Championship.
AP - An error with an electronic voting system gave President Bush 3,893 extra votes in suburban Columbus, elections officials said.
November 05, 2004 - Following the confirmation of Minna no Golf Mobile two weeks ago, the PSP now has its second Japanese launch title.
AP - The State Department urged the Sudanese government Wednesday to arrange for the return of thousands of people in Darfur who were forcibly removed from a camp where they had taken refuge.
 PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat remained in a critical  condition as uncertainty mounted over who might succeed him and  where he might be buried should he die.
President Bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. The payoff came on Election Day.
New version of Microsoft Office for small businesses to include more accounting and customer information features.
Dell CEO Kevin Rollins came out swinging against overseas outsourcing in a speech delivered Friday at a conference in Boston. Outsourcing Blog
Hole in British bank's system was "so simple the hackers didn't even think to look for it," an expert says.
Company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.\
iFone will introduce ring tones, games and screen graphics based on Rocky, the flying squirrel, and his sidekick, Bullwinkle.
AP - After just four days on the job, Wally Backman was fired Friday as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks because of two arrests and financial problems he kept from the team.
The feds turn up the heat on a corporate executive who went on the lam after being charged with paying hackers to take down the competition.  \
AP - Al Onofrio, former head football coach at Missouri who also helped design defenses for Dan Devine for more than a decade, has died. He was 83.
Vodafone has sharply increased its capacity in the United States after its joint venture in America, Verizon Wireless, struck a \$3bn (1.
George Bush received the best possible boost to the start of his second term yesterday when US payrolls rose at the fastest rate for seven months, well above the market #39;s expectations.
South Africa #39;s Gold Fields said yesterday it had filed a complaint in New York against its rival, Harmony, saying Harmony #39;s hostile bid violates US securities laws.
The number of individuals going bankrupt has hit a record high, government figures revealed yesterday in fresh evidence that over-indebted households are struggling to cope with recent interest rate rises.
MADRID International Business Machines presented the Spanish government on Friday with what it called the most powerful computer in Europe, saying it would open a new era in scientific research in Spain.
The Environment Ministry unveiled a carbon tax Friday to discourage use of fossil fuels and promote the use of energy-saving appliances so Japan can meet its obligations under the Kyoto Protocol.
Jacques Santini has resigned as coach of Tottenham Hotspur after just 13 games in charge, the English Premier League club announced Friday.
The 18th anniversary today of the start of Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s Manchester United career requires no more significant reminder that every great reign depends on perpetual 
Darren Clarke claimed yesterday that it would take more than a change in captaincy to reverse a trend that has seen Europe win four of the last five Ryder Cups.
A UN draft resolution on Friday urged warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur to reach peace agreements while promising international support and possible debt forgiveness if they do.
President Vladimir V. Putin on Friday signed Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on global warming, the Kremlin announced, clearing the way for the international 
The university estimates the data theft cost the school \$167,000 to recover the system affected by the breach.
Company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.\
Verizon Wireless said it would pay \$3 billion in cash for the spectrum licenses owned by NextWave Telecom, a move that should expand coverage for new subscribers.
A sudden aviation fuel shortage grounds domestic and international flights out of Nigeria's commercial centre.
Tiger Woods matches his best score of the year to lie just behind Jay Haas in Georgia.
Jacques Santini steps down as Tottenham manager for "personal reasons".
\Levels of a naturally occurring cannabis-like compound rise sharply in a woman's body when she is about to go into labour, research has found.
Tiger Woods shot a second-round six-under-par 64 at the Tour Championship and trails leader Jay Haas by three strokes.
Jamal Crawford is as eager as anyone to make critics forget the last few years of hideous productions on the Garden stage.
AP - The Seattle Seahawks placed special-teams standout Alex Bannister on injured reserve Friday, along with practice-squad receiver D.J. Hackett.
AP - The next Congress will look slightly more like the real America, with more women, Hispanics and blacks, including the first black man to enter the Senate in a quarter century.
Better IT security and identity management is needed if online commerce and egovernment services are to succeed, according to RSA Security chief executive Arthur Coviello.
While Tiger Woods has been second-guessed many times recently, he has refused to second-guess himself. Woods has won only one tournament this year, he has dropped to No.
The Seattle Seahawks placed special-teams standout Alex Bannister on injured reserve Friday, along with practice-squad receiver DJ Hackett.
A draft resolution calling for a speedy end to talks on resolving the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur region is being examined by UN Security Council members.
Amid intense criticism that it is slow to raise the alarm about unsafe medicines, the Food and Drug Administration announced Friday that it would hire the nation #39;s top 
AP - Ron Artest scored 28 points and Jermaine O'Neal added 19 to lead the shorthanded Indiana Pacers past the Boston Celtics 100-94 on Friday night.
Ziff Davis - In the aftermath of Sender ID, some are concerned that Microsoft may use its vague IP claims over basic Internet protocols against other companies and open-source developers.
US researchers recently discovered specific doorways in mice brain cells, called receptors, which could hold the key to nicotine addiction.
The most recent spacecraft telemetry was acquired from the Goldstone tracking station on Wednesday, November 3. The Cassini spacecraft is in an excellent state of health and is operating normally.
AP - Tracy McGrady scored 30 points and had nine assists, leading the Houston Rockets past the Memphis Grizzlies 89-81 on Friday night.
Militants who claim to be holding Northern Irish United Nations worker Annetta Flanigan hostage in Afghanistan have extended a deadline until tonight to decide her fate.
This holiday season, a dozen major retailers are banking on the choppy, pulsating sound of remixed Christmas classics to help lure young shoppers and keep them spending.
A radical Islamic group threaten dire consequences if India go ahead with their tour of Bangladesh.
The wait already has been longer than expected for Eli Manning and Philip Rivers, the top two quarterbacks selected in the NFL draft in April.
Tiger Woods shoots six-under in the second round to get back in contention at the Tour Championship and trails 50-year-old Jay Haas by just three shots.
Sunday night's game against the Browns marks Kyle Boller's 17th career start for the Ravens. With the extra experience come more expectations for the quarterback.
Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman may miss the start of next season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee while playing flag football.
The Yankees will try to negotiate a new contract with Jon Lieber, but declined his option and let him become a free agent.
Travis Garrison scores 20 points, and Maryland overcomes a lackluster first half to beat Bryant College 100-85 in an exhibition game.
The U.S. ratcheted up preparations for what appeared to be an imminent assault on Falluja, while rebels set up a perimeter.
The report ignited renewed hopes that after years of caution, businesses may be starting to hire workers more aggressively.
A jury in Siberia found a Russian scientist guilty Friday of illegally passing documents to China, the latest ruling in a lengthy case in which the defendant was first acquitted, then ordered retried.
Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah have broken down, officials say.
Just when lawmakers thought a thorny tax dispute was behind them, the European Union raised objections to parts of the corporate tax bill that was passed last month.
In a surprise reversal, the Chilean army on Friday for the first time assumed institutional responsibility for widespread human rights violations during the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
Former champion Cristiano da Matta wants to return to the Newman/Haas Champ Car team next year after two disappointing seasons in Formula One.
ACE Ltd. on Thursday became the latest insurance company to announce changes in its business practices in response to the industry probe launched by New York #39;s attorney general.
The Arizona Diamondbacks completed a remarkable U-turn on Friday by sacking manager Wally Backman just four days after appointing him.
One interesting side note of the Willie Randolph coronation Thursday was a brief commentary by general manager Omar Minaya, in which he detailed some of the Mets #39; winter plans.
Seven Islamic militants were charged here on Friday with terrorist-related activities in connection with the killing of the Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, Amsterdam #39;s public prosecutor said.
Verizon Wireless on Thursday announced an agreement to acquire all the PCS spectrum licenses of NextWave Telecom Inc. in 23 markets for \$3 billion.
WASHINGTON The Food and Drug Administration is vowing to appoint a director of drug safety and take other steps to ensure the safety of medications.
Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan has been fined 8,500 pounds for insulting referee Steve Dunn after his side #39;s Premier League defeat at Newcastle United last month.
Shelden Williams had 32 points and 12 rebounds, leading Duke to a 107-56 victory over St. Francis Xavier in an exhibition game Friday night.
Smaller cellphone companies are feeling pressures from national carriers entering rural areas now that urban markets are saturated.
Who could complain about the iPod? But who can cope with it? If you can listen to everything, you may end up hearing nothing.
Crude-oil prices rebounded Friday but remained below \$50 a barrel after declining 4 percent in the last week due to rising US supplies of crude and natural gas.
Pilots at Northwest Airlines have ratified a USD\$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the pilots union said on Friday.
Miami- Drew Gooden did not get much sleep following the Cavaliers #39; double-overtime loss to the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday night.
Sir Alex Ferguson reckons the Old Trafford crowd will have a big bearing on the outcome of tomorrows Manchester derby. Often derided for their lack of passion, the United fans have 
With Vince Carter a non-factor, you would #39;ve expected a Pistons victory Friday night at Air Canada Centre before a crowd of 15,284.
Yasser Arafat is hovering between life and death in a coma, Palestinian and French officials say. There was still no official public diagnosis yesterday to explain the Palestinian leaders critical condition.
A new draft resolution circulated within the United Nations Security Council urges warring parties in southern Sudan and western Darfur province to reach peace agreements, promising international support and possible debt forgiveness.
Rebels have attacked a military camp in disputed Kashmir, killing a soldier hours before India #39;s Home Minister was due to visit the troubled region, security officials said.
Davy Arnaud scores two goals to lead Kansas City to a 2-0 victory Friday night over the Los Angeles Galaxy, putting the Wizards in Major League Soccer's championship game.
Howard senior Marcos Moreno will start at quarterback against South Carolina State, after he was benched before last week's 35-17 win over Norfolk State.
The sports world is the foremost haven for clichis, and there might be no better place to unearth them than through college football coaches.
AP - Officials from Japan, South Korea and Major League Baseball made significant progress Friday in talks aimed at setting up a World Cup tournament in 2006.
Money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
For the Los Angeles-Seattle based music duo, keeping your name means promoting the mail service.
Columnist Johanna Rothman explains the art of the question, whether it be in a job interview or a vendor meeting.
The US economy created 337,000 new jobs in October, the government reported Friday, snapping a prolonged jobs slump and sparking renewed hopes that, after years 
Automakers weren #39;t as generous with consumer incentives in October as they were in September, but shoppers can expect a new round of deals as manufacturers, particularly General Motors Corp.
Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and struggled with financial problems.
MILTON -- If you could build a prototype Mansfield Hornet, he just might look like Brett McDermott.
Loren Woods has 17 points and a career-high 14 rebounds to help the Raptors improve to 2-0 with a 101-89 victory over the Pistons.
US employers added 337,000 workers in October - almost twice the median forecast -s hurricane cleanup added jobs in places such as storm-struck Southwest Florida.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Pilots at Northwest Airlines approved a \$265 million pay cut package, the Air Line Pilots Association said Friday.
Warning that film piracy represents an enormous threat to the movie industry, the Motion Picture Association of America announced that it plans to sue people for trading illegal digital copies of movies over the Internet.
A Delta 2 rocket haunted by two hurricanes, a tornado and technical problems ran into a new snag this morning that stopped the launch countdown at 43 seconds.
Fresh off being the worst team in baseball, the Arizona Diamondbacks set a new record this week: fastest team to both hire and fire a manager.
North Carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the Tar Heels. Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer says only one of those results merits 
World record holder Paula Radcliffe will race back into the spotlight at the New York Marathon when she returns to action for the first time since her stunning collapse at the Athens Olympic Games.
Now that Willie Randolph has been hired as manager, the Mets have plenty of other business to keep them occupied as they prepare for next week #39;s general manager meetings, and another issue 
The loss of Yasser Arafat could ease the Palestinian-Israeli conflict significantly, local observers of Middle Eastern politics said Friday.
Negotiations between the interim Iraqi government and insurgent leaders who control Fallujah city have broken down, Iraqi officials said Friday, as US Marines 
 A Spotsylvania medic was shot and killed this week in the clinic at Abu Ghraib prison near Baghdad, where he was working for a Halliburton subsidiary.
Reuters - A Boeing Co. Delta 2\rocket successfully launched a new U.S. Air Force Global\Positioning Satellite into orbit from Florida Saturday.
OLD HOME WEEK: Virginia Tech and North Carolina haven #39;t met in the regular season since 1946, but the programs have a history with each other.
Alonzo Mourning put New Jersey ahead for good in the second overtime period Friday night and the Nets went on to defeat Chicago, 111-106.
Israeli forces have killed three Palestinian militants who tried to attack a Jewish settlement bloc in the Gaza Strip, Israeli security sources say.
By Alan M. MacRobert, Globe Correspondent  November 6, 2004. In this darkening season, lots of people start the day before sunrise.
The decision by the Football Association not to throw the book at Rio Ferdinand when the Manchester United defender failed to turn up for a drugs test last year has come back to haunt them.
PRIME minister Ahmed Qorei will hold talks with leaders of the main Palestinian armed factions in a bid to prevent any outbreak of violence after the death of Yasser Arafat.
 SAMARRA, Iraq (Reuters) - Two car bombs exploded north of  Baghdad Saturday, killing eight people and wounding at least  20, police at the scene said.
A Boeing Co. Delta 2 rocket successfully launched a new US Air Force Global Positioning Satellite into orbit from Florida Saturday.
With the third  quot;ZY-2 quot; research satellite successfully entered into orbit on Saturday morning, China has continuously accomplished its 40th satellites launching tasks since Oct.
Mobile device vendor palmOne Thursday denied a report that its executives had said the company was developing a Pocket PC version of its Treo smartphone.
Now that hell froze over in Boston, New England braces for its rarest season -- a winter of content. Red Sox fans are adrift from the familiar torture of the past.
David Beckham is targeting a return from injury next week in the hope that he can be fully fit in time for Englands forthcoming friendly against Spain.
It is hard to overstate the sense of shock across much of Europe at the popular mandate that Americans have given George W. Bush, even if the result itself was no great surprise.
Militants claiming to hold three UN workers in Afghanistan have extended a deadline until tonight to allow the government in Kabul and the UN to negotiate with them.
TechWeb - IBM's Linux Scholar Challenge is one of a few programs to drum up enthusiasm among students worldwide in Linux and open-source software.
There isn't much choice for travelers looking for luxury accommodations in Boston, but that's about to change in a big way.
Zimbabwe's president is in Equatorial Guinea to discuss a suspected coup attempt against its government.
A message claiming to be from  Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi calls for the release of Margaret Hassan.
CNET reports that PalmOne has evaluated versions of Microsofts Windows Mobile as well as Linux-based operating systems for use in its products.
At least two Palestinian militants are killed in an Israeli missile strike near a Jewish  settlement in southern Gaza.
ZAMAAR, Mongolia -- Oyungerel crouches among the rocks and sand in the river bed, scouring for the means to send her children to college.
Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and had serious financial problems.
NEW ORLEANS -- Stefan LeFors returned to his home state for the final time as a collegian and led Louisville to a record-setting performance.
His team down 13 points in the second half, Connecticut reserve freshman guard Antonio Kellogg stepped onto the floor with one thing on his mind -- defense.
The union for United Airlines flight attendants promised Friday to fight the company over every dime of its plan to impose an additional \$725 million 
Shares of Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. surged 23 percent Friday after a real estate investor disclosed it had bought a stake in the department-store chain.
Ten months after NASA #39;s twin rovers landed on Mars, scientists reported this week that both robotic vehicles are still navigating their rock-studded landscapes with all instruments operating 
One Sun innovation is how on-screen keyboard buttons can include drop-down menu items specific to a given application or function.
 GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed two Palestinian  gunmen who tried to attack a Jewish settlement bloc in the Gaza  Strip Saturday, the army and militant sources said.
Thrust into a difficult position, Thaddeus Pollard didn't blink, he took off. As a matter of fact, he may not have stopped running yet.
MISSOULA, Mont. -- In a game in which something had to give, New Hampshire's defense gave the most.
South Korea says the newly re-elected US president has agreed to seek early talks on N Korea's nuclear programme.
Reuters - Indian troops have captured an important rebel stronghold in Manipur, close to the border with Myanmar, the army said on Saturday.
AP - After a series of delays, a Boeing Delta 2 rocket carrying a Global Positioning System satellite for the Air Force roared into space early Saturday.
United Airlines said it must cut an another \$2 billion in costs, including an end to all employee pension plans, to exit bankruptcy.
In one of its broadest efforts to rein in what it regards as abusive tax shelter activity among well-to-do professionals, the Internal Revenue Service is seeking to shut down a group 
Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied that coach Jacques Santini #39;s sudden departure was the result of a clash of personalities.
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in a coma Saturday at a French military hospital as concerns heightened over possibilities for his burial and the future of Palestinian leadership.
German, French and British diplomats have so far failed in a new round of talks to persuade Iran to give up its uranium enrichment program.
Thirty-one years on the Chilean army has acknowledged the human rights violations committed during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.
Hard on the heels of Mr. Bush #39;s election victory comes a Labor Department report that shows employers added 337,000 new jobs to the economy in October.
Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Tim Duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs past the Los Angeles Lakers, 105-96.
United Airlines union leaders huddled Friday to decide how to respond after the company signaled its intent to impose an additional \$725 million in labor cuts and eliminate traditional pension plans.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Everybody was ready to party on Wall  Street after George W. Bush's election win.
Jakarta - A leading Indonesian scientist on Saturday challenged the widely publicised theory that fossilised bones found on the eastern island of Flores were from a previously unknown species of human.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Imagine the effect on Formula One if  world champion Michael Schumacher, rather than younger brother  Ralf, had signed for Toyota next season.
Doctors at a French military hospital near Paris say Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remains in a coma, in critical but stable condition.
US warplanes and artillery continued to blast rebel targets in Fallujah Saturday, as thousands of US and Iraqi troops prepared for a major assault on the rebel-held Iraqi city.
Senior African Union officials will meet on Saturday for emergency talks on the conflict that has reignited in Ivory Coast, threatening to undermine efforts to restore peace in neighbouring countries, an official said.
Defence officials and independent experts on Iraq yesterday accused the government of seriously underestimating the task facing the Black Watch at their base south of Baghdad.
Thailand's prime minister says he will not be forced to talk to suspected Muslim separatist in the south.
According to fellow lawmakers and an advisor, Senator Christopher J. Dodd is considering running for governor of Connecticut in 2006.
Despite being under the weather yesterday, junior forward Aja Parham provided the spark as the Boston College women's basketball team routed Northeastern, 90-63, at Conte Forum.
Scientists are none the wiser about what awaits the Huygens space probe on Saturn's moon Titan when it lands, despite a close flyby by Cassini.
Canadian Press - (CP) - In 1986, Ron Parkes made a pilgrimage to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington.
Reuters - A reactor at a Russian atomic power\station which was closed after a malfunction resumed work on\Saturday, the station said.
MIAMI -- Bryan Randall grabbed a set of Mardi Gras beads and waved them aloft, while his teammates exalted in the prospect of a trip to New Orleans.
KEVIN Keegan believes that Manchester City can end 30 years of Old Trafford derby heartache if his players hold their nerve tomorrow.
Front office management - make that mismanagement - of the Arizona Diamondbacks has now provided for the franchise and its adoring public the fourth trail boss since the 2004 season began.
(Sports Network) - The Utah Jazz and Denver Nuggets play the first of a home- and-home set tonight, as the squad meet at the Pepsi Center.
WHEN FIFA president Sepp Blatter embraced Johnny Warren and presented him with the Centennial Medal of Honour in Sydney in July, it was a touching moment.
BAGHDAD, Iraq -- The US military said 20 American soldiers have been wounded Saturday in Iraq in the insurgent stronghold city of Ramadi.
South Korea and Japan agreed Saturday to try to restart stalled six-party talks concerning North Korea #39;s nuclear ambitions. North Korea should return to the multilateral 
Pakistan's President Musharraf offers support to Afghanistan in tracking down al-Qaeda fighters in border regions.
Chicago Tribune - Despite Republican victories in the elections this week, much of President Bush's agenda faces considerable head winds in Congress, particularly the Senate.
AP - Johhny Warren, who captained Australia in 1974 in its only World Cup soccer appearance, died from cancer Saturday at 61.
United Airlines is pushing for another \$725 million in labor concessions and the elimination of employees traditional pensions as it seeks the financing to come out of bankruptcy.
Description: A jury in Houston finds four former Merrill Lynch bankers and a former Enron vice president a guilty of conspiracy and fraud.
ATLANTA - Fifty-year-old Jay Haas does not quite need a walking stick, but he is easily the oldest man in the field at the Tour Championship.
In those eight words, spoken yesterday, Lleyton Hewitt finally addressed his inner turmoil over the split in his romance with Kim Clijsters.
The board of Gold Fields Ltd. urged shareholders Wednesday to reject a \$8.1-billion-US takeover bid by South African gold producer Harmony Gold Mining Co.
China successfully launched another satellite Saturday, its 40th consecutive successful liftoff, the government-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The scientific world has just been given an amazing new insight into the complexities of human evolution. A team of Indonesian and Australian scientists has discovered fossils of a new human 
Promoting free trade does not have to be complex; it is best achieved by limiting government intervention through tariffs and subsidies.
Frank Arnesen, the Tottenham sporting director, has refuted suggestions that Jacques Santini #39;s surprise resignation was for anything other than the personal reasons already cited.
Northwest Airlines Corp. pilots will take a 15-percent pay cut during the next two years to help the airline survive in an industry beset by high fuel prices and low-cost competition.
Paris, France (Sports Network) - Marat Safin moved into the final of the BNP Paribas Masters with a straight-set victory over Guillermo Canas on Saturday.
Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen denied reports Saturday that Jacques Santini quit as manager because of a dispute over how the club was being run.
Bayern Munich have pleaded with Germany trainer Juergen Klinsmann to put an end to the bitter dispute between goalkeepers Oliver Kahn and Arsenal #39;s Jens Lehmann.
Warplanes bombed French peacekeepers Saturday, killing eight French soldiers and wounding 23, and French forces responded by shooting down government aircraft, French 
The Dutch government plans to crack down on Islamic extremists after the killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam, but politicians and intellectuals said on 
African Union mediators adjourned Sudan peace talks on Saturday to plan a new approach after failing to get the government and Darfur rebels to end a row over security issues.
The commander of a British regiment that lost three soldiers in a suicide attack near Baghdad had expressed security concerns before his unit was redeployed to aid US forces, a newspaper reported Saturday.
SACRAMENTO -- In a season with very few certainties, Celtics coach Doc Rivers knew he could count on two things in the upcoming weeks.
French forces destroy two Ivorian planes on the ground after an air strike kills eight French peacekeepers.
Colombian authorities apologise for demanding a tax return from a politician held by rebels for almost three years.
The Metropolitan National Horse Show was a reminder of how much of what one thinks of as fashion started in the equestrian world.
AFP - South Africa survived a late rally from Wales to get their bid for a Grand Slam off to a winning start with a thrilling 38-36 victory at the Millennium Stadium.
AP - Iraqi militants have released a Sudanese man who was kidnapped last month while working as an interpreter for a U.S. contractor, Sudan's Foreign Ministry said Saturday.
Critics who oppose any change in financial market structures are not helping regulators work more closely with the markets, the top US markets regulator said.
A half built Supercomputer being built for the US Government by IBM, already has a run at the title of the Worlds Fastest even though it is only partially complete.
South Africa withstood a brave Wales fightback to beat the hosts 38-36 the Millennium Stadium on Saturday and get their grand slam bid off to a victorious start.
The US Air Force launched a global positioning system satellite Saturday from Cape Canaveral, Fla. It was the 12th successful launch of the new-generation GPS IIR spacecraft.
South Africa coach Jake White was a relieved man after watching his side concede two last-gasp tries before hanging on for a 38-36 victory over Wales at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
When Paula Radcliffe dropped out of the Olympic marathon miles from the finish, she sobbed uncontrollably. Margaret Okayo knew the feeling.
Paris - Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained in an unchanged but still critical condition on Saturday, with his closest adviser insisting that a recovery was possible.
US President George Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun have agreed to accelerate efforts to end the crisis over North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons programs.
France's president orders his forces to destroy any planes breaking Ivory Coast's truce after eight French deaths.
President  Bush says he will reach out to allies abroad and sceptics at home, in his first radio message since re-election. 
Established Shiite parties and powerful upstarts are feuding, causing their leading cleric to try to pull them together to ensure that the Shiites clearly dominate the new government.
While Democrats placed their emphasis on the state's urban centers, the Republicans racked up votes in suburban and rural areas.
Rural and deprived communities worldwide are benefiting from the increased availability of computers.
AP - Twenty-three people died and three others were injured Sunday in an explosion at a coal mine in the Karaganda region of Kazakhstan, officials said.
Vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer in Novell Inc, Chris Stone is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities in life.
Chelsea have gone two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Red Sox have reportedly made a bid to lure free-agent pitcher Pedro Martinez back to the World Series champions.
Insurgents threatening to kill three UN hostages said Saturday that talks with Afghan and United Nations officials had been postponed for another day.
India #39;s home minister made his first visit to insurgency-hit Indian Kashmir yesterday as 15 people died in the latest violence.
One person has been killed and many injured after a train collides with a vehicle on a level crossing in Berkshire.
When one of NASA's rovers drills a hole in a rock on Mars some 200 million miles away, the commands come from Lower Manhattan.
AP - Minnesota Vikings star Randy Moss will miss a game for the first time in his NFL career, sitting out Monday night against the Indianapolis Colts with a strained right hamstring.
AP - A shipbuilder has agreed to stop using golfer Tiger Woods' name and a photograph of his yacht for financial gain.
AFP - A review of security at Australia's diplomatic missions around the world is under way following the bombing of its Jakarta embassy on September 9, the government said.
AP - Wildlife researchers leading a flock of young whooping cranes south for the winter are warning people to stay out of their way after an apparently curious ultralight pilot disturbed the endangered birds.
London - Several people have died and many more are injured after a high-speed train hit a car on a level crossing and derailed, Sky News reports.
Chris Stone, Novell #39;s vice chairman and a key leader of its transformation into a Linux company, resigned from the company Thursday.
Marat Safin has progressed to the final of the Paris Masters with a straight-sets victory over an angry Guillermo Canas of Argentina.
Aston Villa romped to a 3-0 Premier League victory over Portsmouth on Saturday as their South American connection paid dividends at Villa Park.
Deena Kastor celebrated her Olympic bronze medal in the marathon in Athens with an ice bath, a controlled meal of proteins and carbohydrates, and sleep.
SOUTH AFRICA escaped from the Millennium Stadium with their grand slam tour dream intact after being given an almighty scare by Mike Ruddocks new-look Wales.
Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing of China said here on Saturday that Beijing would oppose efforts aimed at referring the issue of Iran #39;s nuclear program to the Security Council.
KABUL: President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday pledged to fight terrorism offensively and promised full cooperation with Afghanistan during a visit to the Afghan capital.
(Article Central) Apple #39;s latest version of iTunes released last week has disabled an add-on program that allows people to transfer songs from their iPod.
 ATLANTA, Georgia (Reuters) - Tiger Woods posted a  five-under-par 65 on Saturday to join overnight leader Jay Haas  after three rounds of the PGA Tour Championship.
Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns Saturday as No. 18 Virginia Tech edged North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with about a minute left.
Minnesota Vikings receiver Randy Moss will sit out Monday night against the Indianapolis Colts with a strained right hamstring.
A Sudanese Cabinet minister slammed the latest UN report on Darfur, accusing the world body Saturday of overlooking violence committed 
Daniel Snyder has kept his distance perhaps more than any time in the five years he has owned the Redskins, entrusting Joe Gibbs with the development of the team.
North Carolina misses a potential game-tying 54-yard field goal with about a minute left and Virginia Tech prevails, 27-24.
AP - Kay-Jay Harris caught two scoring passes and ran for two other touchdowns to lead No. 15 West Virginia to a 42-21 victory over Temple on Saturday.
Amelie Mauresmo was handed a place in the Advanta Championships final after Maria Sharapova withdrew from their semi-final because of injury.
A group led by al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing which killed three British troops in Iraq.
Americans Venus Williams and Jennifer Capriati both crashed out of the Advanta Championships in Philadelphia on Friday. Sixth seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia upset Capriati 
CURT SCHILLING, who was instrumental in helping the Boston Red Sox win the World Series for the first time in 86 years, had a better year than people realize.
Quarterback Adam Fitch runs for 115 yards and scores a touchdown to lead Air Force to a 31-22 win over Army on Saturday.
THE ADVENTURE: Whooping cranes are making their migration from Wisconsin to Florida, guided by an ultralight plane and pilots dressed to look like cranes.
Mrs Flanigan and two other UN officials were snatched in the capital Kabul last week while monitoring the countrys presidential election.
Tiger Woods put together his best back-to-back rounds in more than four years. The result was a share of the 54-hole lead.
Football players aren #39;t into moral victories. It goes against the grain of their rough exteriors and win at all cost mentality.
Eight French peacekeepers were killed and 23 wounded yesterday in an attack by the Ivory Coast military on a rebel region after a ceasefire collapsed in the war-torn west African nation.
Crucial tests to establish whether Yasser Arafat is brain dead have not been carried out by a Paris hospital, a French newspaper reported yesterday, leading to claims that 
Four people were believed to have been killed and 130 injured last night when a passenger train derailed after striking a vehicle at a level crossing.
AFP - Six people were killed and 11 were seriously hurt when a high-speed train derailed after colliding with a car at a rural crossing in southern England, officials said.
AP - Chelsea became the new Premier League leader Saturday when it beat Everton 1-0 while Arsenal was held to a 1-1 tie at Crystal Palace.
AP - President Bush is striking twin themes for a second term, vowing to fight hard for his political agenda while reaching across the aisle to Democrats.
 ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Loud explosions rocked Ivory Coast's  main city of Abidjan early on Sunday and heavy gunfire could be  heard.
Has a close relationship to the railroad industry dulled the Federal Railroad Administration's enforcement edge?
THE war between two of South Africas largest gold companies is set to intensify this week as the battle moves from the stock market to the courts.
Chelsea went two points clear at the top of the Premier League after they beat Everton 1-0 and struggling champions Arsenal were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace Saturday.
Schilling was expected to be seen by doctors on Sunday. He had originally been scheduled for an exam Friday, but a conflict pushed that date back to Saturday.
Tennessee quarterback Erik Ainge exits with a separated shoulder and Notre Dame capitalizes with an interception return for a touchdown to get by the No. 9 Volunteers, 17-13, on Saturday.
The news report, based on voluntary spontaneous event reporting to Canadian Health authorities, is misleading. The story is not supported by any clinical or epidemiological studies and has the potential to 
Chelsea went two points clear at the top of the Premier League after beating Everton 1-0 and struggling champion Arsenal was held to a surprise 1-1 draw by promoted Crystal Palace yesterday.
AFP - Dutch unions, employers' organisations and the government reached an agreement on the government's hotly contested austerity and reform plans.
A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care, adding to the confusion about his fragile health.
AT LEAST six people were killed and around 150 injured last night after a high-speed train packed with hundreds of passengers hit a car on a level crossing and derailed.
At least six people have been killed and 40 injured in a train automobile collision west of London, the BBC reported late Saturday.
AP - New England Patriots wide receiver Deion Branch will miss his sixth straight game because of a knee injury.
Variety - Lions Gate Films Intl. has inked to sell foreign distribution rights to the Marvel/Lions Gate slate of animated made-for-DVD features.
Style and design are not the only issues filling the days of Robert A. Lutz. Increasingly, much of his attention has also been focused on the cost side.
Quarterback Jason White, last year's Heisman winner, passed for five touchdowns as No. 2. Oklahoma escaped from No. 22 Texas A M.
Unbeaten Barcelona continued their imperious progress in the Primera Liga when they came from a goal down to beat Deportivo Coruna 2-1 at the Nou Camp on Saturday.
A high-speed passenger train ploughed into a car at a level crossing and derailed here on Saturday, killing six people and injuring dozens, 11 of them seriously.
AFP - Buddhists in southern Thailand say they are living in fear of attack by militants out of revenge for the violent deaths of 87 Muslims at the hands of Thai security forces.
AP - President Bush's conservative coattails, geography and campaigns crafted to take advantage of both helped Republicans to a four-seat gain in Senate elections this year.
\Angry mobs in Ivory Coast's main city, Abidjan, marched on the airport, hours after it came under French control.
A controversial referendum on legislation that would give Albanians greater autonomy gets under way in Macedonia.
More than 60 were wounded in a rash of suicide bombings and attacks, as U.S. forces prepared for a possible assault on Fallujah.
French troops clashed with soldiers and angry mobs Saturday after government warplanes killed at least nine French peacekeepers and an American civilian in an airstrike.
China on Friday protested against US actions to impose quotas on textiles, saying the move violated World Trade Organization principles and would harm bilateral trade.
President Bush has turned his attention to domestic policy, seeking to leave historic stamps on the graduated tax code, the health care system and Social Security, all hallmarks of Democratic rule.
 It's a single glass case in an 18,200-square-foot exhibition, but it's likely to draw more flak than its size would suggest.
Disappearance of shoulder-fired missiles has prompted intelligence analysts to increase sharply their estimate of the number of such weapons that may be at large.
JERUSALEM : Two Palestinians were killed near the Israeli settlement of Neve Dekalim in the Gaza Strip in a clash with Israeli troops, an Israeli military spokesman said.
DeShawn Baker runs for 151 yards on 26 carries as South Carolina State beats Howard, 23-16.
Aggadan barrels through the pack on the homestretch to seize the Challedo Stakes at Pimilico on Saturday.
This area is footballs mecca -he Hall of Fame is about an hour away, in Canton  - the fans here have been deprived of good football for so long.
The molecular structure of Vioxx. The drug approval process for drugs like Vioxx in Canada is largely controlled by the pharmaceutical companies that develop them.
Light welterweight king Kostya Tszyu crushes Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix to end a 22-month exile from the ring.
France says the European Union and Iran have made  quot;considerable progress quot; towards reaching a preliminary agreement on Tehran #39;s nuclear program at talks in Paris.
Boston smacked its hosts around and pinned a defeat on the Knicks, who absorbed their most lopsided home-opening loss.
Paul Pierce scores 28 points, and the Celtics win for the first time this season in the Knicks' home opener.
Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade has quietly risen to the elite level of future superstars that includes fellow 2003 draft classmates LeBron James and Carmelo Anthony.
HAVANA, November 6 (Itar-Tass) - Cuba is developing trade with US companies despite the continued blockade that the Americans imposed on it 40 years ago.
 quot;There is nothing wrong with your television set. Do not attempt to adjust the picture. We are controlling transmission. quot;.
Aston Villa manager David O #39;Leary is close to agreeing and finally putting pen to paper on a new deal with the Birmingham club.
KOSTYA TSZYU looked anything but rusty today as he dismantled Sharmba Mitchell in less than three rounds to retain his International Boxing Federation super lightweight title.
Paula Radcliffe has never faced the kind of pressure she will encounter when she runs in the New York City Marathon here today. Just 10 weeks after failing so dramatically to complete the Olympic marathon 
The No. 2 Oklahoma Sooners would like the poll voters out there to understand just how difficult a task they accomplished Saturday.
More than 30 people were killed and more than 60 wounded in a rash of suicide car bombs and mortar and rocket attacks in the Sunni Triangle on Saturday as US Marines 
Takoma Park 140-pounder Sharmba Mitchell has won eight consecutive fights, including three in the last eight months, and says he #39;s never felt better.
Wal-Mart said Saturday that higher shopper traffic in the past week raised its comparable-store sales above the previous year. Free!
William Donaldson, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, said Friday that the securities industry has improved its corporate governance standards in the past year but 
At least 22 officers have been killed in attacks on police targets in the western Iraqi province of al-Anbar.
For several months now, South Floridian early birds have been treated to a lovely sight above the eastern morning horizon before sunrise.
Its one of the oldest techniques in the book. When an issue arises, and youd rather not talk about it, give the media something else to discuss.
Eritrean minister denies report that 20 people were killed in an overcrowded prison after a crack down on draft dodgers.
With a US-led offensive on Falluja apparently imminent, rebels hit back with attacks in Samarra, Baghdad and Ramadi, another rebel-held city.
As if on cue, US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair this week both repeated their determination to push ahead with efforts to resolve the Arab-Israeli conflict.
ATLANTIC CITY, NJ -- In seven Atlantic City casinos Thursday, the drinks will be poured and the beds made by union workers, ending a monthlong strike.
As retailers collect more personal information into databases, computers are handed increasing power to make decisions about consumers' lives.
Mayor Anthony Williams, pushing for baseball on the Anacostia, has canceled a meeting Monday with the D.C. Council he must sway.
Cedric Benson scores five touchdowns on Saturday night, highlighting a 49-point rally that sends No. 6 Texas to a stunning 56-35 win over No. 19 Oklahoma State.
After suffering its biggest casualties since its peacekeeping operation began in Ivory Coast two years ago, France is stepping up pressure on Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo to cease all military action.
Because this is the NBA, and not Broadway, the Knicks will get to play 80 more games this season instead of having their show close after one night.
Insurgents launched deadly attacks Sunday against police stations in western Anbar province for the second day in a row, killing at least 22 people, police and hospital officials said.
In the deal announced Friday Verizon Wireless is buying the remaining cellular capacity from NextWave Telecom for \$3 billion in cash.
Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, this week took legal action against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
Truly magical moments in college football history come only every so often, and Oregon State didn #39;t experience one Saturday night at Reser Stadium.
The 35th running of today #39;s New York City Marathon will test Meb Keflezighi, Paula Radcliffe, Deena Kastor and several other 2004 Olympians.
Former Labour deputy leader Lord Hattersley today criticised the Prime Minister for his unstinting support of US President George Bush.
As a walk-on player with the 2001-02 University of West Virginia basketball team, Aubrey Guastalli wore uniform No. 13.
Michael Kors was 12 when he designed his first handbag, a fringed suede shoulder bag with whipstitching that he ended up selling to a neighbor.
Resisting the temptations of the mutual-fund performance chase isn't as easy as it may look.
AFP - President George W. Bush's election victory has won him the right to give the US Supreme Court, which plays a key social role, a much stronger conservative leaning.
President Roh Moo-hyun and US President George W. Bush vowed to press ahead with multilateral efforts to coax North Korea to give up its nuclear ambitions.
After ending New England #39;s 21-game winning streak last week, the Steelers have a shot at beating the league #39;s last undefeated team this season.
Lowly Reggina handed Italian league leader Juventus its first loss of the season Saturday, beating the Turin powerhouse 2-1 in the 10th round.
What keeps these scientists up at night is the idea that global politics may prevent them from knowing until it's too late that a flu pandemic is brewing.
A Wall Street analysis suggests the Vioxx recall may cost the pharmaceutical firm Merck as much as \$18 billion over the next decade.
Now that President Bush has been re-elected and the Republicans have increased their majorities in both houses of Congress, what does it mean to American investors?
CHAPEL HILL -- They came down from the hills Saturday, down from the hot springs and natural bridges of Virginia, deep into the heart of ACC darkness.
PARIS : Eurozone indicators to be released in the coming week should confirm that the pace of economic growth slowed in the third quarter, economists say.
com. Banks that issue Visa and MasterCard credit cards can now also offer customers American Express and Discover cards. OK, so the Earth didn #39;t move.
One of the top 10 spammers in the US has been sentenced to nine years in prison for illegal spam activities under Virginia #39;s anti-spam law.
WASHINGTON -- The black eye that goalkeeper Matt Reis was sporting as he stared down the next DC United penalty kick taker told the story.
BHUBANESHWAR, India Nov 7, 2004 - India on Sunday tested a nuclear-capable ship-launched missile off its eastern coast, an official said.
Kashmiri separatists gave a cautious welcome on Sunday to India #39;s offer to allow them to visit Pakistan and said it could help to restart a stalled dialogue process.
Berkshire Hathaway, the company run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, reports a drop in quarterly profits after hurricanes cost it \$816m (439m).
France readied a UN resolution that seeks an arms embargo on the Ivory Coast after nine French soldiers and an American civilian were killed in a government bombing raid.
CLAMART, France: A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said Saturday that the ailing Palestinian leader had undergone further medical tests and that results were expected within days.
Troops from the Black Watch regiment have begun a major operation in central Iraq.
Admirers from near and far gathered in Congressional Cemetery Saturday to mark the 150th birthday of march king John Philip Sousa.
The European Central Bank has little appetite for halting the euro #39;s climb against the dollar just yet and only very rapid moves toward \$1.
AP - Voters on Sunday cast ballots on a referendum that would repeal a Western-brokered law that effectively grants local autonomy to the country's ethnic Albanians.
LONDON Firefighters and police continue to search the wreckage of a train crash west of London to make sure no casualties have been missed.
Fans of sailing can watch one competitor in the Vendee Globe challenge from the convenience of their mobile.
French troops in Ivory Coast have been accused of over-reacting and killing up to 30 unarmed civilians in retaliation for the killing of nine French peacekeepers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ratified a pact with the EU, extending a standing trade agreement with the bloc to its 10 new members, a presidency statement said on Saturday.
SBC Communications, one of the biggest US phone companies, is planning to cut more than 10,000 jobs, or about 6 of its workforce, by the end of next year.
Telecoms group BT was today being linked to a surprise return to the US market after a report said it was about to make a one billion US dollar acquisition.
Iran said on Sunday that the nuclear negotiations with the European Union (EU) in Paris were complicated but progressing, the official IRNA news agency reported.
British police voiced astonishment on Sunday that so many people survived a high-speed crash of a 300-passenger train that rammed into a car at a rail crossing, killing six people.
An Iraqi firefighter arrives to the scene of a burning vehicle after it came under attack by unknown gunmen in the center of the capital Baghdad, Nov. 7, 2004.
Israel could ease tough closures on Palestinian areas if Yasser Arafat dies so as to encourage the emergence of a moderate successor and a ceasefire by armed groups, political sources say.
The Sudanese government has accused the UN of partial responsibility for the deterioration of the conflict in the western region of Darfur.
Cotton farmers in some Indian villages are flocking to buy Coca-Cola and Pepsi, believing that the sugar in the fizzy drinks kills pests.
TOKYO -- Yes, the greatest pitcher ever to wear a Red Sox uniform was happy to see his former team finally win a World Series.
If Lehman Brothers had come through for Eric Johnson, the Seahawks would be breathing easier this afternoon.
Darryl McKinnon scored the winning goal early in the third period as Colgate took a 4-1 decision over Harvard yesterday afternoon at Hamilton, N.Y.
Freshman Derek Zoch kicked a 27-yard field goal with 2:54 remaining to give visiting Penn a 16-15 victory over Princeton yesterday for its 20th straight Ivy League win.
If yesterday's MSTCA Invitational at Franklin Park was a warmup for next week's Eastern Massachusetts championships, then Haverhill's Jefferson Welch should consider himself ready.
AVONDALE, Ariz. -- What should be a joyful and hopeful time for Jimmie Johnson has instead been bittersweet.
With the president in attendance, senior fullback Kyle Eckel rushed for a career-high 179 yards as Navy defeated Army for the fifth time in six years.
Military #39;s approach comes under fire from UN representative, who questions wisdom of the push for an early election. By Sameer N. Yacoub.
&lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; No more Mr Nice Liberal, apparently...
Nokia has taken legal action to force smaller French rival Sagem to withdraw its flagship mobile phone and pay damages as it accuses Sagem of copying its designs.
In his strongest comments yet, Lance Armstrong said he was unsure if he would ride in next year #39;s Tour de France because he wants to compete in other cycling races.
INDIA today tested a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead off its eastern coast, defence sources said.
Reuters - Italians largely oppose gay marriage with\61 percent rejecting homosexual wedlock and even more opposed\to adoption for same-sex couples, a poll on Sunday showed.
New Delhi - India test-fired a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead off its eastern coast on Sunday, an Indian news agency reported.
CORVALLIS -- When Oregon State played at Arizona last week, the Heisman Trophy was on display at the University of Arizona campus in Tucson.
Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
Iraq #39;s interim government declared a state of emergency for 60 days on Sunday to quell violence gripping the country ahead of January elections.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair will seek this week to use his support for President Bush in Iraq as a lever for greater US commitment to the quest for peace in the Middle East.
TWO US convoys came under attack today in and near Baghdad, leaving one US soldier dead and another injured, the US military said.
AFP - Myanmar's ruling junta openly accused its former premier of corruption and said he was sacked to prevent the disintegration of the country's powerful military.
CHICAGO (AFP) - Bankrupt United Airlines is seeking another two billion dollars in labour savings from its workforce, according to papers filed with a US district bankruptcy court.
Linda Coyle, a science teacher at Mountain Trail Middle School in the Paradise Valley Unified School District, was recently named Arizona Middle School Science Teacher of the Year by the Arizona Science Teachers Association.
Atlanta - Maybe Tiger Woods knew what he was doing after all. On the verge of becoming just another millionaire golfer, Woods finally put his new swing to good use.
News Corp. reported net profit of \$536 million for its first quarter, up 27 percent on the same period last year. Revenues rose by 12 percent to \$5.
Israel raises Palestinian hackles by planning a Gaza burial for Yasser Arafat as he lies ill in a Paris hospital.
Thailand's prime minister  visits the southern town where scores of Muslims died in army custody after a rally.
Matt Leinart led top-ranked U.S.C. shook off the fog and an early Oregon State threat to beat the Beavers.
Militants who say they are holding three foreigners hostage in Afghanistan say talks are about to open.
An off-duty policeman watched a train plough into a car on a level crossing  in Berkshire, killing six people.
LIANG BUA, IndonesiaThe discovery of remains of a tiny human closely related to man on the remote Indonesian island of Flores and tales of hobbit-like creatures 
Former US Open champion Corey Pavin finished third Sunday in the inaugural Vietnam Masters, which was won by Angelo Que of the Philippines.
PASSENGERS who survived a high-speed rail smash that killed six people, last night spoke of their terror as they realised the train was crashing.
AFP - The African Union mandated South African President Thabo Mbeki to launch an urgent mission to resolve the crisis in Ivory Coast.
Reuters - Thousands of people in Indian Kashmir staged a protest on Sunday, alleging that soldiers had raped a 10-year-old girl and her mother, police and witnesses said.
The delirious fans of the Boston Red Sox are confident that a World Series victory has  quot;reversed the curse quot; supposedly afflicting them since 1918.
THE US today warned its citizens against travel to Ivory Coast, citing a  quot;volatile quot; security situation throughout the country and a high risk of violence against foreigners.
An off-duty policeman watched as a high-speed train hit a car on a level crossing killing six people, including the car driver on Saturday evening.
Japan #39;s prime minister Sunday has vowed to make the country #39;s defense forces better able to fight terrorism and any attackers who would use weapons of mass destruction.
Bruce Wasserstein, the combative chief executive of investment bank Lazard, is expected to agree this week that he will quit the group unless he can pull off a successful 
A fundraising concert will be held in London in memory of the hundreds of victims of the Beslan school siege.
The Ministry of Commerce filed a protest Thursday over the possible imposition of quotas in the United States on five categories of garment imports.
One of the world #39;s top thinkers on climate change, Eileen Claussen, says more than just the Kyoto Protocol is needed to tackle the issue.
Britain #39;s world record holder Paula Radcliffe won the women #39;s New York marathon Sunday in an unofficial two hours 23 minutes seven seconds.
Insurgents unleashed attacks yesterday that killed at least 19 Iraqis in Samarra and wounded 20 US troops near Ramadi, in an apparent 
A rail accident occurred near the British town of Newbury, killing six people according to first estimates. Over 100 people were wounded in the accident, 30 of them heavily.
SRINAGAR: Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil on Sunday stated that, If proper application is made, the Hurriyat leaders could be sent to Pakistan.
Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra is visiting the southern town of Tak Bai, where scores of minority Muslims died under arrest two weeks ago.
An anti-nuclear protester  dies after his leg is severed by a train carrying atomic waste from France to Germany.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Britain's world record holder Paula  Radcliffe won the women's New York marathon Sunday in an  unofficial two hours 23 minutes seven seconds.
PARIS (CBS) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.
Reuters - With the election in the rear view\mirror, this week Wall Street faces the next big obstacle --\higher interest rates.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived on Sunday night to participate in the India-European Union summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalized.
United Airlines warned yesterday that it would need to cut a further \$2 billion from its annual costs in an effort to return the airline to profitability and attract external financing to exit bankruptcy.
Under pressure to reduce greenhouse gases, top Canadian officials are pushing for the government to follow California #39;s sweeping plan to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from cars and trucks.
World record holder Paula Radcliffe put the trauma of the Athens Olympics behind her on Sunday to win a dramatic victory in the closest finish ever to the women #39;s New York City marathon.
For two years, many have contended that Kostya Tszyus absence from the ring had kept the rest of the junior welterweight division on hold.
Marat Safin of Russia returns the ball to Guillermo Canas of Argentina during the semifinal of the BNP Masters indoor tennis tournament in Paris, Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.
London - Manchester City held fierce crosstown rivals Manchester United to a 0-0 draw on Sunday, keeping the Red Devils eleven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Mauro Rosales scored two goals as Ajax Amsterdam moved into fourth place in the Dutch First Division soccer league with a 3-1 win over Willem II Tilburg on Sunday.
Mike Goolsby could see only green grass between him and the orange-and-white checkerboard pattern in the end zone Saturday. As the Notre Dame linebacker rumbled along the 
Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi has declared a state of emergency for 60 days, his spokesman said on Sunday. The emergency declaration excludes Iraqi regions run by Kurdish peoples 
(CBS/AP) A senior aide to Yasser Arafat said early Sunday that the ailing Palestinian leader was not comatose but still in intensive care.
Manchester City stand firm to deny United in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford.
 TORONTO (Sports Network) - The Portland Trail Blazers fined  forward Zach Randolph for missing the team flight to Toronto,  where they will meet the Raptors Sunday afternoon.
Reuters - The Portland Trail Blazers fined\forward Zach Randolph for missing the team flight to Toronto,\where they will meet the Raptors Sunday afternoon.
TEHRAN (MNA) - After 22 hours of intense negotiations in Paris, Iranian and European representatives announced an initial agreement on the complete framework for further nuclear talks.
BRITISH Prime Minister Tony Blair will pull off a major diplomatic coup this week by flying to Washington for an Iraq war summit with US President George W. Bush.
It is a management truism that low morale among workers leads to low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.
A key food source for Antarctic seals, whales and penguins has declined about 80 percent since the 1970s in waters near the Antarctic Peninsula, researchers report.
Manchester United #39;s title ambitions took another blow on Sunday when they were held to a goalless draw at home by derby rivals Manchester City and had Alan Smith sent off.
Macedonia #39;s national referendum on abolishing local autonomy for the country #39;s restive ethnic Albanian minority appeared to have failed Sunday, early turnout figures suggested.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is scheduled to hold talks with newly-re-elected US President George Bush in Washington Thursday and Friday.
BRUSSELS: India is all set to open talks on Monday to forge a strategic partnership with the European Union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
Gas prices fell nearly 3 cents per gallon over the past two weeks, reversing a trend that saw the price rise about 18 cents since early September, a national survey said Sunday.
A triumphant Paula Radcliffe put her Athens nightmare behind her by winning the New York City marathon today and declared: Its good to be back.
Martin Jol would embrace Tottenham #39;s tradition of flowing, passing football if he is appointed as the full-time replacement for departed head coach Jacques Santini.
Both Paula Radcliffe of Britain and Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa got a bit of redemption after a disappointing Olympics.
AP - Bills right tackle Mike Williams appeared to be knocked cold and was driven off the field in an ambulance during the third quarter of Buffalo's game against the New York Jets on Sunday.
Samuel Etoo tapped home from Ludovic Giuly on 36 minutes as Barcelona moved six points clear in Spain with a 2-1 defeat of visiting Deportivo la Corua.
Barcelona defender Juliano Belletti will be out of action for about two weeks after suffering a slight ankle strain during Saturday #39;s 2-1 victory over Deportivo Coruna.
Reuters - France said on Sunday two French\reporters held hostage with their Syrian driver in Iraq were\still alive a few days ago.
The Iraqi government declared a 60-day state of emergency Sunday in response to the escalation of violence by militants. The emergency declaration covers the entire nation, with 
British Black Watch troops are blocking a key bridge on the River Euphrates in the regiment #39;s biggest mission since it was redeployed to Iraq.
Hezbollah sent a reconnaissance drone into Israeli territory over northern Jewish settlements Sunday in the first hostile aerial incursion from Lebanon since a hang glider attack 17 years ago killed six soldiers.
A train carrying a shipment of highly radioactive waste was on its way to a German storage dump on Sunday, after being delayed for two hours by anti-nuclear protestors in eastern France.
In the grisly video game Manhunt, players lurk in the shadows and use plastic bags, shards of glass and hammers to murder their enemies.
Angelo Que of the Philippines carded a final-round 70 on Sunday to capture a two-stroke win in the inaugural Vietnam Masters golf tournament.
Title hopefuls AC Milan and Inter Milan were held to draws in Serie A on Sunday failing to take full advantage of leaders Juventus #39; first defeat of the season.
Many thought Hendrik Ramaala of South Africa might never get the hang of the marathon.
More than 10,000 US forces are poised to attack and occupy the rebel operations base of Fallujah.
The Steelers combined their new quarterback with Jerome Bettis to dominate the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.
The number of people who were killedwhen a high-speed train hit a car in southeastern England on Saturday rose to seven Sunday, including the drivers of both the car and train.
Faced with a surge in deadly guerrilla attacks, Prime Minister Ayad Allawi declared martial law across most of the country today as American and Iraqi troops made final 
Thirty-three people have been killed and 14 injured after a minibus and a truck collided on a desert road in southern Egypt on Sunday, police sources say.
The impending attack could decentralize the Iraqi insurgency and increase the risk of violence during elections.
Mobs of government supporters looted French businesses and attacked French nationals Sunday.
The murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh underscores growing tensions in the Netherlands over Muslim integration.
AP - Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived here tonight to participate in the India-European Union (EU) summit during which a proposal for a strategic partnership will be finalised.
Chelsea #39;s assistant manager Steve Clarke insisted it was vital the side kept up the pressure on wobbling Arsenal by going top of the Premiership.
The finding was made by breeding mice that lacked specific receptor subunits and testing their response to nicotine. Mice lacking the subunit designated beta2 had reduced sensitivity to nicotine 
President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appealed to world Muslim leaders today to help secure the release of Filipino hostages in Afghanistan and Iraq as anxious relatives prayed for their safety.
THE UK should set up a dedicated police force to help companies protect themselves from terrorist attacks, says the Confederation of British Industry.
BT GROUP is likely to clinch a controversial \$1 billion (550 million) expansion deal this week in a third attempt to build a substantial overseas presence in America.
Yukos #39; core shareholder, Group Menatep, has taken the first step toward suing the Russian government, the Moscow Times reported this weekend.
TESCO, the UKs largest supermarket, is to go head to head with iTunes and Napster by launching digital music downloads on its website.
The worlds largest mobile phone maker Nokia presented three new camera phones on Tuesday, including the 7710 media device, which it said would hit Asian stores in the last quarter of this year.
THE sight of Paula Radcliffe crying at the side of the road as her dreams of marathon glory were shattered remains one of the lasting images of the Athens Olympics.
Jets quarterback Chad Pennington bruised his right shoulder Sunday and missed most of the fourth quarter in New York #39;s 22-17 loss to Buffalo.
Israel will allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in the Gaza Strip, the territory occupied by Israeli troops, if the Palestinian President dies.
Iran appeared yesterday to have reached a tentative deal with Britain, France and Germany that would avert the threat of United Nations sanctions over its nuclear programme.
MOSCOW: Russia celebrated a holiday on Sunday that under the Julian calendar was in October, that commemorates the beginnings of a state that no longer exists.
AVRICOURT, FRANCE - An anti-nuclear protester was killed in France Sunday when his leg was cut off by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany.
Crude oil futures may fall on speculation that rising production and slowing demand growth will boost inventories, a Bloomberg survey showed.
KOTA KINABALU: An AirAsia plane with 110 passengers skidded off the runway at the international airport here but all on board escaped without any serious injuries.
The polls are closed and results are starting to come in - finally. At times it seems as if the Enron scandal has been with us forever, lingering just 
AP - Adam Vinatieri beat the St. Louis Rams with his leg in the 2002 Super Bowl. This time, he used his leg and his arm.
This may be a calumny on Leesburg, Virginia, but somehow it doesn #39;t sound like the sort of place we would associate with a liberal judiciary.
World Boxing Association super lightweight champion Vivian Harris says he is interested in fighting International Boxing Federation (IBF) champion Kostya Tszyu.
Retief Goosen fires a 6-under 64 in the final round of the Tour Championship to overtake Tiger Woods's even-par round and win by four strokes.
AP - The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success  #151; again and again and ...
Michael Pittman scores three touchdowns as Tampa Bay holds off the Chiefs, 34-31, on Sunday, putting both squads at 3-5.
An official of Macedonia #39;s ruling coalition says Sunday #39;s referendum challenging ethnic Albanian autonomy will go down to defeat for lack of sufficient turnout.
TOP Palestinian politicians are to visit Yasser Arafat in hospital and consult doctors about his condition amid claims that the veteran leader has suffered liver failure.
AP - Seattle cornerback Ken Lucas left the field on a cart after bruising his chest Sunday in the Seahawks' game against the San Francisco 49ers.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. pulls away from Jeff Gordon Sunday in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway.
With the third  quot;ZY-2 quot; research satellite successfully entering into orbit on Saturday morning, China has accomplished the launch of its 40th satellite since October 1996.
The San Diego Chargers won convincingly for the second straight week, beating the New Orleans Saints 43-17 with sporadic rain drops raining down.
Yasser Arafat's top officials plan to travel to Paris to assess the exact condition of their ailing leader.
UK supermarket chain Tesco  launches an online music service it hopes will rival Apple's market-leading iTunes.
THE stock market is rising, but the dollar is falling. And the decline of the dollar is more likely to continue than the rally of the stock market.
About a dozen brokerage firms are suspected of failing to secure the best available price for stocks they were trading for their customers.
The anticipated release of Halo 2 is the latest and perhaps the best indication of how the blockbuster mentality of Hollywood has pervaded the videogame industry.
The number of jobs advertised in major Australian newspapers rose in October to the highest level since January 2001 as employers face difficulties finding workers as the economy expands.
Australia #39;s inflation rate was contained and gasoline prices may ease in coming months, Treasuer Peter Costello told reporters in Melbourne.
Stockland, Australia #39;s second-biggest property trust by market value, plans to make a proposal involving General Property Trust, the subject of aA\$7.
The Knowledge Learning Corporation has signed a deal to buy KinderCare Learning Centers, which operates preschool and child care centers, for \$550 million and the assumption of debt.
Adam Vinatieri hits four field goals and tosses his first career touchdown pass to help New England bounce St. Louis, 40-22, on Sunday.
The Chicago Bears stole the New York Giants' early-season formula for success - again and again and ...
Eight seconds into the game, the Arizona Cardinals lost a fumble. They sputtered on offense, committed nine penalties and blew a late lead.
The Detroit Lions dropped a second consecutive game on Sunday, falling 17-10 to the Washington Redskins -- and to .500 for the first time this season at 4-4.
TechWeb - Now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?
TechWeb - More Choices for BI on Linux; MySQL Might Have Jumped the Gun
AP - Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed Sunday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
AP - Macedonia's national referendum Sunday on abolishing local autonomy for the country's ethnic Albanian minority failed, authorities said.
AP - The Philippines' top envoy on Sunday appealed to Iraqi militants for the release of a Filipino accountant kidnapped earlier this month in Baghdad.
Social networking features are popping up on auction and shopping sites, allowing visitors to compare notes and turn e-commerce into a social experience.
Iran has moved against pro-democracy Web sites, blocking hundreds of sites in recent months and making several arrests.
A battle over copyright infringement on the Internet heats up. No, not over music. Over the classic 'Gone With the Wind.'
Buffalo football fans who were parked on barstools nonchalantly shrugged off Saturday night #39;s Big 12 big blowout. The second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners pounded the University 
Marketers are about to aim at the third screen: the one on the cellphone in your pocket.
The deliberate private creation of cellphone dead zones is an act bound to infuriate phone users and the cellphone industry alike.
Instead of a letdown after stopping the New England Patriots' winning streak at 21 games last Sunday, Pittsburgh pounded Philadelphia, which started the day 7-0.
The Giants coughed up three straight second-quarter turnovers and dissolved in a torrent of penalties in a baffling loss at Giants Stadium.
When Tiger Woods and Jay Haas faltered, Retief Goosen knew how to finish, with a brilliant six-under-par 64 and a victory at the Tour Championship.
D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp said Sunday that she appears short on votes to support her alternative proposal to construct a major league ballpark adjacent to RFK Stadium.
Senior Palestinian officials said they planned to travel to Paris on Monday to assess the health of the Palestinian leader and meet with doctors and French authorities.
AP - Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen added 24, leading the Seattle SuperSonics to a 113-94 victory over the San Antonio Spurs on Sunday night.
British business is facing increasing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs and there is no sign that this global trend is set to reverse, an industry survey shows.
Tokyo stocks dipped Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues fell 24.
Research shows consumers know very little about their credit score, yet that tally goes a long way to determining credit eligibility, the rate someone gets on loans and much more.
AP - A French anti-nuclear protester was killed Sunday in eastern France when his leg was severed by a train carrying radioactive waste to Germany, officials said.
AFP - German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer arrived in the West Bank for talks with the new Palestinian leadership ahead of a meeting later in the day with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
Leading supermarket chain Tesco has launched a music download service, entering a market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iTunes.
Millions of video-game enthusiasts will soon see if Master Chief can successfully defend Earth from an invasion of Covenant forces.
Giants quarterback Kurt Warner walked off the field looking a bit like a chastened child, eyes cast down, licking his lips. He did not yet know that Coach Tom 
A magnitude 5.8 earthquake has rocked northern Japan near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck in October.
Nintendo sold 500,000 Nintendo DS video game devices during the first week of sales in US stores for the new handheld featuring two screens for game playing, the Japanese game maker said Wednesday.
Firm's ReportNet product now is available for Red Hat Enterprise Linux running on IBM's pSeries servers.
President Bush is reveling in winning the popular vote and feels he can no longer be considered a one-term accident of history.
Each day, detainees in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, argue before anonymous military officers that they should not be there. The hearings have come under heavy criticism.
France sent 600 more troops to Ivory Coast's commercial capital, Abijan, as mobs rampaged against French expatriates.
American Special Forces and Iraqi troops seized a hospital considered a refuge for insurgents and a center of propaganda.
Job advertising in Australia #39;s major newspapers has recorded a significant jump, pointing to a rebound in employment growth in the lead-up to Christmas.
World record holder Paula Radcliffe rebounded from her Athens Olympics traumas on Sunday with a dramatic victory in the closest finish yet to the women #39;s New York City marathon.
Rebels shot dead 21 Iraqi policemen in cold blood on Sunday, a day after killing 34 people in attacks on security forces, in a clear show of force ahead of an 
Denver Broncos wide receiver Ashley Lelie reaches to catch a 40-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter against the Houston Texans in Denver, Sunday, Nov. 7, 2004.
Six people were killed and 11 seriously hurt Saturday when a high-speed train derailed after colliding with a car at a rural crossing in southern England.
Japanese automaker Honda says it plans to meet growing demand in China by boosting production at one of its two car-assembly plants there.
IRAQ declared a state of emergency in much of the country yesterday, based on the national safety law which was passed in July soon after the US-led coalition formally handed over power.
Some of Australia #39;s biggest property interests have placed their shares under a trading halt amid speculation of further major consolidation in the sector.
Novembers are defining months in the Mile High City. It #39;s around the time of year when Super Bowl teams gather confidence for the stretch run.
AP - A passenger bus returning to Egypt from Saudi Arabia collided with a truck Sunday, killing 33 people, police said.
Asia-Pacific leaders meet in Australia to discuss how to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of extremists. 
Washington area's job growth and well-educated consumers attract plenty of nationally-known retailers willing to compete for space, driving up rent prices.
The Chinese Government will trim spending next year in an effort to slow economic growth to a more sustainable pace. Vice Finance Minister Lou Jiwei says China will reduce the 
Hardly anybody likes the current tax system. But as President Bush undertakes the potentially historic task of coming up with something better, he is confronting 
The machine began life as a research project in 2000, is presently the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
America #39;s students are back to school, but it seems they have yet to learn their lesson about file sharing. Despite the efforts of digital music services, record 
 The Pittsburgh Steelers are doing things never seen before in the NFL, largely because of rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
Australian snooker star Eddie Charlton dies in New Zealand following an operation.
House price growth remains strong despite concerns about interest rate rises, Land Registry figures indicate.
US warplanes pounded Falluja on Monday as ground forces battled guerrillas on the outskirts of the rebel-held city that American and Iraqi forces were poised to storm.
Police in the Netherlands have arrested two men who allegedly called for the beheading of a Dutch politician in the name of Islam.
JENIN: Four Palestinian militants were shot dead in their car on Sunday by undercover Israeli forces here, Palestinian medical and security sources said.
New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was offered 200,000 to join a match-fixing syndicate in 1999.
Another dominating triumph against another unbeaten team raises the stakes: These Steelers just might be the class of the NFL. By Ed Bouchette, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen 24 to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to a shock 113-94 victory Sunday over the San Antonio Spurs.
Police say they are not assuming that a car driver committing suicide caused Saturday's rail crash.
A village in the Ligurian hills is home to one of Italy's first envrionmentally friendly schools.
Each day, detainees in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba, argue before anonymous military officers that they should not be in custody. The hearings have brought heavy criticism.
CAMARILLO, Calif. An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks.
Supermarket group Tesco is launching itself into the world of digital music with an online download service designed to take on the might of Apple #39;s iTunes.
The defense setup the offense all day, but a 41-yard touchdown run by Anthony Thomas in the fourth quarter helped seal the upset victory over the Giants.
US warplanes pounded Falluja early today as ground forces battled insurgents on the outskirts of the rebel-held city that American and Iraqi forces were poised to storm.
At least 21 Iraqi policemen were killed by an armed group that stormed a police station Sunday in a small town located 200 kilometres west of Baghdad, a police officer said.
Relatives of the three soldiers of the British Black Watch regiment killed in Iraq have lashed out at the UK government #39;s decision to send them into a more dangerous zone.
Gunmen stormed police stations in western Iraq on Sunday and shot dead up to 22 Iraqi policemen in cold blood, a day after attacks on security forces killed 35 people, police and witnesses said.
ELEANOR HALL: During the Federal election campaign the Howard Government stressed that interest rates were more likely to rise under a Labor government than under the Coalition.
An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
Firm set to release its first Linux desktop package since acquiring SuSE Linux and Ximian. Will it unseat Microsoft Office?
At SC2004 show, Dell and HP plan to unveil servers that can be networked into a single high-performance technical computer.
World's fastest supercomputer can now be yours for only \$1.5 million. Machine combines exotic and mainstream technology.
China will selectively reduce spending to help trim its ballooning fiscal deficit, state media reported Monday, citing top economic officials.
Around 200 fighters stormed a police station in Haditha, west of Baghdad, and another smaller station in the nearby village of Haqlaniya.
United States troops have stormed key areas of Fallujah just hours after two soldiers of the Black Watch battle group were seriously injured in an attack by a suicide bomber.
Comcast trials will provide a big clue about the software giant's prospects for cable success.
TOKYO (CBS.MW) - South Korea #39;s anti-monopoly watchdog said Monday it has expanded investigations into Microsoft Corp. after RealNetworks Inc.
Thai academics say policies in the country's south are not working, and call on Thaksin Shinawatra to apologise.
The first human trial of an artificial 'bio' kidney offers \hope of a working implant for patients, say experts.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- The wind and Willis McGahee are providing the Buffalo Bills a formidable 1-2 punch.
PITTSBURGH -- The Pittsburgh Steelers made certain there's nobody unbeaten now in the NFL, except for Ben Roethlisberger.
It's official. Weblogs matter. A few of them anyway. In the election cycle just ended, the blogs made a serious presidential candidate of former Vermont Governor Howard Dean.
TRENTON, N.J. -- Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike.
EBAY VENDORS were ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
A British industry survey has shown that business is facing increasing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs, with no sign that this global trend is set to reverse.
Lucent Technologies Inc. and two labor unions agreed yesterday to give themselves one more day to avoid a possible strike. Both sides faced a midnight 
Industry and regulators continue to intensify the fight against intellectual piracy, with the movie industry the latest to crack the whip.
Wireless Internet access, already pervasive in other cities, could debut at top Indianapolis locations such as the airport and the Convention Center as early as next year.
At the start of their work day on Sunday, Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes was the man with the reputation and big-time stats.
Plummer threw four touchdowns and Smith became the Denver Broncos #39; all-time leading receiver in a 31-13 victory over the Houston Texans.
Asked to freeze enrichment, Iran says its atomic plants geared solely to electricity generation, but it will never give up its right to develop such technology entirely.
Description: Dutch authorities have indicted seven people in murder of a provocative filmmaker. Theo Van Gogh made films critical of Islamic violence against women and insulted Christians, Jews and others.
Militants holding three foreign UN workers Sunday gave Afghan officials a list of 26 prisoners whom they want released, with Tuesday the new deadline.
ST. LOUIS -- How do you beat the Greatest Show On Turf with two rookie cornerbacks, one of whom just arrived from the practice squad?
It was three plays that stood out like Howard Stern in a crowd of pre-schoolers. Three plays that made your eyes bulge and mouth flap in disbelief.
If you allowed yourself to think the unthinkable and harbor dreams of a Texans playoff berth in 2004, this was your  quot;Stagger Lee.
An explosion blew the door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch town and shattered windows across the street Monday, Dutch television reported.
The international problems facing President Bush look no less daunting in the rosy dawn of a new term. But if Iraq stabilizes enough to give the president breathing room, the 
With the Cleveland Browns on the verge of forcing overtime, Ravens Pro Bowl safety Ed Reed entered the NFL record book with the longest interception in league history.
More than 200 European bird species, including 70 in the UK, are under threat, a study warns.
Oil prices slipped on Monday but held above \$49 a barrel as easing concerns about a winter supply crunch pulled the market further away from record highs set two weeks ago.
AFP - New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming said he was alarmed at the scale of planning Australia had put in to conquer their final cricket frontier in India.
The Food and Drug Administration announced Friday its intentions to conduct a major evaluation of its approach in dealing with safety concerns involving drugs, primarily those that are already marketed.
Better IT security and identity management is necessary if online commerce and e-government services are to succeed, RSA Security chief executive Arthur Coviello said.
Senior deputies to the Palestinian leader, Yasser Arafat, who is critically ill in France, are due to fly to Paris today to get first-hand information on his condition.
A referendum on territorial law that intends to give Macedonia #39;s Albanian minority greater autonomy failed to pass the turnout minimum, the Macedonian State Election Commission (SEC) announced Monday.
AFP - China and other Asian economies should brace themselves for possible severe trade friction with the United States due to large American trade deficits, a top US economist says.
AFP - The US-led military in Afghanistan expressed hope that three foreign UN employees being held hostage by suspected Taliban remnants would be freed soon.
Japanese car maker Mitsubishi, hit by a defect cover-up scandal earlier this year, posts heavy losses as sales plunge.
Airline British Airways reveals pre-tax profits more than doubled to 220m in the July to September period.
US giant General Electric sells a majority stake in its Indian outsourcing arm for \$500m to two private equity firms.
CBI director general Digby Jones says shifting jobs abroad will help UK firms  survive globalisation and raise staff skill levels.
DAVID Blunketts pregnant former lover and her family believe he colluded with Britains most salacious tabloid newspaper in a desperate attempt to break up her marriage.
Ghana's authorities are to decide whether to press charges against seven people held over a coup attempt.
Pitcairn Island selects its first woman mayor in its 214-year history after its former mayor - a convicted rapist - was sacked last week.
Animated film The Incredibles beats Disney/Pixar's previous US box office record for Finding Nemo.
Eight EBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly \$90,000 US in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
The University of Western Ontario is ranked third among Canada #39;s biggest universities in the annual Maclean #39;s magazine ratings that hit newsstands today.
Global warming (news - web sites) is heating the Arctic almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threatens the livelihoods 
Protecting your computer doesn #39;t have to be a life-changing experience. But you do need to be more careful now than ever before.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has laid the blame for his side #39;s recent lack of form at the feet of his expensively assembled strikeforce.
Marat Safin, back to his best with a record-equalling third Paris Masters title, hopes to be a match for world No1 Roger Federer next year.
A magnitude-5.9 earthquake rocked northern Japan this morning near the area where the countrys deadliest earthquake in a decade struck last month.
Hizbollah yesterday announced that a  quot;Mirsad 1 quot; unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) carried out its maiden mission over Israel.
British Airways PLC said Monday that net profit rose by 25.5 percent over the latest quarter and that passenger numbers also rose.
AP - Points were in abundance for some of the NFL's top teams, even in road games.
AP - Detroit at Los Angeles Clippers (10:30 p.m. EST). The defending NBA champs visit Elton Brand and the Clippers.
Blue Dart Express Ltd. said on Monday that the Indian promoters and Newfields Holdings Ltd. have decided to sell their shares, collectively constituting 68.
American forces have stormed key areas of Fallujah early in the day, in what appears to be the first stage of the long-expected assault on the city.
World News: London, Nov 8 : If your city #39;s increasing traffic leaves you with nothing but a headache, here is a godsend that promises to make life easier.
TWO British soldiers were fighting for their lives last night after being wounded in a suicide car bomb attack as a state of emergency was declared in Iraq.
AP - Well-wishers have created a makeshift shrine of flowers, candles and messages of support outside the hospital where Yasser Arafat is being treated.
Chelsea became the new Premier League leader Saturday when it beat Everton 1-0 while Arsenal was held to a 1-1 tie at Crystal Palace.
The Bears were losing 14-0 against the New York Giants after just 12 minutes Sunday, and a great many people in Giants Stadium had to believe the game was over at that point.
British Airways, Europe #39;s second-biggest airline, says second-quarter operating profit rose 23 percent on tighter costs and higher passenger numbers.
THE Reserve Bank has given homeowners an early Christmas present by effectively putting off an interest rate rise until well into next year.
Till now the adoption of Linux has been largely restricted to the server - thanks to disinterested ISVs and strong reluctance by Windows-only users.
BRUSSELS India is to open talks Monday to forge a strategic partnership with the European Union, a status so far restricted to just five big countries.
Commodities trader Noble Group Ltd. on Monday reported a more than six-fold rise in third-quarter net profit due to strong demand from China.
Asian stock markets closed mostly lower Monday, with prices falling in Tokyo on profit-taking. Tokyo #39;s Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues shed 77.
IBM and the Spanish government have introduced a new supercomputer they hope will be the most powerful in Europe, and one of the 10 most powerful in the world.
Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.
It #39;s getting very tight at the top of the Bundesliga with wins for Bayern Munich and Schalke 04 cutting Wolfsburg #39;s lead to just one point.
Two senior Chinese officials in Hong Kong are given long jail terms after being convicted of spying for the UK.
NEWS Corp, the media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, launched a shareholder rights plan today that appeared designed to fend off the possibility of a hostile bid.
Tokyo - Scandal-hit Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors said Monday its interim net loss nearly doubled to 146.16 billion and announced it was downgrading its full-year earnings forecast.
The Chinese economy risks a hard landing, according to an International Monetary Fund report on China #39;s economy published today.
TheSpaceShipOne team is handed the \$10m cheque and trophy it won for claiming the Ansari X-Prize.
Global warming is heating the Arctic almost twice as fast as the rest of the planet in a thaw that threatens millions of livelihoods and could wipe 
A number of former players and staff linked with Tottenham Hotspur Football Club have voiced their opinion on the sensational exit of manager Jacques Santini.
In football, as in virtually every other sport at all levels, it is pretty much the ultimate representation of pending submission.
: A magnitude 5.8 earthquake rocked northern Japan today near the area where the country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Uk.gov locks itself in for a generation
British Airways today reported further progress in its recovery as it made a half-year pre-tax profit of 335m, but said higher fuel costs remained a concern.
Microsoft makes a more concerted move into the living room with a freshened version of its entertainment-oriented operating system.
A new report has found that more than 40 per cent of all European bird species are threatened and may disappear soon due to intensive agriculture and climate change.
Six Republican additions to the Senate will bring Congress closer to passing a cloning ban in the United States, but probably not close enough. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Potassium iodide pills could ward off cancer in the event of a nuclear accident, but many states have refused to take freebies from the feds. By Randy Dotinga.
Unmanned aerial vehicles and other remote-controlled weapons are part of a high-tech arsenal the U.S. military is developing to help minimize casualties in battles with insurgents.
BT boosts its presence in the US by buying IT market leader Infonet, whose clients include the US government and 1,800 multinational companies.
Colombia accuses Diageo, Pernod Ricard and other spirits firms of selling to drug networks and thus helping them launder money.
BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned \$1bn acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecoms service provider.
Nature is fighting back in response to female promiscuity by producing a biological  #39;sperm #39; chastity belt, say US scientists.
The National Army of the Ivory Coast withdrew from their offensive against rebel-controlled villages after French forces destroyed the small Ivorian air force.
The two French journalists being held hostage in Iraq were still alive a few days ago and are likely to be freed, France #39;s foreign minister said last night.
Auburn #39;s last chance to get into the Orange Bowl and play for the national championship was to score an overwhelming victory over Tennessee in the Southeastern Conference championship 
Football Manager 2005 is the most realistic and satisfying football management game to ever grace the Earth.
You back my patent, I'll back yours. That could be the software giant's motto in its quest for intellectual property.
ManTech International Corp. of Fairfax won a \$19.3 million contract to provide engineering and technical services to Brooke Army Medical Center at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio.
Carlyle Group , among the biggest buyers of private companies, is busily expanding its corporate loan operation.
An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in U.S. prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
BT Group PLC said Monday it is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services Corp., in a deal that values the company at \$965 million.
NEWS Corporation yesterday invoked a poison pill defence mechanism in an effort to stymie any hostile ambitions that John Malone might have for the company.
The University of Waterloo has bumped the University of Guelph out of first place and into second in Maclean #39;s magazine #39;s annual assessment of comprehensive Canadian universities.
Farc rebels in Colombia  order all units to focus on killing President Uribe, who wants to seek re-election.
Novell today unveiled Linux Desktop 9, claiming that the platform is robust and complete enough to offer a viable alternative to Microsoft Windows on corporate desktops.
Despite the hype, we #39;ve been waiting fifty years for visionaries to come good on their promise of the freedom of the skies for the average Joe.
Corporate IT users are getting caught in the middle of another spin war between Microsoft Corp. and the Linux and Unix communities, most recently Novell Inc.
A Dutch court blocks the extradition to Turkey of a Kurdish woman said to be a top militant leader.
It is with mixed emotions that North Carolinians learn that two Raleigh residents are the first Americans to be convicted of felonious spamming.
Whether the 30-year-old marathon world record holder will achieve the global title she yearns for in the wake of her traumatic failure at the Athens Olympics remains to be seen.
Tottenham Hotspur will hold a press conference at White Hart Lane this afternoon when they are expected to confirm the appointment of Martin Jol as the permanent successor to Jacques Santini.
FRUSTRATED Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has left his misfiring strikeforce in no doubt there are no excuses for their current pitiful form.
To the delight of the fans in a city that made him famous, Franco Harris was wearing black and gold and back on the football field yesterday.
HE RULED Australian snooker for two decades and played a part in transporting the game from smoky suburban parlours to prime-time popularity.
The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Mohamed ElBaradei, has warned that the world faces a real threat from nuclear terrorism.
A district court in the Netherlands has blocked the extradition of an alleged Kurdish rebel leader wanted in Turkey for her suspected role in a series of bombings in the 1990s.
Talk about changing your tune: Shawn Fanning, whose Napster software made it possible for music lovers to get songs over the Internet without paying for them, is going legit.
American jets bombed targets in Falluja in the first stage of a long-expected invasion aimed at the center of the Iraqi insurgency.
Novell Inc. will begin shipping on Tuesday a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
New Delhi: Kashmiri separatist leaders have said that they are not under any pressure from Pakistan to be included as a third party in talks with the Centre.
Many United Airlines employees face a dimmer career outlook after learning the airline proposes wage cuts, job cuts and pension terminations to help pare \$2 billion from annual costs.
Wall Street is reportedly under investigation again for allegedly anti-competitive practices that regulators believe might put small investors at a disadvantage.
A second-place finish in his first tournament since getting married was good enough to take Tiger Woods from third to second in the world rankings.
Oh, that &lt;cite&gt;is&lt;/cite&gt; a gun in your pocket...
Soaring fuel costs continued to cast a shadow over British Airways today, despite better-than-expected half-year results from the airline.
Struggling United Airlines is rushing to again slash wages and to terminate pension plans in a bid to stem cash drain and satisfy lenders.
TESCO, the UKs biggest supermarket chain, is launching an online music service that it hopes will rival Apples market-leading iTunes.
If every Sunday was Christmas and every defense had as many holes as the Kansas City Chiefs, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would regularly be racking up five touchdowns, 418 total yards, 130 yards 
Macedonians showed the West they would not slide back towards ethnic division, largely ignoring a nationalist referendum that would have reversed a law giving the Albanian minority more rights.
Novell Inc. (NOVL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had reached a settlement with software maker Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.
British companies will move all the unskilled labour they can overseas within a decade, the head of the UK #39;s largest employers #39; organisation warned yesterday.
Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised third-quarter earnings guidance and increased the purchase price in its \$2 billion stock buyback.
Taser International Inc. on Monday said its stun guns were approved by the Department of Homeland Security #39;s Transportation Security Administration for use onboard a major international commercial airline.
Supermarket giant Tesco is hoping to take a slice of Apple #39;s pie with the launch of a new music download service. The service will launch as part of Tesco.
A MAN convicted of violating anti-spam laws by sending out tens of thousands of unsolicited emails using fake addresses faces nine years in prison in Virginia, US authorities say.
The machine began life as a research project in 2000, is currently the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, and has only four publicly announced customers.
Valencia president Juan Bautista Soler has laid the blame for the clubs #39; continuing slump squarely on the doorstep of the players.
Italian MotoGP rider Max Biaggi has broken his leg in training and will be out of action for at least two months, ANSA news agency reported on Monday.
Top Palestinian officials are heading to France today to ascertain the real condition of the ailing leader, Yasir Arafat. The officials, including Mr.
The United Nations said on Monday it was worried about the possibility of rising tensions along the Lebanese-Israeli frontier, and urged Beirut to exercise control over its side.
The US-led military in Afghanistan has expressed hope that three foreign UN workers being held hostage by suspected Taliban remnants would be freed soon.
Washington Post staff writer Jacqueline Salmon will be online to answer your questions on charities and charitable giving.
Media giant News Corp is planning a defence to block anyone from challenging the Murdoch family's control of the firm.
Microsoft will pay Novell \$536 million to settle an antitrust dispute. Novell plans to file a new suit againt Microsoft regarding word-processing software.
The European Union must embrace economic reform, trade commissioner-designate Peter Mandelson warns at the CBI's annual conference.
British Telecom is buying U.S.-based Infonet Services in a deal that values the company at almost \$1 Billion.
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. moved to ward off any hostile bid from Liberty Media with a plan to issue stock options to dilute the stake of any predator.
Congrats, Community! We've scraped together a Buffett-worthy chunk of change.
&lt;strong&gt;Preview&lt;/strong&gt; There's only one in Europe - and we had a look
The relief organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres finds 'staggering' death rates in Uganda's camps.
Furor over the legalization of out-of-state online alcohol purchases will soon reach the Supreme Court.
Enterprise security products that once focused solely on spam are broadening scope to tackle messaging issues, compliance violations, phishing scams, and viruses.
Computer Associates International (CA) will announce Monday that it has integrated an anti-spyware product from its purchase of PestPatrol with its own eTrust Security Management portfolio.
Media giant News Corp is mustering its forces to make sure the Murdoch family stays in control and to ward off a possible takeover bid.
Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread 
London - Tottenham appointed assistant Martin Jol as their new head coach on Monday, three days after the sudden resignation of manager Jacques Santini.
Symbol Technologies Inc. shares fell more than 5 percent Monday morning after the company said it may restate its 2004 financial reports because of errors.
A comprehensive scientific study of the Arctic climate has confirmed what Canadian Dene and Inuit have been saying for years: the North is melting, and faster all the time.
Former Tottenham skipper Gary Mabbutt believes the appointment of Martin Jol will mean a return to attacking football at White Hart Lane this season.
Honda MotoGP rider Max Biaggi suffered multiple fractures to his left leg after crashing in practise on Monday at the Latina circuit south of Rome.
The British government is considering a provisional agreement over Iran #39;s nuclear activities, a Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.
Updated OS includes software applications designed for business users.
Telecommunications service provider signs deal to take over Infonet for \$965 million.
The firm gets 90 of the take from Knowledge Learning's buyout of KinderCare.
Alaska Airlines plans to test a pay-to-eat plan on some flights in a move to cut costs.
Microsoft settled with Novell for \$536 million. Novell also intends to file a new suit againt Microsoft regrading word-processing software.
Negotiations in Vienna this week may give Europe the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor.
At least 18 miners have died and three are missing in a methane gas blast in Kazakhstan, officials say.
The BBC is to close some websites and invest in those that add "sufficient public value".
BT Group PLC is trying for a third time to crack the US market with the purchase of Infonet Services Corp. for a massive US\$965 million.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised earnings estimates as well as the price on its share repurchase program.
(WASHINGTON) - 9/11 victims have collected more than \$38 billion in compensation from insurance companies, the government and charities.
Novell will begin shipping this week a desktop version of its open source Linux operating system aimed squarely at enterprise users.
Though Microsoft has sold several million copies of its Xbox, the company has seen few successes with its first generation video game system.
As one developer prepares to move his application from Mac to Windows, others reaffirm their commitment to the platformdespite competing directly with Apple Computer Inc.
Minnesota #39;s 34-13 loss to the Giants last week ended a four-game win streak and shrunk its division lead to one game over the Lions and Packers.
Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland #39;s loss in Baltimore.
THE HAGUE - Police in the Netherlands say they suspect that an explosion at a Muslim school is related to the murder of a Dutch filmmaker.
IBM #39;s record-trouncing Blue Gene supercomputer will now be available with commercial configurations ranging from one-to-64 racks.
The Suez Canal is closed for the first time in 30 years after becoming blocked by a broken down oil tanker.
Johannesburg - Harmony on Monday accused Gold Fields Limited of diverting attention from its own shortcomings by trying to stop a hostile take-over bid in the United States courts.
Pfizer Inc. may strengthen the warning label for its painkiller Bextra to account for more information about a rare but serious skin reaction.
France yesterday sent a further 300 troops to bolster a retaliation operation against the government of Ivory Coast after nine of its soldiers were killed in an air raid ordered 
French armoured vehicles today took up positions near the home of Ivory Coast #39;s president as enraged supporters marched on the site fearing an attempt to oust him.
&lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Why dodgy metaphors don't help
David Blunkett #39;s former lover has asked to put her side of the story to the inquiry into his professional conduct, a newspaper has claimed.
Marvel's movies mean nothing to the bottom line without the right talent behind them.
A specific combination of drugs produced such encouraging results in blacks with heart disease that the trial was halted early so all the participants could take advantage of the therapy.
THE US Federal Reserve is set to press ahead this week with a further rise in American interest rates, with markets on alert for a signal of the pace and timing of future increases.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- The Transportation Security Administration has approved Taser International #39;s stun guns for use aboard a major international commercial airline.
HOUSTON An attorney for former Enron chief executive Jeffrey Skilling filed a motion today seeking to have his trial moved from Houston.
The dollar edged higher against the Swiss franc and the euro on Monday as traders took profits after the head of the European Central Bank said the euro zone unit #39;s recent 
Keeping tabs on your company's industry can help energize your portfolio's returns.
Legal costs associated with resolving software patent disputes will double if the European Union ratifies proposals to introduce US-style intellectual property laws, an industry group has warned.
SCIENTISTS claim to have discovered the reason that mens testicles are the size that they are: its all to do with the infidelity of our female ancestors.
Microsoft has begun giving all computer users early warning of security problems with its products, after drawing criticism for a similar program that only gave such warnings to some of its largest customers.
Retief Goosen overcame a four shot deficit to win the season ending Tour Golf Championship in Atlanta, Georgia. The South African player had a surprising come-from-behind victory.
BAYERN Munich put their painful midweek European defeat to Juventus behind them with a 3-0 triumph over Hannover at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday.
_ Southern California and Oklahoma remain one and two in the Bowl Championship Series standings released Monday, as the top five teams remain unchanged.
Jaromir Jagr is reportedly leaving the Czech league to play in Russia during the NHL lockout.
Tom Parker heads out for a sighting of the rare white elephant in Sri Lanka.
Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
H R Block's financial advisors unit was charged with fraud by the NASD for misrepresenting the risks to investors of Enron bonds.
AP - Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby was just a vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay won the NL award Monday.
AP - Eight eBay sellers were ordered to pay nearly  #36;90,000 in restitution and fines after admitting they bid up products online to inflate the prices.
AP - Alexei Kovalev became the latest NHL player to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in his native Russia.
AP - For a science that's about manipulating substances at the molecular level, nanotechnology is starting to bring big profits to many consumer product makers.
AP - A Sydney man was imprisoned for more than five years Monday for duping people into sending him millions of dollars in a global Internet ruse known as the Nigerian scam.
AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland's loss in Baltimore.
AP - Attorneys for the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape said Monday they might move her lawsuit to California because of Colorado's strict limits on financial damages.
PC World - Updated OS includes software applications designed for business users.
PC World - Software giant settles with Novell and the CCIA, ending years of legal wrangling.
TheDeal.com - The REIT bought a 4.3 stake worth  #36;330 million in the retailer, which has significant real estate holdings.
SiliconValley.com - It wasn't so long ago that Apple Computer encouraged us all to "Rip. Mix. Burn."
AP - Kmart Holding Corp. on Monday announced the launch of the Kmart Rewards credit card as part of an effort by the discount retailer to bolster customer loyalty.
Reuters - Mozart started listening to music before\he was born -- and by age 4 was already beginning to compose\his own.
AP - Russia launched a new model of booster rocket on Monday following two posptponements, news agencies reported.
AP - A proposal to send more water to Central Valley fields and Southern California neighborhoods could undermine ecological gains in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, environmentalists say.
AP - NASA scientists are studying autistic savant Kim Peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.
By reaching antitrust settlements with two additional litigantsNovell Inc. and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry AssociationMicrosoft Corp.
BT Group is poised for a surprise return to the US market with a planned US\$1 billion acquisition of Infonet Services, a California-based telecom service provider.
US Treasury prices fell on Monday despite a solid three-year note auction as the bearish tide that followed last week #39;s robust jobs report continued to sweep the market lower.
Across the Internet a muffled cheer rises to greet the news of a spammer sentenced to a nine-year prison term for sending junk mail to AOL customers in the Virginia-prosecuted case against 
A car driver who caused the Berkshire rail crash in an apparent suicide was named by police tonight, as the first tributes were paid to the victims of the tragedy.
Novell tomorrow will begin shipping Linux Desktop 9, a desktop version of its open-source Linux operating system that's aimed at enterprise users.
Novell Inc. today said it has reached a \$536 million settlement with Microsoft over antitrust issues related to Novell's NetWare network operating software.
President Thabo Mbeki is to visit the Ivory Coast today, the presidency and department of foreign affairs said in a joint statement.
Plus: Putting a face on technology could improve our interaction with hi-tech gadgets.
Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association have agreed to end their participation in the legal case against Microsoft in the European Union.
Insurance companies played the largest role in compensating people and businesses hurt by the Sept. 11 attacks, paying slightly more than half of the \$38.
SKOPJE, Macedonia--By staying at home last Sunday, the citizens of Macedonia demonstrated that they dont want to turn back the clock.
The software giant settles one legal claim with Novell over NetWare, but can't reach a deal over a second issue involving WordPerfect.
Four founders invite security giants to join push to test network software, to make sure it lives up to its promises.
LIBERTY Media #39;s move last week to grab up to 17.1 per cent of News Corporation voting stock has prompted the launch of a defensive shareholder rights plan.
Medarex (Nasdaq: MEDX) is best known for being a leader in antibody technology with its capabilities for generating human antibodies in mice.
The Bluetooth SIG has finalized the Bluetooth EDR spec for three times the bandwidth, and laid out its road map for the next years of Bluetooth.
NASA #39;s older Martian robotic rover, Spirit, has found evidence that underground water changed a major rock formation called the Columbia Hills, scientists said yesterday.
When the National League Rookie of the Year is revealed Monday, fans will get a glimpse into whether or not the writers favored numbers or intangibles.
Tottenham have confirmed that Martin Jol will take over as head coach following Jacques Santini #39;s surprise resignation on Friday.
The UN expresses concern over rising tensions on the border between Israel and Lebanon.
Kansas has been voted the top spot in AP's preseason college basketball poll, the time since Wilt Chamberlain played for the Jayhawks in the 1950s. Maryland is ranked No. 15.
Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
A US federal court halts proceedings at Guantanamo Bay against a former driver for Osama Bin Laden.
Police patrols are to be increased in a Dutch city where tensions are high after an Islamic school was bombed.
Dimon to acquire tobacco leaf rival Standard Commercial
Oakland shortstop Bobby Crosby is one vote shy of being a unanimous pick for AL Rookie of the Year, and Pirates outfielder Jason Bay wins the NL award Monday.
Microsoft settled with Novell for \$536 million. Novell also intends to file a new suit againt Microsoft regrading word-processing software.
US authorities have approved the use of Taser stun guns on commercial flights to and from the United States, the manufacturer has said.
The nation #39;s top telephone regulators are widely expected to decide on Tuesday to further deregulate Internet phone services from Vonage Holdings and others.
Mozilla #39;s Firefox browser continues to steal market share form Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer around the globe. According to a report released by a German Internet 
AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for a failed murder-for-hire plot to kill his agent.
Rising global temperatures will melt areas of the Arctic this century, making them more accessible for oil and natural gas drilling, a report prepared by the United States and seven other nations said on Monday.
While Halo 2 is already a huge hit for Xbox out of the box, parent company Microsoft hopes the ripple effect of Halo 2 lasts well into its next generation of gaming hardware.
Dell has teamed up with cluster-management app-maker Platform Computing Inc. to create a small but powerful rack-mounted server complete with open-source cluster-management tools.
In an effort to stem the spread of software patents in Europe, the Open Source Risk Management (OSRM) group has begun documenting the sources of innovation claimed by such patents.
A critical flaw in Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer Web browser could allow a hacker to take control of a computer, the world #39;s largest software maker said Wednesday.
FT.com - In theory, advertising agencies should love mobile telephones. What better way to reach consumers on the go?
Palestinian leaders rushed to Paris on Monday to check on the critically ill Yasser Arafat, but hospital officials said visiting rights were restricted - setting the stage 
A soldier from Britain  #39;s Black Watch regiment was killed and two others wounded in Iraq when a bomb exploded near their camp, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The Hague, Nov. 8:India and the European Union today decided to crank up their relationship by entering into a strategic partnership to deepen cooperation on key international issues of globalisation 
AP - TCU has gone from trying to become the first outsider to bust into the Bowl Championship Series to just hoping for a chance to play in the postseason.
AFP - US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage arrived in Islamabad for talks with Pakistani leaders on Iraq, Afghanistan and terrorism, the foreign office said.
SAN FRANCISCO Google and Microsoft were to separately introduce enhanced information-sharing services for Internet users on Thursday.
NEW YORK (Ticker) - Oakland Athletics shortstop Bobby Crosby capably filled some big shoes and was voted the American League Rookie of the Year on Monday.
A forthcoming version of Windows Server is designed for building supercomputers from clusters of PCs.
Appro's XtremeBlade uses a 12.25-inch chassis that can house blades with two, four or eight Opteron processors.
A senior Palestinian delegation headed to France to see Yasser Arafat, but it was unclear whether they would have access to the ailing leader after the hospital restricted 
One member of the Black Watch battlegroup has been killed and two more have been injured - one possibly seriously - in an incident north of Camp Dogwood, the Ministry of Defence said.
A blast outside a Catholic church in south-western Baghdad on Monday night killed at least three people and wounded 40, hospital sources said.
Security software maker has released updated versions of its offerings for home computer users.\
Report for British regulator calls for wireless technology to be more strictly controlled than in United States.
New version has improve file sharing, FireWire compatibility, built-in Safari, updated graphics drivers.
Newspaper publisher Knight Ridder Inc. on Monday named Steve Rossi, who had been president of its newspapers division, as its new chief financial officer.
 quot;Payments may have been made to Nigerian officials, quot; Halliburton says in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
But fresh antitrust suit is in the envelope, says Novell
As companies ramp up open-source deployments, expertise is in high demand and short supply. The costs of developing talent can add up.
The software titan's cable software will be offered to more than 500,000 customers in the company's hometown.
The Power5-based system is part of Big Blue's push to oust Hewlett-Packard from the top spot in high-performance set-ups.
Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.
Reuters - Outfielder Jason Bay became the\first Pittsburgh Pirate to win the National League Rookie of\the Year, as he was voted the honor on Monday.
Lucent Technologies Inc. said Monday that three of its former employees have been notified by the Securities and Exchange Commission that regulators are considering recommending civil action against them.
The US Treasury Department #39;s under secretary for domestic finance, Brian Roseboro, will resign resign effective Dec. 31, the department said on Monday.
Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. on Monday reported third-quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its PacSun and demo apparel chains.
AP - Six-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps was arrested last week and charged with drunken driving.
AP - The NFL agreed Monday to contract extensions with Fox and CBS to televise Sunday afternoon games for six more years, deals worth a combined  #36;8 billion.
UK retail giant Tesco has decided to launch its own online music store, complete with downloads from thousands of artists and one of the most open sharing schemes on the Internet.
In this artist #39;s conception, a plasma station, lower left, applies a magnetized beam of ionized plasma to the sails of a spacecraft bound for Jupiter.
AP - When Chad Pennington got hurt last year, the New York Jets had a hard time winning games.
The US government #39;s latest supercomputer, BlueGene/L, has been officially crowned the most powerful number cruncher on the planet.
Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is the default Web browser for Windows users, but it may not be the best choice for your organization.
SPOKANE, Wash. -- Pittsburgh Pirates outfielder Jason Bay, who won the National League Rookie of the Year on Monday, played at Gonzaga University.
NewsFactor - Novell (Nasdaq: NOVL) offer a new desktop version of Linux for its enterprise customers, the company announced Monday.
The announcement Monday that a preliminary agreement reached between Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers may be finalized soon is good news on several fronts.
The US has provided airlifts and pledged \$300 million to support African troops in west Sudan. By Abraham McLaughlin - staff writer and Duncan Woodside - contributor.
AP - Ray Bourque, the finest defenseman of his generation, entered the Hockey Hall of Fame on Monday with Paul Coffey and Larry Murphy.
AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.
Reuters - Lawyers for a Georgia school district\and a group of parents clashed on Monday over the\constitutionality of placing stickers that challenge the theory\of evolution on textbooks.
Billed as the biggest urban fight since Vietnam, US forces in Iraq launched a major assault at nightfall.
The US has provided airlifts and pledged \$300 million to support African troops in western Sudan.
Stocks edged up for the week, continuing a month-long rally in the face of mediocre economic news and more-positive developments from technology firms and energy markets.
Microsoft agreed to settle antitrust lawsuits with Novell and an industry trade group, marking the end of a decade-long antitrust battle.
Delta Air Lines Inc. said Monday that it has achieved \$50 million of an estimated \$135 million in additional liquidity that the company will need to meet financing commitments in early 2006 
Companies agree to incorporate software interoperability tools in e-commerce partnership.
A new version of the Bluetooth wireless specification and a three-year plan for more updates have backers hoping the technology will finally take off in the US market.
TORONTO (CP) - The aliens are landing on Earth on Tuesday, and more than 1.5 million video gamers have already signed up to stop them.
Chicago Bears offensive lineman Mike Gandy was waived Monday after starting five games for the team this season and 30 over the past three seasons.
Atlanta, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free agent forward/center Jelani McCoy on Monday and waived forward Anthony Miller.
WASHINGTON - Korean Air is the first airline granted permission by the federal government to carry electric stun guns aboard jetliners that fly within US airspace.
Two car bombs exploded in the Iraqi town of Samarra, north of Baghdad, on Saturday, killing eight people and wounding at least 20, police said.
Technical group outlines its wireless plans through 2006, updates current specification to trim power consumption.
Sources say FCC on Tuesday will further exempt Internet calls from state rules and taxes. But is cable a fly in the ointment?
After low turnout at the Boston Convention  #38; Exhibition Center, IDG World Expo moves the confab to the Hynes Convention Center.
GE is selling a 60 stake in GE Capital International Services, its business process outsourcing subsidiary in India, for about \$500 million.
Called the IBM eServer Blue Gene, the Power-based supercomputer employs a mix of cooling and clustering technologies and starts at \$1.5 million.
SBC Communications said in a quarterly filing that it will lay off 10,000 workers by the end of next year but plans to continue hiring in its wireless and broadband access divisions.
Novell this week spruced up a version of its Linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users.
With the holidays upon us, the thought of year-end tax planning is likely to induce headaches rather than visions of sugar plums. But if you want to boost 
Revamp of tools picked up from PestPatrol results in three products--two for businesses and its first for home users.\
The Federal Reserve is expected to hike rates following the Labor Department #39;s report on Friday that the US economy added almost twice as many jobs last month than Wall Street economists had predicted.
Western Wireless Corp., an operator of wireless services, on Monday said it swung a third-quarter profit but missed Wall Street expectations after taking hefty charges during the period.
IBM said in a press release that it is working with many national lab and universities to develop Blue Gene supercomputer applications in areas such as life sciences, hydrodynamics, quantum 
Nov. 8. - Scientists claim to have discovered the reason that mens testicles are the size that they are: its all to do with the infidelity of our female ancestors.
Four Palestinian top leaders arrived on Monday evening on board a private plane to visit Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, hospitalized in Percy military hospital since Oct. 29.
The United States on Monday updated a travel warning to Cote D #39;lvoire, citing violence and safety concerns in the African country.
Lynn Beach of Manchester, England, barely managed to unroll her
Women bosses in technology get plenty of bragging rights in a new Wall Street Journal ranking of the "Top 50 Women to Watch." Missing Links
Oracle says it will nix the claim unless PeopleSoft shareholders agree to sell at least half their holdings by on Nov. 19.
International Trading Co., of Houston, is voluntarily recalling about 73,590 additional pounds of turkey lunch meat due to possible underprocessing.
Computer Associates launched its first set of anti-spyware products on Monday, retooling the applications it acquired from PestPatrol for both corporate customers and consumers.
North American retailers first to receive Sony #39;s PC MMORPG; Standard and Collectors Editions should start arriving in stores tomorrow.
Nuggets shooting guard Voshon Lenard will be sidelined at least six months after surgery Monday on his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday the Sudanese government must end the violence in its western region of Darfur or face possible action by the United Nations.
Open-source software and off-the-shelf hardware make strong showing among the best of the biggest.
Stocks edged higher Friday as another drop in oil prices helped Wall Street withstand the effects of a disappointing jobs creation report.
Events to mark the 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall take place in the German capital on Tuesday.
Mayor Anthony A. Williams predicts he has enough votes to approve financing for a ballpark along the Anacostia waterfront.
The Radeon Xpress 200 has graphics performance equal to ATI's current entry-level graphics chip, the company says.
US oil giant Unocal signs a deal with Bangladesh's government to develop the country's largest gas field.
AP - Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years.
AP - Amazon.com said Monday that its Web site was experiencing slowdowns, and the company didn't immediately know when the problem would be fixed.
AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
An international team of scientists says the Arctic is warming much more rapidly than previously known because of the burning of fossil fuels around the world.
Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Denver Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard underwent successful surgery Monday to repair his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
AP - Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia.
AP - The No. 1 ranked team in the annual The Associated Press' preseason college baskteball poll. (x-denotes eventual national champion):
Reuters - Microsoft Corp. \and cable television provider Comcast Corp.  said on\Monday they would begin deploying set-top boxes powered by\Microsoft software starting next week.
Get up to \$1 Million in life insurance with inexpensive rates. Highly advanced life insurance system. Get covered in 10 minutes. Manage your insurance online. No doctor visit needed.
The pro-Moscow security forces in Chechnya claim to have killed 22 separatist fighters loyal to rebel leader, Shamil Basayev.
At last, some signs of life in the head-master #39;s office. After a string of weak or wrong decisions, the Football Association beaks decided to take 
The National Football League on Monday said it will extend broadcast rights for television networks CBS and FOX to air Sunday afternoon football games through 2011 in deals worth a combined \$8 billion.
Alexei Kovalev, Brad Richards and Nikolai Khabibulin became the latest NHL players to join a European team during the lockout, agreeing to play in Russia.
AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon and defensive back Leigh Bodden are out for the season after sustaining injuries in Cleveland's loss on Sunday in Baltimore.
At least three people have been killed in a suspected suicide car bomb blast outside Baghdad #39;s main hospital, Iraqi police and medics say.
BRUSSELS Microsoft said Monday that it had reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
TONY EASTLEY: Japanese carmaker, Mitsubishi Motors, is nothing if not optimistic. In just six months, the battered company has lost more than \$1.
NEW YORK Profit-taking after Wall Street #39;s nine-session rally left stocks narrowly mixed on Monday even as oil prices continued their downward trend.
AP - Priest Holmes has strained ligaments in his right knee and might not be able to play for the Kansas City Chiefs next week.
 SALISBURY, Md., (Sports Network) - Olympic champion swimmer  Michael Phelps was arrested last week for driving under the  influence of alcohol.
 SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - A newly formed group of  athletes' representatives are meeting in Miami this week to  seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.
Fewer people are living in extreme poverty in the East Asia-Pacific region, the World Bank said Tuesday.
The fifth summit meeting between the European Union (EU) and India, held on Monday in The Hague, decided to start forging a strategic partnership between the EU and India.
LONDON British Airways reported a 26 percent increase in second-quarter profit on Monday, but warned that it expected a tough winter, as fuel prices remain high, and competition stiff.
Six Flags Inc., the world #39;s second-largest amusement park operator, said Monday that third-quarter profit fell 60 percent as storms and wet weather led to lower attendance.
ATI Technologies, one of the two major GPU makers, has entered the chipset market segment for a boost in its sales revenue from other sources.
After 19 months of development, two name changes and more than 8 million downloads of its preview release, the Firefox browser is finally turning 1.0.
A broad list of copyright owners, artists, law professors and state attorneys general on Monday asked the Supreme Court to hear a controversial case on the legality of file-swapping software.
Intel on Monday updated its Itanium 2 processors, adding a top-end model to a high-end family designed to displace chips from Sun Microsystems and IBM.
Investor's Business Daily - With the votes counted, mutual fund managers are beginning to see which of their pre-election predictions are paying off.
Michael Phelps, the six-time Olympic champion, issued an apology yesterday after being arrested and charged with drunken driving in the United States.
(CP) - Canadian Jason Bay married longtime girlfriend Kristen on Saturday and picked up the National League Rookie of the Year Award on Monday.
Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Kansas City running back Priest Holmes strained ligaments in his right knee in Sunday #39;s 34-31 loss at Tampa Bay.
New York #39;s hopes of Super Bowl glory took a blow when both the Giants and the Jets were hit by injuries to leading players on Sunday.
Lucas was released from a San Francisco hospital, where he was kept overnight, and was scheduled to fly back to Seattle, coach Mike Holmgren said.
The Jacksonville Jaguars #39; starting quarterback may miss only two games, coach Jack Del Rio announced Monday. Leftwich injured his left knee in an October 31 game at Houston.
A suicide bomber who killed three Black Watch soldiers was white, suggesting British troops are being targeted by European terrorists.
_ In Baghdad, militants attacked two churches with car bombs and set off blasts at a hospital, killing at least six people and injuring about 80 others.
The head of Britain #39;s security services has called on business to play a greater role in combating the threat of terrorism. Eliza Manningham-Buller, the 
France flew home its nine dead soldiers from the Ivory Coast yesterday. The nine died in violence at the weekend that presented a bleak contrast to the long-cultivated image of the 
Revamp adds more oomph to a lineup that has sometimes proved trying for the chipmaker.
The chipmaker plans to release the Ornand family of flash memory chips in 2005, which could lead to expansion into wider markets.
A report suggests the UN's target of universal primary education by 2015 is unlikely to be reached.
Antivirus firms tell PC users to turn on firewalls--Microsoft has yet to patch the Internet Explorer vulnerability.
A day before federal regulators are expected to free VoIP providers from state taxes, two California cities want their cut.
Iran's foreign minister said that a preliminary agreement had been reached to suspend Iran's production of enriched uranium immediately.
AP - Amazon.com said that its Web site experienced slowdowns for much of the day Monday but was running normally by evening.
AP - Even though Byron Leftwich's throwing arm is getting quite a workout, it probably won't help the Jacksonville Jaguars the next two weeks.
Russia launched a new-generation space booster rocket on Monday in a move that could eventually help send civilian cargoes into space, Itar-Tass news agency reported.
As a high profile NFL football player, you should be aware that just about anything you do on the field or the sideline will be caught by a camera.
The Pittsburgh Pirates had been the only pre-expansion franchise not to have a rookie of the year winner. Slugging outfielder Jason Bay changed that Monday.
_ Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and passes from the Pro Bowl quarterback will find the Pro Bowl tight end.
FC Porto scored three second-half goals to beat visiting Sporting Lisbon 3-0 Monday and move into second place in the Portuguese league, one point behind leader Benfica after nine rounds.
SAN DIEGO - These clearly are not the San Diego Chargers of the recent gloomy past. They can pass. They can catch. They can play defense.
AP - The leader of Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista Front on Monday claimed victory for his party in weekend mayoral elections.
French and Ivory Coast military commanders appealed for calm Monday in Abidjan, as government supporters, whipped into a frenzy by reports that French tanks were 
A bomb damaged a Muslim primary school in Eindhoven yesterday as violent reprisals for the murder last week of an anti-Islamic film-maker swept across Holland.
InfoWorld - Novell this week spruced up a version of its Linux desktop aimed squarely at enterprise users.
PC World - Silicon Graphics comes in second for "fast computer" bragging rights.
com November 8, 2004, 4:29 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Silicon Graphics comes in second for "fast computer" bragging rights.
The European Union has asked the World Trade Organization (WTO) to order the United States and Canada to lift sanctions on EU exports because of EU #39;s ban on hormone beef.
The subsidiary formerly known as GECIS will instantly become a major player in the business process outsourcing industry. By Paul McDougall.
If there is a good rule of thumb about the Federal Reserve Board, it is this: A startling economic report is not enough to sway policy.
SURGING oil prices are continuing to drive up British Airways fuel costs and persuaded it to continue its three-year freeze on the dividend yesterday despite rising profits.
The families or loved ones of civilians killed on Sept. 11 received, on average, \$3.1 million in government and charitable awards.
STOCKS stayed little changed yesterday as interest rates and a weakening dollar took centre stage after last weeks US presidential election inspired rally.
The new president of the Motion Picture Association of America, Dan Glickman, says his industry is getting tough on movie piracy. Mr.
After his arrest last week on drunken driving charges, the Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps said yesterday that he had made a mistake and would own up to the charges against him.
A Black Watch soldier was killed last night, and two more injured, when a roadside bomb blast hit their vehicle near the regiment #39;s new base in central Iraq.
US Dollar ended transactions in Cuba on Monday under an order by the authorities. From Monday dollar transactions in stores, hotels, restaurants and other business, which have 
The growth of a shadow banking system poses a stiff challenge to China's state-owned banks, already burdened with bad debt.
Federal prosecutors and the S.E.C. are investigating Merck in connection with its recalled pain reliever, Vioxx.
Microsoft hailed the agreement as the culmination of a multibillion-dollar campaign to settle antitrust conflicts with its major antagonists.
With an overcrowded market, retailing executives are wondering aloud which fall lines will still be around next spring.
G.E.'s sale may set off a trend as other multinational companies move from owning back-office units to outsourcing to independent companies.
With three regular season games remaining, the ACC's power line stretches from Blacksburg to Charlottesville, as Virginia and Virginia Tech are tied atop the conference standings.
After signing a five-year, \$25 million contract extension last week, the Wizards hope that Brendan Haywood fills the stat sheet as well as the lane.
Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.
The city of Anaheim let it be known on Monday that they will fight any attempt by the Angels to change their name to the Los Angeles Angels.
The N.F.L. settled its Sunday afternoon packages with Fox and CBS through the 2011 season, but left its prime-time and cable packages unresolved.
Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps said Monday that he had made a mistake and would own up to the charges against him.
For the second straight year, more than 200 players have filed for free agency, which would have suited former Oakland A's owner Charlie Finley just fine.
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe late Monday authorized the extradition to the United States of drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the president's spokesman said.
The government named a special prosecutor for anti-terrorism cases Monday, moving to prevent a repeat of a trial disruption last week by the Shining Path rebel founder and his followers.
AP - Peyton Manning threw two touchdown passes and the Indianapolis Colts built a 14-6 halftime lead over the Minnesota Vikings on Monday night.
AP - Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison broke the NFL record for most completions by a quarterback-receiver tandem in the third quarter of the Indianapolis Colts' game Monday night against Minnesota.
AP - Former presidential candidate Howard Dean is considering a bid to become chairman of the national Democratic Party.
Thousands of American marines and soldiers swarmed over a railroad embankment on the northern edge of Falluja on Monday night and early Tuesday 
Time is running out for Boston Scientific to resolve what could be a multibillion-dollar liability resulting from its foray into the stent business.
The Solutions Sharing Network allows government entities to post their own tips, procedures and even in-house software.
Britain #39;s best-known soccer player, David Beckham, has signed up for a small part in a Hollywood movie, Sky News reported Monday.
General Electric Co. said Monday it will sell a majority stake in its global outsourcing business to two US-based equity firms for \$500 million.
AP - A federal judge on Monday refused to dismiss a lawsuit accusing a Canadian mining company of polluting the Columbia River with heavy metals for decades.
The panel of scientists also warned of a looming imbalance between hardware and software technology in high-performance computing.
The work of Prof. Naomi Ehrich Leonard at Princeton University shatters barriers, interweaving control theory, fluid mechanics, robotics, and biology.
The Federal Aviation Administration is facing some of the same problems that are driving the airlines to bankruptcy, rising costs and declining income.
Two of the highest ranking executives of Marsh   McLennan's insurance brokerage business and the company's general counsel were forced out.
The miniature people found to have lived on an Indonesian island until 13,000 years ago have shaken up views of the human past.
IBM #39;s still incomplete Blue Gene/L system being built in Rochester, Minnesota, has officially been named the fastest supercomputer in the world.
Lawyers for former Enron Corp. chief executive Jeffrey K. Skilling yesterday urged a federal judge to transfer his blockbuster fraud trial out of Houston, citing a toxic atmosphere in which 
A wind power plant proposed for the shallow waters south of Cape Cod would do no major harm to birds and other marine life and could lead to significant public health benefits 
Comcast Cable yesterday announced a plan to roll out Microsoft #39;s software across its digital-cable system in Washington state.
The International Monetary Fund on Monday commended Australia for its strong economic performance and said the country #39;s outlook was favorable and unlikely to 
NOT ONLY HAS it moved beyond the realm of science fiction, but the Arctic ice cap #39;s melting has been much faster than anyone has suspected.
US supercomputers once again are the fastest in the world, ending an uneasy 2 1/2 year period when a Japanese computer far outranked all competitors.
A federal judge began hearing testimony on Monday about whether the Cobb County School District should be allowed to leave stickers in biology textbooks saying that evolution 
A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued on Monday that unless the federal government significantly increased support for advanced research on 
Video-game fans across the country stood in the chilly November air last night, eagerly awaiting the arrival of  quot;Halo 2. quot;.
Midway through the fourth quarter of the Jets #39; 22-17 loss in Buffalo on Sunday, Chad Pennington went up to Herman Edwards on the sidelines.
Top-heavy with Atlantic Coast Conference teams, The Associated Press preseason mens basketball poll gave the nod to Kansas of the Big 12 Conference.
Description: A lawsuit challenges disclaimers stuck on biology textbooks containing evolution theory in Georgia #39;s affluent Cobb County.
A referendum bid to block a law that gives Macedonia #39;s Albanian minority more rights failed on Sunday, upholding a Western-brokered peace plan which ended ethnic fighting in 2001.
Federal prosecutors and the S.E.C. are investigating Merck in connection with its recalled pain reliever, Vioxx.
Last week, the chairman of Liberty Media, John C. Malone, said he might increase Liberty's voting interest in the News Corporation.
KIRKLAND -- Ken Lucas returned to Seattle late yesterday after spending Sunday night in a Bay Area hospital because of a bruised lung.
FOR THE SECOND time in a year, European foreign ministers are close to striking an interim deal with Iran over its nuclear program.
The death of a fourth Black Watch soldier in Iraq has made the troops more determined to complete their mission, a spokesman says.
The United States and Canada signed a declaration on Friday that outlines a plan to clean up the Great Lakes and the major waterways that feed them.
AP - Microsoft Corp. has begun providing free tools so government organizations can better share technological information, in a move it says is aimed at helping cash-strapped customers save money.
AFP - Australian business confidence about the near future fell slightly in October after a surge in September but views on current conditions registered a strong jump, a key survey showed.
Peyton Manning won a shootout with opposite number Daunte Culpepper as the Indianapolis Colts claimed a last-minute 31-28 victory over the Minnesota Vikings.
Arsenal won #39;t waver in their support for boss Arsene Wenger, despite the Frenchman being hit by an FA charge of misconduct last night.
On Tuesday November 24, Mark Webber will undertake his first testing duties for the team in Barcelona, together with the team test driver, Antonio Pizzonia.
After rewriting the Pirates #39; record book, Jason Bay was named the National League Rookie of the Year yesterday by the Baseball Writers Association of America.
SYDNEY - Israels nuclear weapons are an obstacle to peace in the Middle East, the head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog said on Tuesday.
It is no secret that the fortunes of Houston were long married to the success of Enron, the once highflying energy company that was the city #39;s premier corporate citizen.
Telecom mobile general manager Kevin Kenrick showed off the Harrier personal digital assistant at the launch of the company #39;s 3G mobile broadband network in Wellington yesterday.
BAGHDAD: At least eight people were killed and 45 wounded when two suspected car bombs exploded within minutes of each other outside two churches and a hospital in southern Baghdad last night.
(Sports Network) - The winless Golden State Warriors start a five-game road trip tonight, as they visit the undefeated Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center.
Federal prosecutors and the Securities and Exchange Commission are investigating Merck  amp; Co. in connection with Vioxx, the painkiller that was pulled from the market in September 
The Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote today to exempt Internet-based phone companies from state regulation, a step that could help boost the emerging services.
Team bosses will discuss their plans to cut costs in F1 including a proposal to cut testing to just ten days during the season for all teams.
Texas bumped Utah from the coveted No. 6 spot in the Bowl Championship Series standings released on Monday, improving its chance for its first major bowl in eight seasons.
But he felt unwanted in Dallas and resented that the Cowboys had brought in veteran Vinny Testaverde to challenge him this past off-season.
Mike Danton was sentenced yesterday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed. Danton said nothing in East St. Louis, Ill.
Kidnappers threatening to kill a Northern Irish woman in Afghanistan were today awaiting a response to their demand for a prisoner exchange.
Top Palestinian officials are to meet the French president in the hope of visiting the ailing Yasser Arafat.
University of Louisville football coach Bobby Petrino, amid rumors of job offers coming his way, said after yesterday #39;s regular-season finale at Tulane that his first move 
Department of Defense asked to lead review of contracts awarded by a former procurement official who has admitted giving Boeing Co. preferential treatment.
US regulators launch an inquiry into whether Wall Street's top brokers adopted trading practices which left clients out of pocket.
CBS and Fox yesterday announced an \$8 million rights extension with the National Football League that gives the networks the right to continue televising 
For 22 years, Ray Bourque had been preparing for last night. As he played each game of his National Hockey League career, he wasn #39;t cognizant 
Abu Mazen, Abu Ala and Nabil Shaath to meet French president, ministers in bid to see their ailing leader despite Suha Arafats refusal.
A new lava dome inside Mount St. Helens #39; crater has sprouted a growth that extends upward nearly 330 feet, US Geological Survey officials said Saturday.
His game hasnt tapered off at all coming off his MVP performance in the NBA Finals. After three games, he averaged 20 points, 7 assists and 6 rebounds and was leading 
AFP - Criminals are exploiting the chaos caused by Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade by stealing and defrauding vulnerable residents, particularly the elderly, police warned.
Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that #39;s never been filed.
The General Electric Co. said Monday it had sold a 60 percent stake in its pioneering back- office unit in India to two private equity firms for \$500 million.
The Philippines may have its long-term debt ratings cut by Moody #39;s Investors Service, which cited the government #39;s budget deficit and debt.
An alleged Islamic radical accused of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh will be tried on terrorism charges, prosecutors said Friday.
A strong earthquake hit Taiwan on Monday, shaking buildings in the capital Taipei for several seconds. No casualties were reported.
AFP - One week into the National Basketball Association season, the season is over for Denver Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard.
AP - J. Cofer Black, the State Department official in charge of counterterrorism, is leaving government in the next few weeks.
Indian mobile phone users outnumber fixed line customers for the first time, the country's telecoms regulator says.
THE dollar sell-off gained fresh momentum in latest trading with the greenback tumbling to its lowest level for nine years against the currencies of its main trading partners.
Already reeling from the Vioxx recall, Merck said late yesterday it faces a criminal investigation by the Department of Justice and an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Comcast is giving Microsoft something the software giant has struggled to get on its own: an easy way to expand from the desktop computer to the home-entertainment center.
Scientists say changes in the earth #39;s climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced 
A trial opened yesterday over whether a warning sticker in suburban Atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is  quot;a theory, not a fact quot; violates 
The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) today announced the adoption of Bluetooth Core Specification Version 2.0  EDR (Enhanced Data Rate).
Intel Corp. is adding to its current Itanium 2 processor line with six new processors that the company says deliver performance increases of 15 percent for database transaction processing and up to 35 percent 
The US Fish and Wildlife Service has fired a biologist who publicly accused the agency of using bad science to approve construction projects in panther habitat.
History says they cant do this. History says the Indianapolis Colts cant win a championship in a league where offense sells tickets and defense wins Super Bowls.
New England captain Jason Robinson is setting new standards. Sam Wheeler looks at the career of the state-educated Leeds-born former rugby league star Thirty-two years after Clive Sullivan led Great Britain 
MIAMI  Stan Van Gundy called his players together at the end of Monday #39;s practice and warned them about overlooking the obvious.
Joint patrols have begun in Ivory Coast #39;s commercial centre, Abidjan, in an attempt to maintain law and order after three days of disturbances.
AT least 13 people were killed and about 60 injured when a car bomb exploded outside the emergency unit of one of Baghdad #39;s main hospitals, medical officials said today.
Visiting US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said here on Tuesday that the United States will further enhance its relations with Pakistan.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell voiced displeasure on Monday at Sudan #39;s movement of camps for people who fled their homes in Darfur.
Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that's never been filed.
Two top executives of scandal-tarred insurance firm Marsh Inc. were ousted yesterday, the company said, the latest casualties of an industry probe by New York's attorney general.
McDonald's Corp. yesterday reported another month of strong worldwide sales, sending its stock up modestly to its highest closing price in 2 years.
\A second Buddhist man is beheaded in Thailand's south in apparent revenge for the deaths of Muslim protesters.
TV network CBS fights the record \$500,000 fine imposed following Janet Jackson's breast-baring incident.
Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks. Mike Vanderjagt's leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts.
Movement continues to take place among NHL players -- but it's not toward North American teams nor arenas.
Rich Rodriguez expects a tough, physical game -- as usual -- from Boston College, a team the West Virginia coach says has a defensive line with no weaknesses.
The Framingham boys' soccer team was without two of its best defensive players yesterday, but not without a commitment to playing strong team defense.
College hockey: MEN -- Worcester St. at Wentworth, 8 p.m.; WOMEN -- Rensselaer at MIT, 7 p.m.
A sleek desktop debuts, along with VR-like games that help you exercise--and a robot that doesn't.
TechWeb - New Secure Connector feature gives remote users secure network-level access, including access to business applications, data, and network services.
The World Bank says fewer people than ever are living in extreme poverty in East Asia and the Pacific due to economic growth of around seven per cent.
Ad agencies were given federally financed slush funds in order to cut through red tape and speed up the awarding of grants, according to the former head of the federal sponsorship program.
By wire services. Tiger Woods, who surrendered his record 264-week streak as the world #39;s top-ranked golfer to Vijay Singh in September, rose a place to No.
Eleven Lithuanians are charged with masterminding what is believed to be Europe's biggest euro forgery operation.
When President Bush walked into Halifax #39;s Pier 21 on Wednesday, the stage was literally set for him to usher in a new era of partnership 
 PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's condition worsened  overnight and his coma has deepened, the French military  hospital caring for the Palestinian leader announced on  Tuesday.
IBM's Blue Gene/L was  named the fastest supercomputer in the world on Monday, pushing Japan off the top of the list.
A Pop Idol type competition is being held to find UK gamers to take part in a \$1m tournament.
Initiation Day concluded with the older guys raising their arms to provoke adoration and the younger guys walking away, heads lowered, shirts and egos untucked.
Toshiba has accused Hynix of infringing its DRAM and Flash patents, and has begun legal proceedings against its South Korean rival in the US and Japanese courts.
A foreign airline has been given permission by the federal government to carry electronic Taser stun guns on some of its flights in the United States to protect against hijackings or other attacks.
Stuart Rose today consolidated his authority at Marks  amp; Spencer as the ailing retailer announced a clear-out of top executives.
Intel may be struggling a bit with its processors right now, but the company smacked one out of the park with the introduction of its 900-series chipsets.
The Bluetooth Special Interest Group has unveiled a roadmap that outlines updates to the technology in performance, security, power optimization and usability.
The New Zealand based company, Telecom, launched its high-speed third-generation (3G) mobile broadband service and is expecting strong demand from businesses and consumers.
A broad list of copyright owners, artists, law professors and state attorneys general on Monday asked the US Supreme Court to hear a controversial case on the legality of file-swapping software.
Olympic swimming sensation Michael Phelps was drowning in criticism from his coach and fans last night after being busted for drunken driving in Maryland.
LONDON - For some writers who criticize Islam, bullet-proof glass, bodyguards, death threats and pseudonyms are a part of everyday life.
A painstaking operation to lift the mangled wreckage of the Berkshire train crash from the tracks has been taking place. The exact events surrounding the crash which killed seven people are still being investigated 
Glittery Las Vegas gambling has arrived in seedy Macau, promising new charms for China's inveterate players, and this former Portuguese colony may never be the same.
Brazilian U.N. peacekeepers will remain in Haiti until presidential elections are held in that Caribbean nation sometime next year, President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday.
Chancellor Gordon Brown tells the CBI his mission is to build a "shared national economic purpose".
AFP - A former India captain who prepared the crumbling pitch for last week's Bombay Test against world champions Australia defended himself by passing the blame on touring skipper Ricky Ponting.
The European Unions head office said Monday it had filed a complaint against the United States and Canada for failing to lift sanctions against the EU over its ban on imports of hormone-treated beef.
MOODY #39;S Investors Service said it had placed on review for possible downgrade the foreign currency long-term deposit ratings of 11 banks.
The US Fish and Wildlife Service has delayed the adoption of a plan designed to protect Florida panthers from encroaching development.
THE British publics opposition to the war in Iraq has risen to record levels amid signs that the continued violence could be a major factor in next years expected general election.
Nature is pretty good at solving engineering problems, so designers are increasingly turning to biomimetics to improve their products and ideas. By Rowan Hooper.
Lately, supernovas have become signal events in the life of the cosmos, as told by modern science.
Scientists say one thing has remained constant since Dr. Alfred C. Kinsey's work: Americans' ambivalence about the study of sexuality.
The fantasy of a germ-free home is not only absurd, but it is also largely pointless.
Compelling evidence from a remote glacier suggests "drastic climate change," according to scientists.
AFP - Japan's number two telecoms operator KDDI said it had agreed with major British carrier BT to join hands on international data communications services for corporate clients.
Dr. Denise Faustman, who has cured diabetes in mice, thinks she has a shot at curing it in humans.
US pay TV firm Comcast is set to roll out set-top boxes featuring Microsoft software, in a crucial test for Microsoft's cable TV ambitions.
Crude futures rose Tuesday as traders awaited US oil inventory data, and analysts said the market fundamentals were pointing to higher prices in the coming weeks.
Following Monday #39;s announcement that a black economic empowerment (BEE) consortium had concluded an agreement to acquire the remaining 15.
A minister hails progress on e-commerce after a study suggests UK firms are the third most sophisticated users of IT.
Fresh from setting a supercomputer performance record, IBM has announced it will make a commercial version of its Blue Gene system available for businesses and scientific researchers.
StreamCast has formally asked the US Supreme Court to reject the request made by the Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA) and Recording Industry Ass.
Spansion, the flash memory joint venture between AMD and Fujitsu has laid out its plans to develop 8Gbit memory parts based on 65nm lithography.
KABUL - Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan telephoned home to say they are OK and one expressed hope she soon would be free, officials and relatives said Tuesday.
SRINAGAR: Illegal fencing by India of Line of Control in Kashmir has been going in violation of agreements and most of the projected work is reportedly nearing completion.
The funeral is expected to take place on Tuesday of the Dutch film maker, Theo van Gogh, who was shot and stabbed to death in Amsterdam a week ago.
A bomb tore through a government office in the Nepali capital on Tuesday, wounding at least 38 people in an attack police suspect was carried out by Maoist rebels.
AP - Researchers working off coastal Georgia have discovered what could be three new species of bottom-dwelling creatures known as sea squirts.
Thirteen points in the last two games... not much of an onslaught from offensive savior Terrell Owens and his mates. Yet, with that influx of talent in 
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And a job offer for the brainiest woman
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on 1000's of titles!
District Court, appeal court rulings clear enough
Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.
The failure of the UK's e-university was blamed on weak marketing by the higher education minister.
Information technology workers face rising unemployment and are having mobility thrust upon them as companies change the way they staff computer-related jobs.
The indigenous peoples of the Arctic are told their culture will be threatened by climate warming.
UK food and clothing retailer Marks  amp; Spencer has reported lower profits for the first half, and announced management changes as it tries to turn around its business.
Lucent Technologies, the nation #39;s biggest telecommunications equipment maker, said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission was considering suing three former executives over possible 
Imagine if everyone watched television using the same set, listened to the radio using the same audio system or surfed the Web using the same browser.
Bluetooth short range wireless connectivity is to receive a number of upgrades over the next two years, according to the body that controls development of the technology.
Paula Radcliffe got so many things right in New York. In winning another marathon she achieved all of her goals except the one that was beyond her.
New Delhi (VNA) - India and the European Union on Monday signed a  quot;strategic partnership deal #39; #39; aimed at tightening economic and political ties.
Paul Kenyon confronts the drive hunt fishermen of Taiji in Japan and the intermediaries who sell the animals to dolphinariums.
With crude hovering near \$50 a barrel, Nicholas Parker heads a VC group seeking out investments in "clean" technologies.
Screen shots of the video game show tripods towering over crumbling cities.
A United Nations team has arrived in Sudan to study if genocide has occurred in the western Darfur region, where fighting has displaced more than 1.5 million people.
Lucent Technologies Inc. said on Tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force.
BRITAINS trade gap with the rest of the world narrowed unexpectedly in September as goods exports surged to their highest level in more than two years, official data revealed today.
Yasir Arafat's wife, Suha, has used French privacy laws to keep the state of her husband's health a mystery to the world.
At the Office of Information Technology computing cluster in Perkins Library, junior Alexandra Oliveira was among the many students browsing the Internet.
Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox browser will be available for free download today after 19 months of development, news.com reports.
The future of Chinese 3G technology and how it is licensed by the government is in doubt today after it failed a five month trial.
Footballer David Beckham will take his first major acting role in movie Goal!, in which he will play himself. Directed by Judge Dredd film-maker Danny Cannon, Goal!
They have dispatched the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles to stake a claim as the NFL #39;s top team. Now the Pittsburgh Steelers could become the team everybody wants to beat.
When Bill Shankly signed this young lad from Blackpool, we couldn #39;t believe the energy this boy had, he was always in the front of the queue at training.
Subdued observations were held in Berlin Tuesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the tearing down of the Cold War-era Berlin Wall.
Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Spinning the exploitation cycle
The UK's oil trade balance sank into the red for the first time in 13 years in September, official figures show.
Mozilla Firefox 1.0 has launched following a two-month preview that drew 8 million downloads of the alternative Web browser. ADVERTISEMENT.
An updated version of Russia #39;s venerable Soyuz rocket took its first flight Monday, placing a dummy satellite into orbit during a successful qualification launch.
Israeli troops shoot two Palestinians who entered a closed military area in Gaza, near the Israeli border.
Reuters - International auctioneers Sotheby's\Holdings Inc.  on Tuesday said its third-quarter loss\narrowed slightly on higher sales.
Halo 2 has the feel of an instant classic, with addictive gameplay and impressive graphics.
The yellowing linoleum and faded wallpaper in the former prison of the East German secret police would be ultra hip in any German bar.
The four million inhabitants of the Arctic will have to change their way of life if warming trends in the region continue apace, leaders have warned.
AMSTERDAM, Netherlands Mourners in the Netherlands have gathered for the cremation of a Dutch filmmaker allegedly slain by a Muslim extremist.
AFP - Former England and Liverpool captain Emlyn Hughes has died from a brain tumour aged 57.
HIGH oil prices will slash the countrys economic growth by as much as 1 percent next year, the World Bank said Tuesday. In its latest East Asia Regional Economic Update 
Oil exports from Russia - the world #39;s second-largest oil producer - may decrease within two years, a top Russian oil industry expert warned Tuesday.
AP - Ben Wallace is expected to miss at least two road games for the Detroit Pistons following the death of his brother in Alabama.
AP - David Beckham should be ready to play this weekend for Real Madrid after missing a month with two cracked ribs.
A founder of a Colombian drug cartel that became the world's chief supplier of cocaine in the 1990s was transported to a Florida jail Saturday after being extradited from Colombia.
AFP - British retailer Marks and Spencer announced a major management shake-up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial Christmas period.
The alternative browser, developed (and continually re-developed) by a network of programmers, is available for free download from the non-profit Mozilla Foundation website.
China is actively taking part in international co-operation in Earth observation satellites, to study meteorology, natural resources, environment surveillance and other civil 
SWIMMING ace Michael Phelps has admitted it was a dangerous mistake after the six-time Olympic champion was arrested for driving under the influence last week.
THE hunt for Mark Webber #39;s teammate at Williams narrowed yesterday as the former world champion announced it would test Britain #39;s Anthony Davidson and German Nick Heidfeld.
Carlos Sainz gave his fans and his Citroen team a minor scare ahead of Rally Australia after an accident forced the Spaniard to go to hospital.
Three civilians were killed by separatists on Tuesday morning in Thailand #39;s violence-plagued deep south, while village security guards were robbed of weapons.
A study into online music piracy suggests record sales in the US have fallen because of online piracy.
Reuters - European countries agreed on Tuesday\to expand protected bird territories to help save species\threatened by intensive agriculture and climate change.
Big Blue has brought the title of the world's fastest supercomputer back to the United States for the first time in three years.
Advanced Micro Devices is building a new plant in Germany but still needs outside assistance to meet expected demand.
The condition of the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat, has worsened overnight, just before a group of Mr. Arafat's likely political heirs arrived today.
Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
Former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologized Tuesday for his positive cocaine test and said he will turn down an offer to become an assistant coach for the Romanian national team.
Two-time world champion Carlos Sainz was taken to hospital for observation after crashing his Citroen during practice for the Rally Australia on Tuesday.
The troubled negotiations over whether to build the world #39;s largest nuclear fusion facility in France or Japan have finally come to a head.
A British UN worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan by Islamic militants nearly two weeks ago has telephoned her family to say she is still alive.
British retailer Marks and Spencer announced a major management shake-up as part of efforts to revive its fortunes, saying trading has become tougher ahead of the crucial Christmas period.
The Intel rival known for its Athlon PC and Opteron server processors announced on Tuesday plans to tap Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing, a contract manufacturer, for extra chip-production capacity.
Editor #39;s Summary: At a supercomputing conference, Microsoft announced a new tool kit that will let developers create high-performance computing applications.
Former Boston Bruin great Ray Bourque entered the Hockey Hall of Fame Monday. Not bad for a kid who just wanted to make a good impression as rookie in 1979.
Tehran: Iran was on Tuesday considering whether to approve a tentative agreement with Britain, France and Germany aimed at limiting its nuclear activities and easing international suspicions.
PC World - Virus hijacks PCs and uses them to send short message spam to mobile phones.
PC World - Alternative browser features protection against online scams.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid to 7-week lows on  Tuesday as growing signs of ample supply eased concerns over  fuel stocks for the northern winter.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles  defensive tackle Sam Rayburn was involved in a two-car accident  Monday night and sustained minor injuries.
AFP - Defeated Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry has hinted that he could make another run for the White House in 2008, press reports said.
Marsh   McLennan, the US insurance broker being sued for alleged price fixing, is to cut 3,000 jobs as it faces an expected decline in its revenues.
Unrest in Ivory Coast, the world's biggest cocoa producer, stops shipments from the country's two ports despite a lull in fighting.
Linda W. Cropp abruptly removes a bill to build a baseball stadium with public money, announcing that she has a new plan that could provide private funding for the project.
Mike Vanderjagt kicks a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to lift the Colts over the Vikings, 31-28, on Monday night.
US communications regulators on Tuesday exempted Internet telephone services from certain state oversight, a boon for Vonage Holdings Corp.
Global warming (news - web sites) is melting the Arctic ice faster than expected, and the world #39;s oceans could rise by about a meter (3 feet 
The open-source app already has a cult following, a major portion of which like it because no one has written viruses to attack it yet.
A three-year roadmap for Bluetooth short-range wireless technology will triple bandwidth and allow users to simultaneously multicast signals to seven others.
The Ferrari team did not bother to attend the meeting of the Formula 1 team bosses in London today and so it could not take part in the discussions surrounding the subject of testing.
Manning threw four touchdown passes and Vanderjagt kicked a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to give the Colts a 31-to-28 win over Minnesota.
A British battalion of 600 infantry have been told to make ready for deployment to Iraq, the Conservatives claimed today. The soldiers, understood to be from the 2nd 
IBM's p5-575, a specialized server geared for high-performance computing, has eight 1.9GHz Power5 processors.
States are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Net phone providers.
Long lines greet release of Xbox game sequel. Also: The transformative powers of "Half-Life 2."
Earnings from hot new issue Jamdat Mobile don't live up to analysts' expectations.
Eye care specialist TLC draws eyes to the field of high-tech vision correction.
Thousands of fans wait for hours to pick up the first copies of Microsoft's long-awaited Xbox game sequel.
WASHINGTON - Another small hike in United States interest rates is seen as a certainty when Federal Reserve policy-makers meet today.
Ten US stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange, would be required to file quarterly reports with regulators and maintain a majority of independent directors under a plan published by the agency today.
West coast trips have been filled with heartbreaking moments for Detroit Pistons All-star Ben Wallace. But it has had nothing to do with the games being played.
Four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
InfoWorld - Four security software rivals are have teamed up to set a baseline standard for application security firewalls, challenging others in the industry to join them.
The ratification of Universal Business Language could make it easier for big companies to share documents.
The Federal Communications Commission ruled that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Net phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the Internet.
Miami Dolphins coach Dave Wannstedt, whose team has the worst record in the National Football League, resigned after 4 1/2 seasons and was replaced by defensive coordinator Jim Bates.
Scientists struggle to contain an anthrax epidemic which has killed nearly 200 hippos in a Ugandan national park.
Sri Lanka wicket-keeper/batsman Romesh Kaluwitharana announces his retirement from international cricket.
Approval of changes to employee stock compensation paves way for \$32 billion bonanza for shareholders.
Algeria's chances of joining the World Trade Organisation (WTO) may be scuppered by its parliament's refusal to lift a ban on alcohol imports.
Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling has surgery to repair his injured right ankle with no complications Tuesday, the team doctor said.
Memory was little help to Munich, Germanys Infineon Technologies AG in its now closed fiscal Q4. The company reported Q4 revenues of \$2.
WINSTON SALEM, NC - Dell announced today it is adding to its US manufacturing operations with a third location, to be placed in the Triad area of North Carolina.
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday proposed that stock markets disclose more information about their operations, including executive pay and regulatory programs.
AP - U.S. regulators ruled Tuesday that providers of Internet-based phone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government, exempting them from some key regulation by states.
AP - Bank of New York Co. Tuesday said regulators are looking into mutual-fund transactions that were cleared by the company's Pershing LLC unit.
AP - A growing number of Colorado school superintendents are devising strategies to soften the blow of losing students to online schools.
The debate about using Linux as a desktop OS has been going on for years. With each kernel revision and every new distribution release, we hear that Linux has become a feasible alternative.
American swimmer Michael Phelps, who won six gold medals at the Olympics in Athens, has been charged with driving under the influence by police in Maryland.
David Beckhams prospects of skippering England in next weeks clash with Spain at Real Madrids Bernabeu stadium improved today when he returned to training.
Boston, MA (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in his right ankle.
AFP - Iran is cracking down on Internet communications, one of the country's last forums for free speech and a crucial tool for local social activists, Human Rights Watch said.
AP - A new study shows that golf courses can be good homes for more than one kind of birdie.
Reuters - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling\underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in\his right ankle.
 BOSTON (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox ace Curt Schilling  underwent surgery Tuesday to repair a ruptured flexor tendon in  his right ankle.
Crude oil futures prices briefly dipped below \$48 a barrel Tuesday on expectations that US oil supplies will continue to grow and that heating oil inventories will be adequate this winter.
The Federal Reserve is primed to push up borrowing costs for the fourth time this year at its meeting on Wednesday, and is unlikely to pause at upcoming meetings 
Bo Outlaw is arriving for his second stint with the Suns to stiffen a defense that works a bit differently than when he departed before last season.
A backup doping sample from the horse that won the show jumping gold medal at the Athens Olympics also was positive for a banned substance, the Irish rider #39;s lawyer said Tuesday.
The United States grabbed top honors in the race for the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, beating out the Japanese computer that has held the title for more than two years.
Six-time Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps has publicly apologised after his arrest for drink-driving. The 19-year-old ran a stop sign in Salisbury, Maryland.
The Gunners boss has been hit with a charge of improper conduct following his controversial comments after their 2-0 Premiership defeat at Manchester United last month.
Keith finished with a combined total of 125 rushing and receiving yards in a 14-6 upset victory over Edmonton to earn the offensive award.
A mother has her conviction for murdering her four-month-old son 10 years ago quashed during a retrial.
The market is still down from its March 2000 peak. Here's how to protect your assets from further drops.
Plus: Heathrow airport using 'see through clothes' scanner on passengers.
Marsh   McLennan said today that it would lay off roughly 5 percent of its work force, as it moved to right itself after being accused of bid-rigging.
Rupert Murdoch and John Malone may be fixin' for a fight over the media giant.
The second-largest satellite entertainment provider adds 350,000 subscribers.
The digital media software developer deserves more attention from investors.
The online games company's high valuation even more of a concern with the success of its competition.
Halo 2 has been released in the US, with fans queuing to get their hands on the Xbox title.
The software giant announces several changes and plans for its Virtual PC software, which lets Windows run on Apple machines.
Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu lifts his threat to resign over the Gaza withdrawal plan.
Microsoft has reached legal settlements with two of its biggest adversaries in the software industry, Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
Marks  amp; Spencer reported after-tax profits of \$260 million for the six month period ending October 2nd, compared to \$436 million a year earlier.
Ring, Ring. Someone answer the computer. Voice-over-Internet Protocol got a boost today as The Federal Communications Commission ruled that providers of the service are exempt from some major state regulations 
Dell (DELL) said Tuesday that it would build a US manufacturing plant in North Carolina, employing at least 1,500 people within five years.
California insurance commissioner expected to announce today that he will allow \$16.4 billion deal with WellPoint Health Networks to take place.
Businesses in Europe, Asia can net bucks for outdated computer equipment, company says. \
Ireland #39;s leading expert on climate change, Dr John Sweeney, has warned that both the Government and the public urgently need to do more to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
I remember the major turning point that took Linux from an OS that Microsoft used to call competition during their anti-trust case to a serious commercial operating system.
A second version of the MyDoom variant that uses a flaw in Internet Explorer has started to spread, antivirus researchers said on Tuesday.
As expected, IBM took over the top slot on the Top500 supercomputing list with a BlueGene/L system that shatters previous Linpack benchmarks at 70.
November 09, 2004 - In a surprise move, Sony Computer Entertainment and Polyphony Digital revealed today that Gran Turismo 4 will feature limited EyeToy support.
A technology group working on faster data transfer between devices announced a new specification targeted at improving high-performance computing systems.
The  quot;northern lights quot; will be visible this week in the Long Island area, with best chance of seeing them over the next few nights, astronomers said.
The British and French Formula One grands prix have been saved after teams struck a deal with Bernie Ecclestone on Tuesday, according to Minardi boss Paul Stoddart.
Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Former English international and Liverpool great Emlyn Hughes passed away Tuesday from a brain tumor.
Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, dismissed by English Premier League club Chelsea for taking cocaine, said on Tuesday he would continue his career in England or Italy after completing a seven-month ban.
A SECOND dope test on a blood sample taken from the horse of Irish Olympic show jumping gold medallist Cian O #39;Connor has tested positive for banned substances.
Unisys' updated ES7000 server line includes a top-end Itanium 2  processor with 9MB of high-speed cache memory.
NewsFactor - The first in a new series of desktop PCs from Gateway will become available later this week, says the company.
AP - Former No. 1s and French Open champions Juan Carlos Ferrero and Carlos Moya will lead Spain against the United States in next month's Davis Cup final.
North Carolina facility will open in fall 2005 and employ 1,500 people within the next five years, Dell says.
A second MyDoom offshoot is taking advantage of an unpatched security hole in Microsoft's Web browser to spread.
 ABIDJAN (Reuters) - French soldiers fired to disperse  protesters in Ivory Coast on Tuesday after days of rioting in  the main city Abidjan.
Company says Arbinet will settle in copyright infringement dispute.   \
Halo 2 for the Xbox shoots first, but for PC gamers, "Half-Life 2" is locked and loaded.
Aboriginal leader and member of the National Indigenous Council Warren Mundine says it is time radical changes are made to the way Indigenous affairs are handled.
Oil prices continued their recent slide as optimism that supply would hold up this winter had more traders shifting money out of energy markets.
Homebuilders strode upstairs Tuesday after Toll Brothers (TOL:NYSE - news - research) reported record fourth-quarter sales, citing strong demand from affluent buyers.
More than 300 scientists from 15 countries, including Canada, have released a study that shows the pace of the Arctic ice melt is accelerating.
MADRID - Spain has named an unchanged team for next months Davis Cup final against the United States in Seville as they bid to secure a second title in five years.
NewsFactor - The city of Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available throughout the Taiwanese capital by the end of next year.
Boom times are ahead for security pros. The information security workforce will expand by an estimated 13.7 per cent annually to reach 2.1m workers by 2008. 
A Trojan which uses infected PCs to send spam messages to mobile phone users has been discovered.
AP - The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to block the nation's only law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly.
Big Blue fills out its Workplace initiative with bundles tailored for medium size-businesses and for specific industries.
Streamlined multifunction device aimed at helping company gain ground in business copier market.\
The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year on Wednesday, acting on the belief that the economy has finally emerged from an extended "soft patch."
There will be no pre-election cash giveaway, says Gordon Brown as he suggests he still wants to be premier.
As part of a special promotion, Blockbuster has cut prices again. But will it be enough?
Video game developer is moving in the right direction, despite an "unprofitable" image it needs to shake.
AP - Wellington Mara walked through the New York Giants' locker room and smiled when he saw the throng of reporters surrounding Kurt Warner.
AP - The Colorado Rapids fired coach Tim Hankinson on Tuesday, two weeks after the team was eliminated from the 2004 Major League Soccer playoffs with a 2-0 loss to Los Angeles.
AP - There's a certain swagger that typically accompanies the Miami Hurricanes, the only team to play in Bowl Championship Series games each of the last four seasons.
Mortgage rates are at record lows. Save \$1000s on your mortgage payment. Free quotes.
Toshiba Corp. on Tuesday said it has sued Hynix Semiconductor Japan Inc., accusing the company of infringing on Toshiba #39;s memory patents.
Health insurance stocks spiked in trading Tuesday after California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi withdrew his opposition to the merger between WellPoint Health Networks Inc.
The consequences of such a massive meltdown of northern ice would be dramatic, according to the study.  Low-lying coastal areas in Florida and Louisiana could be flooded by the sea.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday said it has entered a manufacturing agreement with Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing in Singapore.
FLANKER Joe Worsley has been ruled out of England #39;s Test with Canada at Twickenham on Sunday (Australian time because of a leg injury.
Almost every single week I spend Monday morning reading the papers, watching TV and talking to my wife -- who is a great football fan.
After testing positive for cocaine, former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu apologised on Tuesday and said he hoped to stay clean and be an  #39;example for youths #39;.
The Colorado Rockies dumped vice chairman Jerry McMorris on Tuesday, ending a relationship with one of the team #39;s founding figures.
London, England (Sports Network) - Captain John Terry signed a fresh contract with Chelsea Tuesday that will keep him with the club until 2009.
The Netherlands mourned filmmaker Theo van Gogh killed last week by a suspected Islamic militant, while Dutch Muslims rallied to urge reconciliation on Tuesday after a wave of attacks on mosques and churches.
France, Britain and Germany reached a tentative deal with Tehran on freezing enrichment activities during talks in Paris over the weekend.
Iraqi rebels seized the centre of the city of Ramadi and attacked police stations elsewhere as US-led troops continued their Falluja assault.
Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the 
With streamlined multifunction device, tech giant aims to gain ground in business copier market.\
South Korea-based Hynix said it would respond to the actions and take appropriate  quot;countermeasures quot; after reviewing the lawsuits more closely.
Solving the nation #39;s spam problem will require a balancing act, legal and privacy experts said today in Washington, DC, at a meeting sponsored by the Federal Trade Commission.
Real Madrid star and England Soccer team captain David Beckham has already been an inspiration of a massive international hit movie Bend it like Beckham.
. US-led forces met heavy resistance in Falluja as they battled toward the heart of Iraq #39;s most resistant city on Tuesday, officers said.
Englewood-based Liberty Media reported increased operating cash and higher revenue for the third quarter of 2004. Liberty (NYSE: L, LMC.
The Chartered announcement had been signaled when AMD and IBM extended a chip processing deal in September. While the deal centered on jointly developed technology, it also left AMD the option 
Valve Software is experimenting with a model that could substantially transform the video game business.
A 27-year-old Connecticut man was arrested today on charges he offered online to sell the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 programs.
IT managers are struggling to make sure their organizations comply with a raft of regulations on lean IT budgets, according to Open Text CEO Tom Jenkins.
Gunning for markets that have long been the domain of RISC-based systems, Intel yesterday delivered updated Itanium 2 processors with larger memory caches.
GamePro reviewer says: This is about as easy an Xbox buying decision as there is -- just do it.
A panel of leading computer scientists warned in a report issued Monday that unless the federal government significantly increases support for advanced research on supercomputing, the United 
The HyperTransport Technology Consortium today announced the first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification. The new EATX Motherboard/Daughtercard 
IPod mini portable music player users can power, charge and play the contents of their devices simultaneously while in their automobiles.
KNOWN to players and fans as Crazy Horse, Emlyn Hughes was one of the most talented footballers of the 1970s, and almost certainly the most enthusiastic.
Cutting-edge game units, TVs, satellite receivers, camcorders and more are introduced.
Price hikes may be designed to convince you to upgrade to an all-out Internet security suite.
AP - Suspected arsonists set an Islamic elementary school on fire Tuesday amid a string of attacks following the killing of a Dutch filmmaker by an alleged Islamic extremist.
AP - The government on Tuesday upheld a ruling that Chinese bedroom furniture was being sold in the United States at unfairly low prices, but it scaled back the level of penalty tariffs.
Analysts say securing the popular vote is key for the credibility of new Palestinian leadership.
Siebel Systems Inc. founder Tom Siebel plans to sell up to 18 percent of his company stock over the next two years, the company said Tuesday.
After a year in development, today is the day the Mozilla Foundation released their long awaited browser named Firefox officially launching version 1.0.
AP - The District of Columbia Council delayed a vote on funding a new ballpark for the Expos, with Council Chair Linda Cropp proposing another new plan Tuesday.
Roger Clemens, at 42, became the oldest Cy Young winner in Major League history on Tuesday, claiming the award for a record seventh time.
Yasser Arafat #39;s increasingly imminent passing from the scene points to the end of a long and complex era that is best left for historians to assess.
Two powerful bomb explosions have ripped through separate government buildings in Nepal, wounding at least 40 people. Authorities have blamed Maoist rebels for the attacks.
The Federal Communications Commission voted to bar state regulators from exercising key jurisdiction over VoIP. By W. David Gardner.
California #39;s insurance commissioner said Tuesday he would approve the proposed merger between health insurance giants WellPoint Health Networks and Anthem.
It #39;s time to face Doom yet again. The latest MyDoom virus variant is once again running amok across the Internet, according to reports from security firms.
Internet companies have begun to change the way e-mail works in order to weed out spam, but experts on Tuesday clashed over whether the underlying technology should be controlled by any one company.
Four vendors of application security products have created an alliance to challenge the ability of large-scale vendors--such as Check Point Software Technologies, Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks 
Microsoft issued a patch for a vulnerability in its server software that could allow an attacker to spoof trusted Internet content.
Rising star Michael Clarke has been named in the Australian cricket squad for this month #39;s Test series with New Zealand, replacing a luckless Simon Katich.
Letting Africans save Africa has become an operating objective for world diplomats. But that #39;s been difficult for one former colonial power, France.
Madonna made a rare foray into politics Tuesday, calling for her home country to withdraw its troops from Iraq during an interview with British radio, reports Agence France-Presse.
The FCC decides that cable, phone and other companies offering internet-based phone services fall under federal jurisdiction. The company calls the ruling a victory for consumers.
Development tools for upcoming upgrade to Unix operating system will be coming soon.
The lawyer for Abimael Guzman, ex-leader of Peru's Shining Path rebels, says he is denied access to his client.
Reuters - Israeli forces shot and\killed two Palestinians on Tuesday in separate incidents in the\West Bank and Gaza Strip.
AP - The NBA suspended Milwaukee Bucks forward Marcus Fizer on Tuesday for one game following his guilty plea on a gun charge.
LIBERTY MEDIA, the second-biggest shareholder in The News Corporation, yesterday denied that it had any hostile intentions towards the media group - a week after it raised its voting 
Technology services firm Electronic Data Systems Corp. plans to seek a five-day extension for its quarterly report from the US Securities and Exchange commission, according to news reports Tuesday.
AFP - A Washington-inspired project for Middle East reform will begin in Morocco next month by looking at ways of improving cooperation and strengthening political and economic reform, the foreign ministry said.
HyperTransport Technology Consortium announced today that is has approved HTX, the industry #39;s first HyperTransport technology expansion connector specification.
Reuters - Two aerospace giants,\Boeing Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp., said on Tuesday they\will form a partnership to compete for the contract to build
Italian teen Arturo Lupoli scored two goals to lead Arsenal past Everton 3-1 Tuesday, putting the Gunners in the fifth round of the English League Cup.
Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, who was dismissed by English premier league club Chelsea for taking cocaine before being banned by the Football Association last week, fired his agents on Monday.
Australia delayed announcing its squad for the first cricket Test against New Zealand next week and Kiwi skipper Stephen Fleming delayed his arrival in Sydney due to illness.
AP - The Browns placed offensive lineman Kelvin Garmon and defensive back Leigh Bodden on injured reserve Tuesday.
Cisco Systems Inc., the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for its networking gear.
US troops today pushed further towards the centre of Falluja after a night of artillery and aerial bombardment of the city. The Associated Press reported heavy street fighting in the northern districts from 
Six nations planning to build the world's biggest nuclear fusion reactor fail to agree where to site the facility.
John Ashcroft and Don Evans are the first members of President Bush's cabinet to leave as he heads into his second term.
Cisco Systems, the IT systems producer, records a strong start to the year with first quarter profits rising 29.
Air pollution has been wrongly blamed for worsening winter cases of asthma, say US researchers.
Bring Jenny DiDomenico a list of 12 friends and relatives, and she could have your holiday shopping done for you in about two hours.
Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair must make aircraft\pollution a priority in his drive to confront the problems of\climate change, an expert parliamentary committee of peers said\on Wednesday.
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center this week plans to announce its first annual operating profit since the 1996 merger that brought one of the city's premier medical institutions to the brink of bankruptcy.
NEW YORK The dollar firmed against the euro on Tuesday, finding support from a growing chorus of European officials expressing concerns over the rapid ascent of their currency.
National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk producer, ended merger talks with SPC Ardmona Ltd. so investors can consider Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd.
Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. posted a much wider third-quarter net loss as it wrote off the remaining goodwill on the TV Guide magazine business.
On a clear day in Los Angeles last August there was a close call that almost ended in disaster. Tuesday, the NTSB released animation and radio transmissions, revealing a Southwest 737 cleared 
A flaw in Microsoft #39;s security server software could allow an attacker to fool business users into thinking that malicious content can be trusted, the software giant warned on Tuesday.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates speaks Tuesday, Nov. 9, 2004 at Microsoft Corp. #39;s annual shareholders meeting in Bellevue, Wash.
A Connecticut man was arrested on Tuesday on charges that he illegally sold a secret source code used for Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSFT.
 NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli forces shot and  killed two Palestinians on Tuesday in separate incidents in the  West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Manchester United #39;s Scottish international midfielder Darren Fletcher is expected to make a rare appearance against Crystal Palace in the Carling Cup.
IRELAND looks certain to be stripped of its only gold medal from the Athens Olympics after the nations most popular horse, Waterford Crystal, tested positive for a banned drug.
Rarely in history has a political movement been so deliberately set by its founder on a course towards chaos. Arafat not only left no successor, but also no order.
The six nations planning to build the world #39;s biggest nuclear fusion reactor ended their latest meeting with no agreement on a site for the facility.
Suspected Islamic militants beheaded a Buddhist laborer in Thailand #39;s tumultuous south, police said Tuesday, the second such killing in retaliation for the deaths 
Where would you rather have your baby delivered -- at a prestigious Boston teaching hospital or at a community hospital near your home? My guess is most people would opt for the teaching hospital.
AP - The Kansas City Wizards and D.C. United plan to play the same scrappy style in the MLS championship game that they used to get that far.
Consumers can take music, photos and movies on the road when Sony's Vaio U hits the United States next month.
US regulators ruled Tuesday that providers of Internet-based telephone call services fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government and cannot be regulated by states.
AP - Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.
PC World - Mozilla hopes to capture more than 10 percent of the browser market in 2005.
Irish showjumper Cian OConnor was facing the prospect of losing his Olympics gold medal tonight after a second positive drugs test on his horse.
A near-collision between a jumbo jet and another plane in August prompted US safety investigators on Tuesday to classify as unacceptable aviation regulators #39; efforts to improve runway safety.
IBM Lotus expanded its lineup of Workplace client-computing software Tuesday, debuting an Express version of the product for small and midsize businesses.
A magnetic resonance imaging test Monday revealed that Jets quarterback Chad Pennington had a strained rotator cuff in his right shoulder.
AP - A posting on an Islamist Web site warned Iraqis to stay at home Wednesday in Baghdad and other cities or they would be "putting their lives in danger."
AP - Reactions Tuesday to the resignations of Attorney General John Ashcroft and Commerce Secretary Don Evans:
AP - An exotic marsh grass is spreading throughout San Francisco Bay more rapidly than anticipated, threatening native plants and birds and prompting an urgent search for ways to eradicate it.
AP - A solar sail spacecraft designed to be propelled by the pressure of sunlight will be launched early next year, The Planetary Society said Tuesday.
Decision exempts Vonage from Minnesota state telephony laws.
Mozilla hopes to capture more than 10 percent of the browser market in 2005.
Decision may bring world of wireless peripherals to market.
Reuters - Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has a\loftier goal than dominating the online retail market -- he\wants to help colonize space.
Plus: Microsoft ready to launch search engine
Baby Bell extends broadband offerings to 16 more regions in its geographical footprint.
The full-scale assault on the Iraqi rebel city of Falluja could intensify, warns the US officer in charge of the offensive.
Maurice Clarett's contentions in an ESPN the Magazine article were dismissed by the Ohio State athletic director as issues the university had already dealt with.
Alonzo Mourning should dwell less on his passion for winning an N.B.A. championship and more on being a champion of the transplant community.
AP - The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players' union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
AP - Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday reported significant gains in earnings and revenue for its fiscal 2005 first quarter that met analyst expectations.
Troublesome Trojan horses, virulent worms, nasty viruses--sometimes it may seem like the Internet exists just to let the bad guys attack your PC.
Crude oil futures continued to plummet Wednesday on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
Euro Disney plans a life-saving 250 million euro (\$322 million) capital increase in mid-January if market conditions permit, said its finance 
Cisco Systems, the largest maker of Internet networking equipment, reported Tuesday that its first-quarter profit rose 29 percent, squarely in line with Wall Street forecasts.
Britain should look to Europe rather than the US for its economic destiny, the French Finance Minister said yesterday as Gordon Brown launched a scathing attack on the euro system.
Microsoft is planning to introduce its long-awaited Internet search engine on Thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
A Connecticut computer hacker was arrested yesterday and charged with selling copies of Microsoft Windows proprietary source code.
The departure yesterday of Miami Dolphins Coach Dave Wannstedt adds another layer of unrest to a Miami season that has included the unexpected preseason retirement of the star running back 
Rio Ferdinand has rejected Sir Alex Fergusons theory that Manchester United are finding the Barclays Premiership too mundane - and told his team-mates they must all shoulder responsibility 
MILWAUKEE Bucks forward Marcus Fizer was suspended for one game without pay by the NBA today after pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
Government scrutiny of Boeing (BA:NYSE - news - research) appears to be widening, with federal prosecutors reportedly now looking at a \$100 billion Army program Boeing oversees.
Americans Hank Kuehne, Chad Campbell, Zach Johnson and Chris Riley beat a foursome of international players on the first playoff hole Tuesday in the inaugural Tommy Bahama Challenge.
Simon Katich has lost a close call for the final batting place to Darren Lehmann for the first Test against New Zealand at the Gabba, starting on November 18.
AP - Japan's current account surplus expanded 9.3 percent in September from a year earlier, for its 15th consecutive month of growth, the government said Wednesday.
The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
First-day sales of Microsoft #39;s new video game Halo 2 will reach \$100 million, a senior Microsoft games executive said Tuesday.
_ Two of three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have called home to say they are OK, officials and relatives said Tuesday, and one hostage said she expected to be released soon.
WASHINGTON - The unexpected boom in US job creation in October has locked in an interest rate rise Wednesday and will likely encourage another tightening in December, analysts said.
Seattle Mariners: The team has hired former major league player and manager Don Baylor as hitting coach. Baylor, 55, spent the past two seasons as a bench coach for the New York Mets.
China repatriates up to 70 North Koreans caught in Beijing while allegedly preparing to seek asylum.
As Yasir Arafat lay in a deep coma, Palestinian officials asked Israel for permission to bury him in Ramallah.
The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.
Roger Clemens sounded like a relieved pitcher who had thrown his last fastball after easily winning an unprecedented seventh Cy Young Award.
Because of quarterback Chad Pennington's strained rotator cuff, Quincy Carter, a four-year veteran, is being thrown into the fire again.
Australia's Darren Lehmann and Shane Warne return to take on New Zealand.
Marks  amp; Spencer chief executive Stuart Rose yesterday took hands-on control of the underperforming retailer, announcing the departure of four main board directors and two other senior executives.
The FCC ruled that Vonage #39;s broadband telephony service is not subject to traditional state public utility regulation and asserted its federal authority over VoIP.
Commerzbank is almost halving the number of people in its London securities operation in a drastic effort to boost the profitability of the loss-making operation.
Lloyds TSB is moving another 1,000 jobs to India, increasing its workforce in Bangalore and Mumbai to 2,500 by the end of next year.
Microsoft Corp. finally came through with Halo 2 and ended the waiting period of millions of gamers worldwide today by announcing Halo 2 in the market.
As if he didn #39;t have the ball in his hands often enough in previous seasons, scoring machine Allen Iverson also is now the point guard for Philadelphia.
Diminutive yet dynamic Sri Lankan wicketkeeper Romesh Kaluwitharana has retired following his omission from a Sri Lankan training squad due to face New Zealand next month.
US and Iraqi forces have faced less resistance than expected and suffered minimal casualties, a commander said Tuesday, as the troops continue their second day of assaults on militant-controlled Falluja.
ISLAMABAD, Nov 9: The United States on Tuesday assured Pakistan of continuity and expansion of bilateral ties in all spheres, particularly economic and security matters.
The Afghan government announced Tuesday that contact had been made with the three United Nations election officials kidnapped nearly two weeks ago and expressed hope that they would be released soon.
AP - The Worcester IceCats will move to Peoria, Ill., next season after the sale of the AHL team by the St. Louis Blues is completed.
The Cosmos 1 team announced today that the worlds first solar sail spacecraft will be set for launch on March 1, 2005 from a submerged submarine in the Barents Sea.
 The new pump at the Shell station on Benning Road NE in the District doesn't look much different from the others, but it represents a new concept in automotive technology: hydrogen power.
As part of a crackdown on false and deceptive diet claims, letters sent Tuesday reminded media companies to stop publishing ads for bogus weight-loss products.
Staggered by accusations that it cheated its customers, Marsh   McLennan will lay off 3,000 employees, or 5 percent of its work force.
Shaquille O'Neal has the Miami Heat off to their best start ever after scoring 20 points in a 103-93 victory over the Wizards.
Patients given Pfizers painkiller Bextra have more than twice as many heart attacks and strokes as those given placebos, according to preliminary results of a study.
The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company is using patriotic imagery in its new marketing campaign to gain a toehold inside the Pentagon.
Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from Californias insurance commissioner for their \$16.4 billion merger.
The NFLPA may discipline at least one of the agents involved in a string of high-profile contract controversies that occurred recently.
A game-winning save in penalty kicks last Saturday marked the pinnacle of a tumultous season for United keeper Nick Rimando.
Ad campaigns for the holiday season from retailers like Best Buy and Target aim to forge emotional bonds with consumers.
According to the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment, the  quot;Arctic climate is now warming rapidly and much larger changes are projected.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh returned early on Wednesday after a  quot;successful quot; three-day visit to The Hague where he attended the India-EU Summit.
WASHINGTON -- The Federal Communications Commission Tuesday yanked jurisdiction on Internet telephony away from states, a decision that could set a major precedent for the industry.
A line nearly 250 people long was standing all the night and thats just in order to buy a new video game from Microsoft  quot;Halo 2 quot;.
Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-promised Internet search engine, which will compete directly with market leader Google, sources close to the company said Tuesday.
RIO DE JANEIRO: Brazilian footballer Robinho appealed for his family to be left in peace as he spoke in public for the first time since his mother was kidnapped on Saturday.
DC Mayor Anthony A. Williams has persuaded seven of the council #39;s 13 members to line up in support of his baseball financing plan by slipping more than \$70 million in 
The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.
Microsoft will introduce its long-awaited Internet search engine on Thursday, a person knowledgeable about the announcement said.
The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
Collaborative history is a wild ride, as Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia maintained by users all over the world, discovered during election season.
AP - The Los Angeles Lakers gave new Hornets coach Byron Scott every reason to wish he was still a part of Showtime.
Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO), the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 29 percent on stronger demand for 
MICROSOFT has stepped up its efforts to compete with rival Google, offering consumers a preview of its technology for searching the internet this week.
AP - An Italian aid worker abducted in the Philippines was released unharmed early Wednesday, the military said.
A baseball executive said that there have been preliminary conversations between the Mets and Dodgers about a trade of Mike Piazza for Shawn Green.
Nearly all its customers will be indemnified against claims that their use of Microsoft software infringed on any intellectual property claims.
Episcopal forward Arinze Onuaku will make his choice official when he signs a national letter-of-intent to play for Syracuse Wednesday.
Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle benches Ron Artest on Tuesday night and for Wednesday's game against the Clippers for an unspecified reason.
A satellite tracking project shows the ocean hotspots where albatrosses come into conflict with longline trawlers.
An adapter made by Siemens allows phones to make calls using the Internet or the traditional phone network.
Company reports a decline in its router business during its quarterly earnings, which barely met analyst expectations.
Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from John Garamen, Californias insurance commissioner, to create the nation's largest health insurer.
Cisco Systems, the largest maker of Internet networking equipment, said its first-quarter profit rose 29 percent.
Check out new gadgets as holiday season approaches.
Formula One bosses agree a cost-cutting deal which could save the British Grand Prix.
Mozilla Firefox has features and extensions that go far beyond what you get with Internet Explorer.  Here's how to turbocharge the browser to enhance your online experience.
The Securities and Exchange Commission unanimously proposed rules yesterday that would require a majority of board members at the nation #39;s stock exchanges to be independent 
There #39;s a new game in town concerning luring businesses to a state, and we have to point out that North Carolina, under the leadership of Gov.
Strolling between classes at Stanford University in Palo Alto, Calif., Blake Ross looks like any other bleary-eyed sophomore. Few would guess that the laptop-carrying 
Microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for Windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
Senior Palestinian officials, after consulting with doctors treating Yasser Arafat and visiting his hospital, said Tuesday his condition had deteriorated dramatically 
Israeli Finance Minister Binyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday took back his threat to withdraw from the governing Likud Party, but a minority religious party quit Prime 
Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath has denied reports that President Yasser Arafat is dead, adding that Islam did not allow for him to be taken off life-support.
The stock exchanges in the United States would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators on Tuesday.
Chris Webber had a triple-double to help Sacramento win its first game of the season and hand Toronto its first loss. Webber had 21 points, 11 rebounds and 11 assists -- his 18th 
The Dow Jones industrial average ended slightly lower while the Nasdaq composite index inched higher yesterday as investors waited for hints from the Federal Reserve about the pace of interest-rate increases.
Microsoft has reached a \$536 million legal settlement with Novell, resolving all outstanding antitrust claims by Novell against Microsoft involving NetWare and its other products.
The success of Indias broadband policy will depend on the government clearly articulating the strategic role it expects broadband to play in delivering socio-economic gains to all stakeholders.
MANILA, Nov 10 (AFP) - A kidnapped Italian aid worker was recovered unharmed in the southern Philippines on Wednesday, the military said.
The Pentagon #39;s investigation into the actions of a former Air Force official who admitted giving preferential treatment to Boeing Co.
Microsoft Corp. plans to roll out a preview version of its new Internet search service on Thursday, according to a media report. Free!
Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta restructured his baseball operations department with two new hires and a promotion on Tuesday.
An Italian volunteer worker kidnapped earlier by an unidentified group in the southern Philippines has been released, the Philippine military said Wednesday.
An unidentified submarine was found in the Japanese waters Wednesday morning, Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda said. The submarine was spotted in Japan #39;s territorial waters 
Three senior intelligence officers are reportedly jailed in further fallout from an apparent high-level power struggle.
New versions of the MyDoom worm that began spreading late Monday afternoon are among the fastest-ever exploits of an unpatched Microsoft vulnerability, security experts said Tuesday.
TOKYO : Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters, prompting Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to voice concern, officials and reports said.
Cisco Systems, the biggest maker of equipment that directs data over the Internet, said Tuesday its quarterly earnings rose 29 percent with stronger demand for its networking gear.
The latest variant of the MyDoom mass-mailing worm is spreading fast, even as security firms raise the worm #39;s threat assessment.
The nation #39;s stock exchanges would be forced to tighten their governance and move toward separating their self-policing function from their business operations under a plan proposed by federal regulators yesterday.
Firefox 1.0- Mozilla Foundation #39;s first product aimed at users looking for an alternate browser, has met with an overwhelming response from users worldwide.
A deal has been agreed to ensure next year #39;s British and French Formula One Grands Prix take place, according to Minardi boss Paul Stoddart.
It is crystal clear there is no single player in blue and orange who fills the Garden with more energy than the youngest player on the team.
The New York Mets hired two special assistants Tuesday, getting former major leaguer Tony Bernazard from the players #39; union and grabbing Sandy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
A senior US official said on Wednesday deals should not be done with hostage-takers ahead of the latest deadline set by Afghan Islamic militants who have threatened to kill three kidnapped UN workers.
Dave Wannstedt resigned yesterday as Miami Dolphins coach, forced from the job by lousy luck, relentless speculation about his future, and eight losses in nine games.
Rebels have been in control of the northern regions since a failed coup in 2002. Recent unrest has unraveled a 2003 cease-fire between the government and rebels.
BEIJING -- China warned Hong Kong legislators yesterday to forget the idea of holding a referendum on whether residents should be able to directly elect their leaders.
Chinese industrial output slows in October, the latest evidence that its booming economy is being reined in.
An independent academic center at Tufts University said yesterday that critics who blast the American pharmaceutical industry for developing  quot;me-too quot; prescription drugs are wrong.
Telecoms group Cable   Wireless is to shed 600 jobs in the UK and Europe as part of an ongoing restructuring.
 TOKYO (Reuters) - The Japanese navy was mobilized on  Wednesday for the first time in five years after an  unidentified submarine was spotted in waters off Japan.
Technological "inventions" are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
Crude oil futures continued to plummet today on the belief that fuel supplies in the United States will be adequate to deal with its coming winter.
Washington - Phone calls made over the Internet cannot be regulated by states, the Federal Communications Commission said Wednesday.
Northrop Grumman and Boeing said yesterday they will bid as a team to compete for NASA #39;s planned manned and robotic space-exploration program.
Vodafone launches its third-generation services for mobile phones, offering video calls, music downloads and games.
In a new study commissioned by eight countries of the Arctic region, scientists point to an accelerated ice thaw with far-reaching consequences for global climate change and human activity.
Microsoft ISA and Proxy Server are prone to an Internet domain name spoofing vulnerability that could allow an attacker to spoof Internet sites.
Within a converted barn on the Planetary Society #39;s campus Tuesday, a group of scientists, engineers and volunteers began the countdown for a March launch of the 
The Telegraph says Mutu is in rehabilitation and if he comes through that successfully, the Romanian international will be free to join another club next year.
Who knew that 71-year-old assistant coach Dick Helm was the Knicks #39; problem? One day after his head rolled, so did the Knicks.
When the controversial Dutch artist and filmmaker Theo van Gogh was slain in an Amsterdam street last week by a Muslim suspect, it was more than a murder story.
While Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lingers in a coma, the world contemplates what his death will mean to the Middle East #39;s future.
Germans marked a subdued 15th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall on Tuesday, with high unemployment in the formerly communist east and a sense in people #39;s 
India's main opposition party takes action against senior party member Uma Bharti after a public row.
washingtonpost.com - The Federal Communications Commission said yesterday that the federal government, not states, has the authority to regulate phone service provided over the Internet.
AFP - Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters, setting off a chase on the high sea amid mounting disputes between the Asian powers.
Satisfied that the economy is back on track, the Federal Reserve is likely to increase interest rates today, and in December as well.
SYDNEY : Australian share prices returned to record territory, adding 0.28 percent as investors shrugged off disappointing results from National Australia Bank to send the market higher, dealers said.
THE FEDS have fingered the collar of a Connecticut computer hacker. He #39;s been charged with flogging copies of Microsoft Windows proprietary source code.
Retirement is once again pulling at Roger Clemens. Only this time, he thinks he actually might follow through on it for more than a few months.
A top Islamic cleric was rushing to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s hospital bedside Wednesday after his coma deepened and his caretaker government chose a burial site.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, whom many analysts had expected to leave his post in a second Bush administration, has shown little sign 
An initiative by the Bureau of Land Management to conserve the habitat of the northern sage grouse is complicating efforts to earn the bird designation as an endangered species.
As an incentive to buy broadband from BT, the telco is offering free calls via the internet.
A mixture of problems including sharp currency fluctuations has led to uncertainty about how strong and durable the world recovery will prove, British finance minister Gordon Brown said yesterday.
Oxford University succeeds  in gaining a continuation of a wide-ranging injunction against animal rights activists.
A top level report on artic climate change spurred by global warming has outlined possible oil industry benefits, but also many potential pitfalls.
Two years of hype for Microsoft video-game sequel Halo 2 began to pay off yesterday as fans snapped up millions of copies of the alien-blasting game for the Xbox console.
A \$3 billion stem cell research initiative in California means the Garden State faces stiff competition to secure and retain top researchers, experts warned Tuesday.
The Romanian Soccer Federation (FRF) has asked FIFA to clarify whether striker Adrian Mutu can train during his seven-month ban for taking cocaine.
ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast The UN says it #39;s starting to evacuate its staff from the west African nation of Ivory Coast, following four days of chaotic violence there.
Kidnappers of three UN workers in Afghanistan said on Wednesday the government had agreed to terms for their release, despite indications from Afghan and US officials that a compromise was not possible.
AP - An Italian aid worker abducted in the southern Philippines was released unharmed after Muslim separatist rebels reportedly helped authorities corner his kidnappers.
Israeli troops on Tuesday shot and killed two Palestinians who entered an unauthorized area in the Gaza Strip, military sources said.
Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-awaited internet search service that is expected to compete with market leaders Google and Yahoo, The Wall Street Journal said.
A crisis of confidence was averted last night as the suddenly determined Knicks went to work on the Philadelphia 76ers and posted a relatively easy 96-88 victory at Madison Square Garden.
VODAFONE, the world #39;s largest mobile phone network, launched its third-generation services in 13 countries today, including the UK.
US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage says in Kabul there should be no talks with kidnappers of three UN workers.
AP - Roger Clemens has waited a half-dozen years now for some telltale sign that his time is up.
The more that Isiah Thomas insisted yesterday he will never coach the Knicks, the more you wanted to ask,  quot;Well, why would you?
AFP - An Italian aid worker walked free from the southern Philippines jungle, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas serves up a little something for everyone, unless you're against mayhem and dark humor. By Lore Sjberg.
With services like 311, a better, smarter city is just a phone call away. By Steven Johnson from Wired magazine.
The chairwoman of the District of Columbia Council delayed a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium on the Anacostia River in southeast Washington that would host the Montreal Expos.
CLAMART, France - A senior Islamic cleric arrived in France on Wednesday to visit the bedside of the ailing Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Palestinian officials said.
Three Dutch police officers have been wounded in a grenade explosion during an anti-terrorist raid in The Hague. Police said two of the officers were seriously injured.
AFP - European stock markets pushed upwards in early deals as company news provided a fillip in otherwise cautious trading ahead of a US interest rate decision.
Zimbabwe MPs agree to amend a tough media law, threatening unregistered journalists with jail.
EURO DISNEY, the financially crippled French theme park operator, has admitted that its annual losses more than doubled last financial year as it was hit by a surge in costs.
A QUARTER of a billion people in some of the worlds poorest and most populous countries in East Asia have been lifted out of extreme poverty by rapid economic growth over 
Federal regulators sent a powerful message Tuesday to California and other states to leave the fledgling Internet telephone industry alone for now.
After a year in development, The Mozilla Foundation has finally released the full  #39;official #39; version of its already popular open-source Web browser, Firefox.
In a bid to further differentiate itself from its Linux rivals, Microsoft has said it will expand its legal indemnification programme to cover almost all its customers.
SALISBURY, Md. -- The 11 News I-Team has uncovered more information in connection with the drunken driving arrest of Olympic swim star Michael Phelps.
Two members of the Iraqi prime ministers family have been abducted from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed today. Kidnappers claimed to be holding three relatives.
AFP - German exports were booming in the first nine months of the year and are heading for record levels despite the strong euro, data released by the federal statistics office showed.
European Aeronautic Defense and Space Co., the parent of aircraft maker Airbus SAS, has proposed splitting a contested US Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival 
AFP - Japan was on alert after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its waters near a disputed gasfield, setting off a high seas chase amid mounting disputes between the two countries.
Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division on Thursday will launch a public beta of its Web search technology, according to sources familiar with the plans.
 quot;Other recent syntheses of biological impacts, including my own, have focused on very large datasets across the globe, quot; said Parmesan.
Jeremy Peace researched the subject of Bryan Robson to such an extent that the West Bromwich Albion chairman would have no problems writing a detailed biography of his new manager.
Forget ginseng--News.com's Michael Kanellos says a chip in the head could be just the thing to improve your memory power.
CABLE  amp; Wireless has unveiled another round of job cuts, with the announcement that it plans to reduce its head count in the UK and Continental Europe by 600.
New York - Microsoft Corp will roll out its long-awaited internet search service on Thursday, adding fresh competition to Google Inc, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
(November 10, 2004) - They stood out in the cold, in the snow, in the middle of the night like concert junkies waiting for tickets to see their favorite band.
A new non-partisan study shows global warming is happening faster than anyone expected with effects in our own backyards. Biologist Doctor Camille Parmesan studies how living creatures respond to environmental 
AFP - Microsoft will launch its long-awaited Internet search service that is expected to compete with market leaders Google and Yahoo.
Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.
The world's first spacecraft to use a solar sail for propulsion is set to be launched from a submerged Russian submarine on 1 March next year.
London - Cable and Wireless, the struggling British telecoms group, said Wednesday it would cut 600 jobs across Europe, part company with a top executive and shut its London headquarters.
ProMOS Technologies has agreed to pay Infineon Technologies license fees for 0.17-, 0.14- and 0.11-micron DRAM trench technologies.
California #39;s insurance commissioner Tuesday dropped his opposition to Anthem Inc. #39;s proposed \$18.4 billion purchase of WellPoint Health Networks Inc.
The US software giant Microsoft said it would launch its Internet search service on Thursday amid the fierce competition with rival Google.
Vodafone, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, today finally launched its third generation (3G) services as it seeks to recoup 16.
David Beckham should be fit to return to action for Real Madrid this weekend after a month out with a rib injury, the club said on their website on Wednesday.
Eddie Griffin begins a new chapter in his life as a professional basketball player more than 18 months after the book seemed to close on his promising NBA career.
could take drastic steps if the talks did not proceed as Tehran wants. Mehr news agency quoted him as saying on Wednesday. that could be used 
Tony Blair faces MPs today for the first time since the launch of the US-led assault on Falluja and the death of four members of the Black Watch just south of Baghdad.
AP - Former Rep. Frank Ballance pleaded guilty Tuesday to a charge that he used a charitable foundation to bilk the government and funnel money to his law firm, church and family.
French industrial output soared in September as the car sector bounced back from a summer slowdown, figures show.
STUART Rose conceded that more than 60 years of Marks  amp; Spencer experience was walking away with the clutch of top-tier departures.
A faster-than-expected thaw of the Arctic is likely to open legendary short-cut routes between the Pacific and the Atlantic but experts say 
Voice-over-IP software maker Skype starting today will include the beta of its Skype API (Application Program Interface) with its Skype for Windows product.
Twice world rally champion Carlos Sainz retired five days earlier than planned on Wednesday when injury forced him to pull out of the Rally of Australia.
Taliban-linked kidnappers of three UN election workers, including a British woman, claimed today that a deal could be close for their release.
US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage (L) shakes hands with Pakistani Foreign Minister Khurshid Kasuri prior to their meeting in Islamabad, 09 November 2004.
DSL, cable providers offer new discounts--with a catch.
Microsoft Corp. is set to unleash its much-anticipated search technology on Thursday, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader Google Inc.
Apples iTunes online music store is one of the largest music stores currently with over one million downloads thus far. The company has launched its online stores subsidiaries in 14 countries including 
Software giant hopes to challenge Google with new search technology.
Home builder DR Horton Inc. said Wednesday that fourth-quarter net income surged 52 percent on improved results in all its markets.
The world #39;s first spacecraft to use a solar sail for propulsion is set to be launched from a submerged Russian submarine on 1 March next year.
Bryan Robson has done the managerial equivalent of swimming the channel in landing a Premiership job after three years out of the top flight.
AP - The Palestinian parliament speaker will become temporary president of the Palestinian Authority in the event of Yasser Arafat's death, PLO leaders decided Wednesday.
The Federal Open Market Committee, the rate-setting panel for the US Federal Reserve, began its deliberations Wednesday with a rate hike widely expected.
Martha Stewart, the imprisoned celebrity homemaker, is asking her company to help pick up about \$3.7 million in legal expenses stemming from her criminal trial.
The US trade gap shrank by a sharper than expected 3.7 in September as exports rose to a record high, despite a new record deficit with China.
The Bank of England today hinted that interest rates may have peaked as it said it was on course to meet its inflation target assuming that rates remain unchanged.
Microsoft is set to unleash its much-anticipated search technology this week, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader Google.
In a bid to further differentiate itself from open source rivals, Microsoft Tuesday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
PASADENA, Calif. There could be something new under the sun next year -- the first controlled flight by a spaceship designed to run off solar wind.
Robert Pires, the Arsenal midfielder, has been dropped from the France squad following a public outburst against coach Raymond Domenech.
Gunmen have abducted three relatives of Iraq #39;s prime minister from outside their Baghdad home, the interim Iraqi government said on Wednesday.
JAPAN was on alert yesterday after a suspected Chinese nuclear submarine entered its territorial waters. The submarine was detected in Japanese waters near islands disputed with China about 300km southwest 
Police in Kashmir fired tear gas and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of people protesting the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by soldiers.
Economists say growth in federal defense and anti-terrorism spending has fueled economic recovery and boosted tax collections.
Insurgent leaders in Falluja probably fled before the American-led offensive and may be coordinating attacks in Iraq.
The dollar slumps to a new record low against the euro, breaching the \$1.30 level on news of another large trade deficit.
Like so much else they consider beyond their control, Palestinians in Nablus are adjusting to the prospect of Yasir Arafat's death.
Egypt has agreed to a Palestinian Authority request to hold funeral services in Cairo for Yasir Arafat.
Argentine indigenous leaders reject an offer by clothing giant Benetton to hand over land to end a dispute.
An Islamic court in northern Nigeria acquits a woman who had been sentenced to death by stoning for adultery.
Estonian defence minister Margus Hanson resigns after admitting confidential documents were stolen from his home.
Pakistan's supreme court rejects a petition to free from house arrest disgraced nuclear scientist AQ Khan on health grounds.
Technological "inventions" are not going to have the same kind of transformative value that they did in the past.
Anti-poaching measures mean Tanzania's rhino populations have a chance to recover, reports Tira Shubart.
PC World - Software giant hopes to challenge Google with new search technology.
AFP - The United States is opposed to negotiations with hostage-takers who abducted three United Nations staffers in Afghanistan last month, US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage said.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has debunked fears of job losses in industrialised nations due to outsourcing of services to developing nations.
SPACE.com - New images of the planet Uranus reveal more diversity in cloud features than ever seen before.
The US Supreme Court serves up a pair of tasty cases this week, one involving interstate sales of wine and the other exploring a government ad campaign for beef.
WASHINGTON : US Federal Reserve policymakers opened a meeting, nearly certain to raise key interest rates amid signs of a resurgent American jobs market.
Stocks were mixed Wednesday as the Federal Reserve prepared to meet and investors looked ahead to an another hike in interest rates.
Revlon Inc. #39;s third-quarter loss widened amid a 7 percent drop in sales as the cosmetics giant completed an ambitious refinancing effort.
The telecommunications firm Cable  amp; Wireless today said it would cut another 600 jobs and return 250m to investors as it reaches the halfway mark in a three-year recovery plan.
Microsoft Corp. is planning to launch its own Web search engine on Thursday, according to several reports published Tuesday evening.
Astronaut Pam Melroy has logged more than 560 hours in space. She slowed down long enough Tuesday to discuss the future of space exploration at Stennis Space Center.
The driver of the train which crashed into a car on a level crossing killing him and six others had just two or three seconds to stop, an official report has found.
Two members of the Iraqi interim prime minister #39;s family were abducted from their Baghdad home, his spokesman confirmed Wednesday.
As the clock keeps fatally ticking for Darfurian refugees, the Sudanese government and rebels from Darfur finally reached landmark security and humanitarian agreements yesterday.
Srinagar witnessed widespread public anger on Wednesday over the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by an army officer. Youths took to the streets burning tyres in the morning.
CBI director general Digby Jones yesterday clashed with French finance minister Nicolas Sarkozy over the state-backed rescue of one of France #39;s biggest industrial companies.
The number of Americans filing initial claims for jobless pay rose last week to 333,000, the Labor Department said on Wednesday, but was still lower than expected by Wall Street.
Romania striker Adrian Mutu, banned for seven months for taking cocaine, is to hold talks with Serie A leaders Juventus, an Italian club official says.
The immortal words of Spinal Tap while they were lost in the maze of backstage hallways couldn #39;t have suited the Edmonton Road Runners any better.
Avril Doyle, president of the Irish Equestrian Federation, believes Cian O #39;Connor #39;s Olympic medal is tarnished following a positive blood test.
The United Nations and France have begun mass evacuations of UN staff and foreign nationals following days of violence and looting in Ivory Coast, a UN spokesman said.
An Islamic appeal court in Nigeria today overturned a sentence of death by stoning handed down to a 29-year-old pregnant woman for having sex out of wedlock.
Reuters - Scotland became the latest country to\take a stand against tobacco on Wednesday by announcing a ban\on smoking in public buildings.
AFP - A visiting British deputy minister condemned the bombing by suspected Maoist rebels of an office block in the Nepalese capital Kathmandu which injured 38 people.
Bosnian Serb leaders apologise for the first time to relatives of up to 8,000 Muslims killed in Srebrenica in 1995.
AP - American commanders are expressing confidence that the Fallujah offensive will restore order in that hotbed of Sunni resistance, but they caution that much fighting remains.
Separatist militants set off a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest guerrilla attacks in weeks, police said on Sunday.
AP - In a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling, a World Trade Organization panel Wednesday said Washington should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another increase in US oil and natural gas inventories ahead of winter.
The European Commission has said it will pursue its anti-trust case against Microsoft despite the loss of two of the Commission #39;s principal supporters from the IT industry.
PC World - Multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
Microsoft is set to launch a trial version of its long-awaited Internet search engine, as it reacts to the growing threat of Google.
Nov. 10, 2004. Microsoft is extending the policy that currently protects some of its business customers from potential legal costs associated with intellectual-property disputes to all of its customers, including consumers.
The organisation behind Firefox is hoping that the open source Web browser can grab 10 per cent of the US market in 2005, it said yesterday.
World Cup winner Josh Lewsey has underlined the importance of England delivering a confidence-building performance against Canada this weekend.
Former All Black winger Jonah Lomu says he is still hopeful of a return to competitive rugby following his kidney transplant earlier this year.
PC World - Software giant expands its indemnification program to cover the majority of its customers.
France and the United States on Wednesday began evacuating thousands of foreigners trapped for days by violent attacks targeting French civilians and troops in this West African nation.
AP - A Shanghai shipyard has agreed to build up to five giant container ships the China's biggest shipping line, the shipyard company said Wednesday.
USATODAY.com - A redesigned pedestrian mall on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House opened to the public Tuesday.
SunTrust Banks Inc. has fired its chief credit officer and two other employees because of errors that will delay third-quarter earnings and force the company to restate some financial results.
The European Union #39;s head office on Wednesday predicted a smooth transition to the euro in the 10 new EU nations that are hoping to adopt the common currency by 2010.
One pitcher in the history of baseball has won more Cy Young Awards than Randy Johnson, and he widened his lead Tuesday. Houston Astros ace Roger Clemens earned his record seventh Cy Young 
Casino giant MGM Mirage is building a \$4bn gambling resort complex in the centre of Las Vegas.
The European Commission is to start monitoring China, Ukraine and Russia to see if they are making genuine efforts to stop counterfeit goods.
Netflix spins the color wheel for a spell and it's a much brighter color than red.
Cisco Systems Inc. shares had their biggest decline in three months, dragging down other technology stocks, after Chief Executive John Chambers said sales growth will slow this quarter 
Brussels has said the EU #39;s newest members should adopt the euro in one step, in contrast to the currency #39;s original phased introduction.
The first case of soybean rust, an economically devastating disease for farmers, has been found in the mainland United States, the US Agriculture Department said on Wednesday.
In a bid to further differentiate itself from open-source rivals, Microsoft this week says it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers.
Skype Technologies is teaming with Siemens to offer cordless phone users the ability to make Internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
An Italian aid worker walked free from the jungles of the southern Philippines on Wednesday, a day after he was abducted by local gunmen, officials said.
The Bofra worm was released Monday--one day before the software giant's monthly patch update.
In the very week Mozilla Firefox Version 1.0 was launched, a series of potentially nasty security holes have been uncovered in older versions of the browser.
Skype Technologies SA is teaming with Siemens AG to offer cordless phone users the ability to make Internet telephony calls, in addition to traditional calls, from their handsets.
Software giant expands its indemnification program to cover the majority of its customers.
Multifunction devices, workgroup printers, and a new digital pen debut.
Interest rates may have peaked, the Bank of England has signalled as it warned that house prices could fall further in the coming months.
Major banks being investigated by the Commerce Commission for not properly disclosing credit card fees, insisted yesterday they have been upfront with the public over the fees for the past few years.
On Monday, the Bluetooth SIG, the organization behind the Bluetooth specification, announced the launch of the Bluetooth v2.0 spec.
Sacked former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu was in Italy today for talks with Serie A leaders Juventus. The disgraced Romanian international is banned from all football until 
(Sports Network) - The much-improved Orlando Magic will take aim at their fourth win in five games tonight, when they take on the Washington Wizards at the MCI Center.
(Sports Network) - The Toronto Raptors continues its Western Conference road trip tonight when they play the Utah Jazz at the Delta Center.
Young adults are the prime target of Vodafone's first video phones, which supports music downloads and TV clips.
Microsoft this week reached legal and financial settlements with two of its most vocal antitrust critics -- Novell and the Computer  amp; Communications Industry Association.
The FCC has ruled against state regulation of voice-over-IP phone services, saying that disparate state regulations would slow their rollout.
Microsoft is expanding its indemnification program for Windows and other software products in order to shield users from legal claims and patent disputes.
Seattle - Software giant Microsoft is hoping to repel a challenge from Internet rivals Google and Yahoo by launching its own search engine on Thursday, according to reports on Wednesday in the American technology press.
Vodafone is targeting the iPod generation with its third-generation cell phones, putting music and video downloading at the heart of its sales push.
This update resolves a newly-discovered, privately reported vulnerability. The vulnerability is documented in the Vulnerability details section of this bulletin.
IT security experts have intercepted a previously undocumented Trojan virus with a novel payload that attempts to send spam SMS messages to mobile phones.
A metro Atlanta school district under fire for putting evolution disclaimers in biology books is making its case today for why the stickers should stay.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (NYSE: AMD) has entered into sourcing and manufacturing technology agreements with Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd.
Two British soldiers have been injured, one seriously, in separate attacks close to the Camp Dogwood military base, south of Baghdad.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rebounded from seven-week  lows on Wednesday as U.S. heating fuel stocks fell again ahead  of winter.
A union warns of "very serious problems over Christmas" if its members vote to strike in a row over pay.
AP - Attacks against Jews have increased in Australia, a report by a major Jewish organization released Sunday showed.
Saturn's largest moon Titan may have water-rich liquid welling up on to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
Timing of viruses that exploit a flaw in IE could be sign that creators are trying to unsettle Microsoft.
Are MyDoom offshoots an attempt to throw Microsoft off-balance?
AP - If heart and resiliency won championships, Colorado would have hoisted the Big 12 trophy before the title game even started.
About 150 American, Australian, Canadian and Spanish nationals gathered at Abidjan #39;s sleek, modern airport. A Spanish air force plane.
Vodafone will primarily target the under-35's, a group which it characterized as the "young, active, fun" market.
Ministry of Economy Trade and Industry will consider company's open-source desktop suite for future bids. 
The Russian president had been speaking of the need to maintain the effectiveness of the UN #39;s top council, the Indian government said.
Antigua and Barbuda, the Caribbean island nation, won a World Trade Organization ruling that US legislation criminalizing online betting violates global laws.
Microsoft is raising the bar on intellectual property rights protection among software vendors -- particularly open source developers -- by extending its existing indemnification policy to 
Saturn #39;s largest moon Titan may have molten ice welling up to the surface from its warm interior, data from the Cassini spacecraft suggests.
Juwan Howard scored 20 points for the Rockets, who dropped the Grizzlies to 0-and-4. Yao Ming added 14 points and eleven rebounds to the win.
A helicopter pilot and a Black Watch soldier were wounded close to Baghdad today as Prime Minister Tony Blair came under pressure from families of serving troops and over the future of Scottish regiments.
Ziff Davis - Industry analysts say there are many pluses to BT buying Infonet Services, including giving BT more resources to be a more effective global networking player.
Uefa says it will allow European matches to be played on artificial pitches from the start of next season.
A new family of worms which uses an unpatched vulnerability in Internet Explorer is spreading widely across the net.
Braving some of the world's coldest temperatures and wickedest winds, researchers are drilling ice cores in Antarctica to answer questions about global climate change.
Veterans Day, November 11, recognizes U.S. soldiers who have seen combat on the nation's behalf. Two groups are working to ensure that veterans are remembered for their service.
Birder Mathew Tekulsky reveals the effectiveness of a concealed location for viewing birds, as he describes the behavior of quail and jays in his yard.
Stocks were mixed Wednesday as Federal Reserve policymakers met and investors looked ahead to another hike in interest rates. In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial 
The World Trade Organization confirmed that a US prohibition the cross-border gaming and gambling over the Internet was illegal under global trade rules.
PARIS - France said Wednesday it plans to sell about one-third of Areva SA in a partial privatization of the state-owned nuclear group.
The retailing giant Federated Department Stores Inc. on Wednesday reported a 10 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, citing improvements after Florida hurricanes hurt September sales.
The US Environmental Protection Agency launched new drinking water quality inspections on airliners Tuesday after it found coliform bacteria in the drinking water of one of every eight passenger planes it tested.
Emboldened by the success of a stem cell ballot initiative in California last week, two scientists who have long pushed for an ambitious research center for the biotechnology 
The Treasury Department added a Peruvian airline Wednesday to the U.S. government's list of entities suspected of links to drug trafficking.
The US Federal Reserve, headed by Alan Greenspan, raises interest rates by 0.25 in a widely anticipated move.
NASCAR officials e-mailed a bulletin to team executives Tuesday afternoon advising them that a longstanding ban on hard-liquor advertising will be lifted for next season.
Ex-Malaysian deputy PM Anwar Ibrahim attacks Bangkok's handling of Muslim unrest in southern Thailand.
Bobby Cox is voted NL Manager of the Year for leading the Braves to a 13th straight division title, and Buck Showalter wins the AL honor  after his Rangers became a contender.
NASCAR returns to its roots by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored by distilled spirits.
A fire in a Russian workers #39; hostel killed at least 14 people and may have injured many more, the Emergencies Ministry said on Wednesday.
The Federal Reserve boosted a key short-term interest rate by one-quarter percentage point Wednesday, the fourth increase this year.
Chip giant Intel Corp. reported Wednesday that its board doubled the company's quarterly dividend and authorized an expansion of its ongoing stock repurchase program.
In a ruling that could open the United States to offshore Internet gambling, a World Trade Organization panel Wednesday said Washington should drop prohibitions on Americans placing bets in online casinos.
Everyone seems to have a different definition of nanotechnology, each one deficient in its own way. Missing Links
Company plans to help software companies certify products for SuSE Linux operating system.
In yet another blow to Intel's Itanium ambitions, Microsoft says its big-server version of Windows won't run on the new chip.
JERUSALEM - Israeli forces shot dead two Palestinian gunmen Wednesday during a firefight in the northern Gaza Strip, Israeli military sources said.
Launching in 2005, Uphonia is the latest of the "just add water" virtual cell phone networks.\
The Fed repeated its assertion of the past several months that it would raise short-term rates at a "measured pace."
IBM on Wednesday announced the pre-release of several tools for SMBs (small and midsize businesses) designed to speed development of solutions built on IBM middleware.
Gateway's new motherboard design helps machines run cooler and more quietly than other Gateway desktops.
Contract with Department of Defense is part of homeland security boom.
BEAVER CREEK - Ski racing requires a rare blend of fearlessness, stellar reactions and bionic will - the latter being vital to longevity.
ROME - Cat Stevens, the singer known for hits like Peace Train, has been honoured with a peace prize from former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
Philip Morris USA challenged a \$10.1 billion consumer fraud ruling Wednesday, telling the Illinois Supreme Court that its "light" cigarettes performed as advertised.
Delta Air Lines is to issue millions of new shares without shareholder consent as part of moves to ensure its survival.
PeopleSoft's board turns down Oracle's "best and final" offer. But the database software giant is still on the prowl.
Nearly two years after filing for bankruptcy protection, the Linux vendor is making a profit.
Lower-than-expected sales at Cisco Systems Inc. sent tech stocks tumbling Wednesday while the overall market was little changed after the Federal Reserve announced a widely expected interest rate hike.
No doubt you saw that Microsoft is coughing up \$536 million to pay off an antitrust claim brought by Novell on behalf of its NetWare operating system.
Fletcher Building Ltd., New Zealand #39;s largest building products maker, said it is considering buying parts of Australian construction group Amatek Holdings Ltd.
I know why the caged mogul sings. Celebrity jailbird Martha Stewart has asked the eponymous firm she founded to reimburse her for \$3.
Pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP reported Wednesday that a fatal accident involving one of its pipelines in San Jose, Calif.
Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape #39;s pioneering browser.
Vodafone is aiming for the iPod generation with its third-generation cell phones, putting music and video downloading at the heart of its sales push.
The Environmental Protection Agency has suspended a controversial study aimed at exploring how infants and toddlers absorb pesticides and other household chemicals, officials said yesterday.
OTTAWA - The best new toys on Canadian store shelves as the shopping season approaches include a dancing robo t and an electronic guessing game, according to a new report.
This summer mobile phone operators in Europe were warned that within a year the heavy reliance on Java-powered cell phones and handhelds would make the devices a likely target for attackers.
The French Competition Council has dismissed a case brought by Virgin #39;s French arm against Apple Computer for alleged abuse of market dominance.
Two US Interior Department agencies may clash over separate and apparently incompatible efforts to help the northern sage grouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service is trying to 
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Bobby Cox, who has guided the Atlanta Braves to a record 13 straight division titles, has been named the 2004 National League Manager of the Year.
London: Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralidharan will be able to bowl his controversial doosra if a recommendation from an ICC expert panel is ratified and accepted.
Israeli soldiers shot and killed a man swimming towards the northern Gaza Strip settlement area and arms were found in the area, the army reported.
A car bomb targeting police exploded on a crowded Baghdad street Wednesday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 15 others, police said.
Gateway's new motherboard design helps machines run cooler and more quietly than other Gateway desktops.
Rising sales and net income isn't always what it seems, especially when there's a big, fat inventory hairball in the way.
Independent film producer and distributor Lions Gate has a roaring second quarter.
Blackboard is turning in good growth and rising margins with two hot education software products.
The department store chain is gaining momentum going into the holiday season.
AP - As expected, the Minnesota Vikings will play another game this week without All-Pro wide receiver Randy Moss.
AP - North Carolina State has the most turnovers in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Florida State is among the conference leaders in takeaways.
Contract with Department of Defense is part of homeland security boom.
AP - Serena Williams still loves playing tennis, although her passion for fashion is undeniable.
AP - Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages claimed Wednesday the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives.
AFP - Antigua and Barbuda beat long odds as the World Trade Organization confirmed a ruling that a ban in the United States on Internet gambling violates global trading rules.
AFP - A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft's dominant Internet Explorer.
Henry Schein will distribute Applied Digital's implantable VeriChips to doctors' offices across the country.
AP - Scientists working for the government have developed standards to measure the accuracy of anthrax detection tests, hoping to steer first responders away from tests that have delivered too many false readings.
i2 Technologies is hoping to continue its rebound by rolling out new technology aimed at retailers and manufacturers and forming partnerships that will help make its applications easier to integrate.
PeopleSoft has increased its earnings results for the third quarter after recalculating the income tax benefit related to the severance package for its former CEO, Craig Conway.
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was preparing Saturday to meet in London with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, the BBC reported.
The Mozilla Foundation is busy planning enhancements to its new open-source Firefox Web browser, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools.
Microsoft yesterday said it will expand its indemnification program to cover the vast majority of its customers in a move to set itself apart from open-source rivals.
Cisco yesterday reported net revenue of \$6 billion for its first quarter, a slight uptick compared with the previous quarter but 17.1 more than in the year-ago quarter.
The update for the e-mail program focuses mainly on security enhancements and adds a feature dubbed ScamWatch, which aims to combat "phishing" on the Internet.
Jason Robinson, who will lead world champions England for the first time against Canada on Saturday, says he feels blessed to have been appointed captain.
In the week leading up to the 2003 Fiesta Bowl, Maurice Clarett was denied the chance to attend a friends funeral in Youngstown.
A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Contrary to previous reports, Mel Stottlemyre will return to the New York Yankees as their pitching coach for the 2005 season.
The Federal Reserve is likely to announce a quarter-point rise in the federal funds target rate from 1.75 percent to 2.0 percent, economists and traders agree.
AP - Carolina running back Stephen Davis said Wednesday he expects to play again this season. He didn't sound very convincing.
AFP - Sri Lanka's truce with Tiger rebels has brought fear instead of the expected peace dividend because of the continued forced recruitment of thousands of child soldiers, a rights group said.
US stocks finished flat on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for a fourth time this year and indicated it would keep its moderate campaign of tightening 
Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday its 185 flight superintendents have approved a new contract including 10 wage cuts.
The European Commission says it will go forward with its antitrust case against Microsoft, despite the software giant #39;s recent settlements, which led to Novell and the Computer and Communications 
A World Trade Organization panel on Wednesday ruled that the United States should drop its ban on Americans wagering with offshore Internet casinos.
Casual dining chain Steak n Shake Co. reported Wednesday that fourth-quarter earnings doubled while same-store sales of company-owned restaurants increased for the period.
Look out, Google: the Redmond giant will make its long-awaited big splash into the search engine market tomorrow. The moment of truth has arrived.
THE sequel is king, and games with titles like The Sims 2, Burnout 3 and Myst IV receive far more attention than those increasingly rare games with no pedigree.
WASHINGTON Ethical concerns have prompted the government to postpone a study of how children #39;s bodies absorb pesticides and other chemicals.
Federal prosecutors are charging a Connecticut man with illegally selling source code for the Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 operating systems.
Big guns Liverpool and Manchester United reached the League Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday with 2-0 wins over holders Middlesbrough and an under-strength Crystal Palace 
NASCAR lifted a decades-old ban on liquor ads on cars Wednesday, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
The governing body of European soccer has approved artificial turf for its competitions at the club and national team level beginning next season, UEFA #39;s chief executive said Wednesday.
PARIS, France -- Lille handed Lyon their first defeat of the season on Wednesday, beating the champions 3-2 after extra time in a League Cup first round match.
TENSION between Japan and China grew yesterday when an unidentified nuclear submarine sailed into Japanese waters. The submarine, which had been tracked since Monday and whose nationality remains unknown, was 
AN ARMY pilot attached to The Black Watch battle group was critically injured last night after being shot while at the controls of his helicopter.
Mayor Anthony A. Williams backs the idea of considering private investors to reduce the city's cost of building a ballpark for the Expos.
Ex-NBA forward Dennis Rodman attempts a comeback with the Orange County Crush of the American Basketball Association on Wednesday.
Ecuador's opposition parties fail in efforts to begin impeachment proceedings against President Lucio Gutierrez.
Vodaphone, the biggest cell phone company in the world, has launched a music download service for mobile phones. Broadband Blog
Price cuts and bundles have helped drive steady broadband growth.
Lofty figure backs up predictions that game would eclipse even the biggest Hollywood openings.
Recently posted document throws a little light on a key feature of the next edition of Mac OS X.
Broadband-for-business provider goes Hollywood, with the City by the Bay next in line.
Company says it will come out with 1-gigabit chip for mobile devices next year.
US blue-chip stocks rallied to the day #39;s high, after initially trimming earlier gains, overnight as the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point.
US stocks ended flat on Wednesday, as tech stocks came under pressure from disappointing earnings from technology bellwether Cisco Systems Inc.
Bill Ford, Ford Motor Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive officer, called Wednesday for federal help with health-care costs and the development of hydrogen-powered vehicles.
The company will shield all customers from legal costs and damages involving patent, copyright, trademark, or trade-secret disputes.
United who fielded effectively a reserve side, overcame Crystal Palace with first half goals from Louis Saha and Kieran Richardson.
Burundian President Domitien Ndayizeye dismissed Vice-President Alphonse Marie Kadege on Wednesday for failing in his main mission of assisting the head of state.
How the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in San Jose.
Halo 2 and Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, two hit video game sequels, have had tremendous advance sales. What's all the fuss about?
Using radio scanners to wirelessly identify consumer products is simple in concept but dauntingly complex in reality.
A new robot is intended to serve the elderly by dispensing affection in the form of long-distance hugs.
LONDON: Oil prices fell to seven-week lows below \$47 a barrel on Wednesday as traders braced for another increase in US oil and natural gas inventories.
Vodafone finally launched its long awaited third-generation (3G) mobile phone services yesterday, prompting rival 3 to immediately dismiss them as a threat.
Intel Corp. has taken some lumps this year due to weakening market conditions and several strategic errors, but the semiconductor supplier remains loyal to its shareholders.
The Rally Australia should have been the grand finale of Carlos Sainz #39;s career, a respectful send-off to one of the sport #39;s greatest drivers.
UEFA is contemplating dragging its European competitions down to the level of the average local five-a-side league by paving the way for the return of plastic pitches.
Mel Stottlemyre announced his retirement on Wednesday, but that retirement won #39;t begin for another 11 or 12 months. The long-time Yankees pitching coach will return for 
Pakistani Interior Minister Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao has said that the ongoing military operation in the country #39;s tribal area is being carried out only against foreign terrorists.
Pakistan Wednesday urged India to avoid disrupting conventional arms balance as it was against the quest for peace and security, being pursued by both the countries, the official Associated Press of Pakistan reported.
Kofi Annan willl seek \$1.5bn to deal with what the UN calls the world's forgotten emergencies, many in Africa.
Cable  amp; Wireless drew a line under 50 years of corporate history yesterday by announcing it was relocating its London head office to Bracknell while unveiling a new organisational 
The singer once known as Cat Stevens -- branded by the United States as a potential terrorist risk -- has been awarded a peace prize in Rome for his humanitarian work.
Several non-national families in a loyalist area of north Belfast are considering whether to relocate today following overnight racist attacks on their homes.
As Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O prepares to launch its own Web search engine to take on Google Inc. GOOG.O , industry watchers are already speculating 
The United Nations says Sudanese police have raided a camp in Darfur and destroyed makeshift homes, fired into the air and shouted at terrified villagers.
Iraqi forces fighting alongside US troops in Fallujah yesterday claimed to have found the houses in which civilian hostages were held by militants and beheaded in front of a camera.
The directors of software firm Peoplesoft reject a fifth takeover offer from rival Oracle, decribing the \$8.8bn bid as inadequate.
Apple Computer is still the apple of its own eye, but the company is trying to take a more modest tack with the public. Missing Links
New program called Tycoon lets groups jockeying for needed computing power bid for the resources.
House prices will suffer a  quot;modest quot; fall over the next couple of years, the Bank of England warned yesterday as it cut its forecast for economic growth.
Martha Stewart, the jailed celebrity homemaker, has filed a claim with her company for \$3.7m (2.85m) for help with her legal bills.
Polar bears could be decades from extinction, a survey into global warming has found. Steve Connor reports on the crisis that threatens the polar ice-cap.
NEGOTIATORS claim to have secured a deal to free Annetta Flanigan, the kidnapped United Nations official, and her two colleagues in Afghanistan.
Extra police are patrolling in Northern Ireland in an attempt to stem a tide of racist attacks on immigrants after more violence on Latvians and Filipinos.
PC World's initial test results for this gaming chip are impressive.
AP - Tight end Billy Baber signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on Wednesday, taking the roster spot of suspended backup fullback Andrew Pinnock.
AP - The Washington Wizards unveiled a singles night promotion Wednesday against the Orlando Magic.
AP - The Boston Red Sox claimed left-handed pitcher Billy Traber off waivers from the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday.
AP - Steve Spurrier wants to return to college coaching.
World number one and defending champion Roger Federer of Switzerland was grouped with Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt in the draw on Wednesday for the season-ending ATP Tennis Masters Cup.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Los Angeles Lakers activated fifth-year veteran Slava Medvedenko from the injured list for Wednesday #39;s game at Memphis.
France will begin evacuating its nationals and other Europeans from Ivory Coast starting Wednesday, the spokesman of French forces in the troubled west African country said.
AP - Special forces overpowered two suspected Islamic extremists Wednesday after a 15-hour armed standoff, adding to Dutch concerns that global terrorism has spread into their corner of Europe.
AP - A judge on Wednesday reduced the time former President Rafael Angel Calderon must spend in jail while being investigated on corruption charges.
President Bush said that Alberto R.Gonzales had been "a calm and steady voice at times of crisis" as his White House counsel.
Also, insurgents kidnapped three relatives of the Iraqi prime minister, Ayad Allawi, from their home in Baghdad.
Engineering is among graduate fields with decline in new enrollment, a trend raising questions about U.S. tech leadership.
National Australia Bank, despite reporting a healthy operating profit for its wealth management business, has ended an otherwise tough year on a bad note after today reporting a significant fall in cash earnings for 2004.
Shareholders in Martha Stewart #39;s company have already paid heavily for the businesswoman #39;s personal woes. Now she is coming back for more.
The US government #39;s ban on cross-border gambling is an unfair trade barrier against the island nation of Antigua, the World Trade Organization said.
Retailers and their customers face unduly high fees when using MasterCards, the Office of Fair Trading said yesterday in its latest provisional findings into the way card charges are set.
Siemens has announced a USB dongle that connects Skype users to a cordless phone. But it only works with Siemens #39; own handsets.
The US anti-doping agency banned the sprinter Jerome Young for life yesterday after the world 400-metre champion #39;s second positive test for an illegal steroid.
Premiership adversaries Manchester United and Arsenal will have another chance to do battle at Old Trafford after last night #39;s League Cup quarter-final draw brought the teams together again.
and that was before Larry Hughes gave an announced crowd of 15,042 at MCI Center good reason to go crazy.
The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens, branded by the US as a potential terrorist risk, was awarded a peace prize in Rome yesterday for his humanitarian work.
Shandon Anderson got his freedom yesterday, and the Knicks got some roster flexibility.
The head of the Colombian army was dismissed Wednesday with no explanation just short of a year in the post.
Punter Tom Tupa has emerged as one of Washington's most valuable players, and has played well enough for Pro Bowl consideration.
Jim Bowden, general manager of the franchise scheduled to move to Washington next spring, said he is exploring trades for players.
The manner in which the Cavaliers pull their offensive linemen has been a key to their ground attack's success this season.
The Dolphins terminated the contract of starting safety Antuan Edwards on Wednesday.
Baseball will put instant replay on the agenda for Thursday at the GM meetings and there seems to be growing support among teams.
AP - UCLA guard Cedric Bozeman underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Wednesday and will miss the season.
Palestinians prepare for the funeral and burial of their veteran leader as officials warn of his imminent death.
AP - Ireland has suffered its first homegrown case of the human form of mad cow disease, the government said Wednesday.
AP - An Islamic court in northern Nigeria on Wednesday threw out a death by stoning sentence against a pregnant 18-year-old girl who had been condemned for adultery.
Chilean President Ricardo Lagos received a chilling report on Wednesday from a government commission that interviewed more than 30,000 victims to chronicle 
PeopleSoft's rejection puts the company's fate in the hands of its shareholders and shows that its new management team intends to continue to fight the merger with Oracle.
Is the recent fall in oil prices a turning point or merely a lull before demand picks up in the winter months?
Microsoft rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry on Wednesday.
A LEADING international energy think-tank said the oil boom on world markets is over and predicted that prices are likely to fall over the coming months.
THE Office of Fair Trading yesterday threatened to crack down on the credit card industry over its charging policy. It announced it was issuing the MasterCard network with a final warning to justify the fees 
He was the walking insurance policy the Jets did not want to cash and perhaps the one player his teammates hoped would never see extended time on the field.
 PARIS (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has  been officially announced dead in a Paris military hospital,  Arab broadcaster Al Jazeera said on Thursday.  
Stefan LeFors throws three touchdown passes and No. 12 Louisville waltzes to a 55-28 victory over TCU on Wednesday night.
With Ron Artest asking for days off, the Pacers play like they took the day off themselves as the visiting Clippers hammer Indiana, 102-68.
Microsoft claims its new MSN search engine indexes more web pages than any of its rivals.
AP - Three high school students, one allegedly armed with a bat, were charged with attacking a pro-President Bush classmate after he reportedly said only gays would support Sen. John Kerry.
Mets General Manager Omar Minahas has met with most of the teams that may be willing to trade big-money marquee players in blockbuster deals.
The Palestinian leader spent his final days in a coma at a French military hospital outside Paris.
The Jones Apparel Group, a \$4.3 billion clothing company with a middle-brow reputation, is close to making a deal to buying the Barneys chain.
At an ordinary filling station about a mile east of the Capitol that has the usual selection of regular, premium and diesel at the pumps and chewing gum and soda next 
CANBERRA, Australia -- Australia #39;s jobless rate fell to 5.3 percent last month, the lowest level for 27 years, the government said Thursday.
The United States trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in September, as exports posted their best month on record. In another report, new claims for jobless 
By Bloomberg News. Whole Foods Market Inc., the largest natural-foods grocer in the United States, said yesterday that fourth-quarter profit rose 27 percent as sales increased.
Gaming giant MGM Mirage (MGM) announced plans Wednesday for a \$4.7 billion luxury complex of hotels, condominiums and shopping centers on the Las Vegas Strip.
Suze Orman, a financial planner and CNBC talk show host, wants to tell you about a can't-miss car deal.
NASA will test its latest jet-powered aircraft for the final time next week, aiming to set a world record by flying at 10 times the speed of sound.
AP - Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes and No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU on Wednesday night.
Gavin Reynolds (Rochester, NY) 12/03/04 - From dawn until dusk retailers are pulling out all the stops to make every weekend like the day after Thanksgiving.
Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also ridiculed when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc.
Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead\three Palestinian militants near the West Bank city of Nablus\on Thursday, Palestinian security sources said.
Yasser Arafat, the leader for decades of a fight for Palestinian independence from Israel, has died at a military hospital in Paris, according to news reports.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp. unveiled a preliminary\version of its Web search engine late on Wednesday, in its\first attack on Google Inc. leading position in the market.
AP - Palestinians reacted with tears and tributes to the death of their leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday.
SunTrust Banks said yesterday that it had fired its chief credit officer and two other executives after finding numerous errors in calculating how much to set aside for bad loans.
Norway's foreign minister is due to meet  Tamil rebel leader Velupillai Prabhakaran  to revive the peace process in Sri Lanka.
Tony Blair pays tribute to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat after his death in a French hospital aged 75.
LeBron James pulls the Cavaliers back with a 17-point fourth-quarter to eventually deal the Suns their first loss of the season, 114-109, on Wednesday.
Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, died early Thursday morning in a Paris hospital, a French military spokesman announced.
Various groups are lobbying efforts to shift the brunt of a \$26 million annual baseball stadium tax onto other companies.
September trade data prompted economists to warn anew that the dollar, which briefly hit a record low against the euro Wednesday morning, is likely to continue moving downward in the months ahead.
 A senior House Democrat said yesterday that he will not support a budget increase for the federal regulator of Fannie Mae until questions raised in a confidential report have been addressed.
Scrambling to ease a vaccine crunch, New York City joined other jurisdictions ordering vaccine from Europe, putting pressure on the Bush administration to authorize the shipments.
Unemployment in Australia sinks to the lowest level since 1978, giving a further boost to the re-elected government of John Howard.
An aggressive fungal disease known as soybean rust has been found on plants in Louisiana, the first US case, threatening a crop valued at \$17.
Australia #39;s jobless rate is at a quarter-century low, giving a further reward to Prime Minister John Howard following his recent election victory.
Nothing makes New Yorkers pant like a luxury apartment, so when the city announced a few months ago that it would auction off seven high-end condos, a crowd was expected.
Will double its advertising revenue in five years as it ramps up its search services to rival Web search leader Google Inc. BELLEVUE: Microsoft Corp.
The New York State Athletic Commission will announce today that Randy Neumann will be the referee for Saturday night #39;s John Ruiz-Andrew Golota fight at Madison Square Garden.
LOUISVILLE, KY. - Louisville needed less than seven minutes to shake off Conference USA nemesis TCU and roll to another big victory.
While the south-east of Australia has gone through years of drought, new research shows the rest of the country including the centre, is getting wetter.
AP - Chris Quinn scored 25 points to lead No. 20 Notre Dame to an 80-61 exhibition victory over Quincy on Wednesday night.
The death of their symbol could force the Palestinians to choose between negotiating for the best deal they can get or continue fighting for a dream.
US President Bush and French President Chirac are among the first to send condolences for the Palestinian leader's death.
Graham Rowntree still vividly recalls the painful Sunday morning when his World Cup dream was shattered, and admits to this day: You cant prepare yourself for a disappointment like that.
The challenge Kenny Lofton posed to Bernie Williams a year ago turned out to be a bug versus windshield. However, if the Yankees ink free agent Carlos Beltran he will be 
Burma investigates illegally imported luxury cars, the latest repercussion of former PM Khin Nyunt's ouster.
The Federal Reserve didn #39;t surprise anyone yesterday, as its policy-making body increased its key interest rate by one quarter percent, to 2 percent.
The first US cases of soybean rust, a fungus that hinders plant growth and drastically cuts crop production, were found at two research sites in Louisiana, officials said Wednesday.
The number of Americans filing initial claims for jobless benefits rose less than forecast last week and held below the year #39;s average, a government report showed today.
Hollywood dealmaker Michael Ovitz quietly got a very stingy options package before joining Walt Disney - because insiders thought he might flop.
A top Republican lawmaker on Wednesday called on Merck  amp; Co. Inc. to answer questions about its withdrawn drug Vioxx at the first congressional hearing on Nov.
People who take even moderately high doses of vitamin E could be putting their lives at risk, mounting evidence suggests.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) has expanded the scope of its intellectual property protection policy to cover customers using current and earlier versions of its software.
NASA engineers and researchers are gearing up to end a hypersonic research program with a world-record flight approaching 7,000 mph over the Pacific Ocean.
Courtney Love pleads not guilty to assault with a deadly weapon after being accused of an attack with a bottle.
ON A night when they came to remember a glorious past, Liverpool #39;s grieving fans were offered a glimpse of their immediate future.
American and Iraqi military commanders said yesterday that troops had found at least one house in Fallujah that appeared to be the base of some of the hostage-takers 
Countries involved in six-way talks on North Korea #39;s nuclear program have urged Pyongyang to return to the table sooner rather than later but have not proposed specific 
 BOSTON (Sports Network) - Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at  the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over  Portland at the FleetCenter.
NASCAR teams struggling to finance cars with lucrative sponsorship deals now can begin negotiating with liquor companies after the stock car sanctioning body gave the go ahead Wednesday.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.  Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes Wednesday night as No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU.
Boston, MA -- Paul Pierce nailed a jumper at the buzzer to give the Boston Celtics a 90-88 victory over Portland at the FleetCenter.
When it was revealed developer Rockstar Games #39; Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas would be three times larger than the previously epic GTA: Vice City, I cringed.
The World Trade Organisation confirms a ruling that says the US cannot ban internet gambling.
Fallujah is not the only flashpoint. Violence continues to sweep the rest of Iraq. A car bomb exploded near a police checkpoint in Eastern Baghdad, killing at least seven people.
When a tournament winds down to the final rounds, the teams with the best players usually hold the advantage. Fortunately for Reading, it had the best field hockey player in the game last night.
Germany's economy expands just 0.1 in the third quarter as weak exports offset a growth in domestic demand.
The 2008 US Olympic team marathon trials could be crossing paths with the Boston Marathon.
Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman said yesterday he's been assured by owner Wayne Huizenga he will return in that role next season.
The Federal Reserve yesterday raised its key interest rate to the highest level in three years, suggesting more increases will follow as the economy gains strength.
WASHINGTON -- The US trade deficit shrank to \$51.6 billion in September, an improvement brought about as exports posted their best month on record.
E-commerce is looking healthy in the UK although the exact figures are in dispute.
AP - The players hear it and so do the coaches. The perception is out there that Syracuse football is in a downward spiral.
Researchers are devising new (and hopefully better) ways to interact with Tablet PC's and other pen-based computers.
Using the photosynthesis of spinach to produce electric current.
The board and management of world number six gold miner Harmony are driven by value creation for Harmony shareholders, Harmony Chief Executive Bernard Swanepoel said in a letter released on Wednesday.
Michael Ovitz wanted a \$50 million signing bonus to become president of the Walt Disney Co., but the directors who eventually hired him were not willing 
Delta Air Lines said on Monday it will need an additional USD\$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 to meet the requirements of certain financing agreements.
Microsoft is expected to launch a beta version of its Web search technology on Thursday, with ambitions to catch up to rivals Google and Yahoo.
Dutch police arrested two people after a violent 15-hour standoff at a house in the Hague, in which four officers were wounded by a hand grenade.
The driver of the train which smashed into a car on a level crossing, killing seven people and injuring dozens of passengers, had just two or three seconds to brake 
 LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices eased on Thursday as  signs of strong supply on physical crude markets encouraged  dealers to take profits from a bounce in the previous session.
Sri Lanka's central bank raises interest rates by half a percentage point, taking the financial markets by surprise.
Online shops look set to have a good Christmas as UK web-users get the online buying habit.
If you'd like to archive all of yesterday's footage to DVD before your VCR dies, Sony's DVDirect offers an easy, relatively affordable solution.
WESTBOROUGH -- Massachusetts faces several years of lackluster job growth unless innovations spur the state's listless economy, according to an economic forecast.
The Bank of Ireland reported a 7.8 percent rise in half-year profits Thursday but also revealed a significant drop in investor confidence at its asset management unit.
The dilemma: Auto manufacturers have been reluctant to build fleets of hydrogen-powered vehicles before the existence of public hydrogen stations in the United States, while fuel 
Cuts in listing fees forced by an Office of Fair Trading inquiry have left London Stock Exchange swallowing a 6 per cent fall in interim operating profits.
Israeli former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu is arrested, seven months after release from jail.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell says he will pursue with Sudan an assault by security forces on a refugee camp.
Microsoft Corp. announced today the expansion of its end-user intellectual property (IP) protection policy to cover customers using a wide range of current and earlier versions of its software.
NASCAR returned to its roots Wednesday by lifting a ban on liquor ads on cars, opening the door for teams to be sponsored next season by distilled spirits.
The head of Sri Lanka Cricket has expressed relief and gratitude that Muttiah Muralitharan will be able to use his full weaponry under new laws.
\Scientists have taken an important step towards a new way of treating disease by switching off key genes.
 quot;With him disappears the man of courage and conviction who, for 40 years, has incarnated the Palestinians #39; combat for recognition of their national rights.
Israeli police have detained nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for questioning, a security source told Reuters without citing reasons.
Best-selling writer Iris Chang is found dead in her car in California with a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
\Japan's navy keeps pace with an unidentified submarine spotted inside the country's waters on Wednesday.
The BBC News website looks at the key questions arising from the death of Yasser Arafat, the leader of the Palestinian cause for more than 40 years.
HOSTILITIES between Manchester United and Arsenal could well resume after the sides were paired in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup.
Madagascar moves to protect its remarkable biodiversity, more than trebling the area of forest and wetland in special reserves.
Google will introduce POP3 (Post Office Protocol) support in the next few weeks for Gmail users, allowing them to download their email from the service using mail clients.
A LAB owned by US tobacco giant Philip Morris uncovered evidence in the early 1980s about potential risks from passive smoking but its findings were never made public, a new study charges.
American sprinter Jerome Young was banned from competition for life Wednesday by the United States Anti-Doping Agency. For the second time, Young tested positive for a banned 
The Taiwanese president #39;s flight to an outlying island several weeks ago was diverted because 28 Chinese fighter jets were spotted in the area, a major Taiwanese newspaper reported Thursday.
A night after they managed to score a measly 64 points in a win over Portland, the Nets reached 100 in Philadelphia. But they still could not score when they needed to.
Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian Wednesday offered to cut the island #39;s troops by 100,000 to ease military tensions with mainland China.
AP - Online auction giant eBay Inc. has acquired the most popular classifieds Web site in the Netherlands for about  #36;290 million, the company announced.
TheDeal.com - CEO David Duffield says offer undervalues the software company; board touts growing license sales.
Mozilla's new web browser is smart, fast and user-friendly while offering a slew of advanced, customizable functions. By Michelle Delio.
Sure, there's the slick technology and stunning visuals, but the animated Polar Express doesn't do the book any favors. By Jason Silverman.
The WTO case was brought by the Caribbean state of Antigua and Barbuda, host to many of the online casinos whose use is illegal in the US.
After decades of spreading the fungus across the globe, the wind was expected to bring soybean rust to the United States to threaten crop production and carry a hefty 
A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.
Microsofts upcoming Windows for clustered computers operating system will not support Intels powerful Intanium 2 chipset according to News.
Sneaker makers are selling a new wave of technologically advanced athletic shoes, in hopes of bringing back the age of the \$100-plus sneaker.
IBM Wednesday released new SMB tools on its emerging technology Web site to help customers deal with compliance issues as well as enable Business Partners to build solutions on WebSphere Express software.
Buck Showalter won his first American League Manager of the Year award 10 years ago after leading the New York Yankees back into contention.
The first time Larry Donald told his buddies he was fighting four-time heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield, they thought he was kidding.
The United States has conveyed a proposal to North Korea to resume six-nation talks on its nuclear drive next month, South Korean officials said Thursday.
Police in Kashmir fired tear gas and used batons Wednesday to disperse thousands of people protesting the alleged rape of a woman and her daughter by soldiers.
&lt;strong&gt;Indymedia seizures&lt;/strong&gt; Site owners have 'no standing'
The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) warned on Thursday that any preparations to form a new Palestinian leadership without the participation of Hamas would be illegal.
Nuclear whistle blower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested today for allegedly revealing classified information, seven months after he completed an 18-year prison sentence for treason, police said.
TAIPEI: Taiwanese authorities have denied reports that President Chen Shui-bian #39;s plane was targeted by Chinese fighter jets when he was flying over the Taiwan Strait.
The second round of talks between the Sudanese government and two rebel groups on the Darfur crisis concluded on Wednesday in the Nigerian capital Abuja, China Radio International reported Thursday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Last season, Roger Federer left  Houston not even the top-ranked player of the year.
For the second quarter in a row, No. 1 network-gear maker Cisco (CSCO) reported record profit but saw some signs of economic weakness.
and its handsets make a step to answer the need for all-in-one mobile media devices. The company expects 3G to begin gaining mass market 
Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest US video rental chain, on Thursday said it has contacted Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
Microsofts first search technology went live on Wednesday. The software giant claims that the preliminary or beta version of its MSN Search stands out from other search engines because it offers more 
Google will gradually roll out Pop3 support over the coming weeks to Gmail users, allowing them to download e-mail messages from Gmail servers to e-mail applications.
The French Competition Council has rejected Virgin France #39;s claim that Apple #39;s FairPlay technology should be licensed to other companies #39; online music stores.
The European Commission has formally notified Microsoft Corp and Time Warner Inc of its objections to the companies #39; proposed joint ownership of ContentGuard Inc.
What more does a player like Retief Goosen need to do to be taken seriously? By Jim Gorant. Goosen has quietly moved up to fourth in the World Ranking.
Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said taking part was more important than winning ahead of Pakistan #39;s first match in India for over five years.
NASCAR, a sport whose history was built upon the backs on moonshine runners in the Southeast in the 1940s, returned to its roots somewhat Wednesday when it announced it would 
com. Ohio State head coach Jim Tressel talks with running back Maurice Clarett during the 2002 Michigan game. With apologies to immortal running back Red Grange, at least 
A group of 20 Afghan women offered on Thursday to take the place of three foreign UN workers held hostage for the past two weeks by a Taliban splinter group.
Singer Liza Minnelli's ex-bodyguard accuses her of forcing him to have sex with her to keep his job.
BearingPoint Inc. chairman and chief executive Randolph C. Blazer resigned abruptly yesterday after leading the McLean consulting firm for more than four years.
WebMethods Inc. said yesterday it has delayed filing its quarterly financial results because an employee in one of its international subsidiaries has raised concerns about some of its business dealings.
Trees and plants are to be cut down in woodland near Redruth in southwest England after the discovery of a new disease.
Britain's old ships are being dismantled in "unacceptable" conditions in the developing world, an MPs' committee says.
\Scientists have taken an important step towards a new way of treating disease by switching off key genes.
Vodafone has ushered in a new era in mobile communications with the launch of 3G (third generation) services in 13 countries, including the UK.
eBay (Quote, Chart) has acquired a popular online classifieds Web site in the Netherlands, the company said Wednesday. The San Jose, Calif.
Bank of Ireland has announced that profits before tax were up 6 from 670m in the six months to the end of September last year to 713m this year.
Bobby Cox, who guided the Atlanta Braves to an unprecedented 13th consecutive division title, was elected National League Manager of the Year in balloting by the Baseball Writers #39; Association of America.
The Maurice Clarett who appears on the pages of ESPN the Magazine should never have had trouble getting A #39;s and B #39;s in college.
The London Stock Exchange says first-half turnover rose as trading activity on its electronic platform grew despite mixed market conditions.
The European Commission has set out its formal objections to Microsoft and Time Warner taking control of digital rights management company ContentGuard Holdings.
Voided warranty, electrocution, the wrath of Hollywood--so what? Nothing seems to hinder the TiVo hacker.
A software vulnerability in some Cisco Systems Inc. routers and switches could allow an attacker to cause the devices to hang, the vendor warned this week.
AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian planners and other officials.
Singapore: Crude futures stayed close to the US\$49 mark in Asia today, amid renewed fears that heating oil supplies may not meet demand for the coming Northern Hemisphere winter.
Late goals from Brazilian Kaka and midfielder Andrea Pirlo gave AC Milan a 2-1 win at lowly Parma in Serie A on Saturday. Brazilian Adriano hit a devastating first half 
Sir Alex Ferguson could not resist a wry smile after learning his Manchester United side had been paired with arch-rivals Arsenal in the last eight of the Carling Cup.
CONSIDER THE SOURCE. That #39;s always good advice when evaluating a dispute, and never more true than in recent football developments.
The Utah Jazz knew they were going to lose sometime, they just didn #39;t think it would be to guys named Chris Bosh and Loren Woods.
Iraqi troops have found  quot;hostage slaughterhouses quot; in Fallujah where foreign captives were held and killed, the commander of Iraqi forces in the city said Wednesday.
An Australian government rethink of its welfare system for Aborigines sparks widespread controversy.
US Airways Group Inc. said Thursday has reached agreements with its lenders and lessors for continued use and operation of substantially all of its mainline and Express fleet.
Suppose you threw a party and no-one came? Intel has put the streamers out, the sandwiches have had the crusts cut off and the punch bowl is full.
Playing fair, or promoting religion? Parents, civil liberty advocates and suburban-Atlanta school officials are in federal court over the issue of warning stickers on science textbooks.
The survival of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone represents a major incentive for the British motor sports industry to secure its international reputation, Sports Minister Richard Caborn this morning claimed.
Spanish motor rally legend Carlos Sainz took a gentle swipe at the state of the world championship on Thursday after his glorious career ended with a whimper.
(Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets were defeated by the Philadelphia 76ers, 108-100, in overtime on Wednesday at the Wachovia Center.
The Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth, a native of Birmingham, says he is resigning from his position as president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.
British forces are to carry out an evacuation of British nationals from the strife-torn west African state of Ivory Coast, it was announced today.
A senior Iranian official said on Thursday he was optimistic Iran would halt its uranium enrichment program as Europe demands, in a move aimed 
 LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices eased on Thursday as  signs of strong supply on physical crude markets encouraged  dealers to take profits from a bounce in the previous session.
Palestinians mourn the death of Yasser Arafat, their leader of 40 years - Israel sees a new chance for peace.
US marines come under sustained attack from several directions in their makeshift HQ in the Iraqi city of Falluja.
MPs say Zimbabwe will run out of food before next year's harvest, despite government assurances.
Sri Lanka Cricket says efforts to convince the ICC Muttiah Muralitharan's bowling action was legitimate have paid off.
AFP - Microsoft launched its own Internet search engine in a move aimed at challenging market leaders Google and Yahoo.
AFP - Thousands of people in costume took to the streets of western Germany as the annual carnival season started with a series of events that will go on until February.
PC World - Software giant says the final version will be available next year.
Juanita Swedenburg first planted grapes 24 years ago to help pay the taxes on her 130-acre Valley View Farm near Middleburg in the heart of Virginia #39;s hunt country.
Low-fare airline ATA has announced plans to lay off hundreds of employees and to drop most of its flights out of Midway Airport in Chicago.
Online criminals are getting better at targeting people's sensibility to hack into their computers.
TORONTO (CP) - Rogers Communications Inc. is proposing a share exchange to take back the 11 per cent of Rogers Wireless that it does not already own.
Uranus may not be the most boring planet in the solar system after all - new images suggest the outer planet experiences weird seasonal weather patterns.
International cricket is set to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game, based a report from an expert committee.
The Raptors posted a stunning victory against a previously undefeated opponent last night, but they lost one of their key players, possibly for a while.
Here's hoping you won't have to choose between health and comfort.
The Bangladesh government on Thursday announced a three-day national mourning in memory of Palestine President Yasser Arafat, who died this morning.
Device features two optical drives and a 160GB hard drive for storing content.
Software giant says the final version will be available next year.
Intel Corp. named President Paul Otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a salesman instead of an engineer to run the computer-chip maker for the first time.
Wireless phone carrier Verizon Wireless on Thursday said it named John Townsend as vice president and chief financial officer of the company, beginning in January.
I was questioned today by a developer who was watching a particular IP address scan his site. The IP was 65.54.188.86 and is registered to Microsoft Corp.
British musician and peace activist formerly known as Cat Stevens, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam after conversion to Islam, has signaled a comeback.
Israel has ruled out releasing jailed Marwan Barghouti, a leading Palestinian figure who is widely seen as the strongest candidate to succeed Yasser Arafat.
China's president Hu Jintao visits Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country's burgeoning demand for foreign goods.
UK interest rates may be too high because the Bank of England has wrongly forecast inflation levels, a House of Lords Committee says.
As the whole world expected, the Federal Reserve continued its policy of normalizing short-term rates by raising its policy target to 2 percent this week.
update Intel #39;s board, in widely expected move, voted Thursday to elevate Paul Otellini from president to chief executive officer in May.
TORONTO (CP) - Canadian Tire reported a 17 per cent jump in quarterly earnings on Thursday, boosted by higher sales and improved business at the financial services business.
Editors Note: The following special report was compiled by the editors of Corn and Soybean Digest, a sister publication of Delta Farm Press.
_ Newsday is cutting as many as 100 jobs through voluntary and non-voluntary buyouts, the Long Island newspaper #39;s publisher said Thursday.
Microsoft Corp.s proprietary new search engine is scheduled to go live today in a beta version, at beta.search.msn.com. Like its rival, Google.
An accelerating thaw of the Arctic may open vast regions for oil and gas exploration but that brings worries of spills in the fragile environment, experts said on Thursday.
A tiny craft powered by Star Trek technology was standing today at the gateway to the moon - and a landmark date in the history of European space exploration.
Virgin #39;s French arm saw the antitrust suit it filed against Apple (yes, Apple, not Microsoft) dismissed by the French Competition Council.
Skype, originators of free Internet phone calls, has extended its reach even further by offering free cell phone calling - in partnership with Siemens -n Europe.
The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) on Nov. 10 said it #39;s lifting its decades-long, self-imposed ban on liquor sponsorships.
Nina Kraft tested positive for the endurance-boosting drug EPO after winning last month #39;s Hawaii Ironman competition, the German triathlon union said Thursday.
Britain will evacuate about 400 of its nationals and others from the Ivory Coast due to the deteriorating situation there, the Ministry of Defence said on Thursday.
US marines in Falluja have come under sustained attack from several different directions in the headquarters they have set up in the Iraqi city.
BAGHDAD - A car bomb exploded in Baghdad?s commercial centre, killing 17 people and narrowly missing a US convoy that had passed by seconds earlier.
Mars Express takes its most detailed image yet of the Red Planet's largest moon, Phobos.
Four former Microsoft Corp. employees were charged with stealing \$32.4 million worth of software and selling it on the side.
The Japanese government has approved Sun Microsystems #39; open-source desktop software for use within one of its ministries, Sun is expected to announce.
Description: On the fourth day of battle, American troops slow their assault, with US forces battling pockets of resistance in several parts of the city.
Paul Otellini, currently president and COO, will replace outgoing chief Craig Barrett in May. \
German economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter as exports weakened and oil prices surged, raising fears that eurozone GDP figures due Friday will be lower than expected.
Microsoft says its Windows Server 2003 Compute Cluster Edition will not run on servers equipped with Intel #39;s latest Itanium 2 processor.
MUNICH - Seven leading wireless operators, led by T-Mobile USA, have signed roaming agreements that bring seamless worldwide high-speed internet access another step closer.
The Bush administration dismissed as  quot;deeply flawed quot; a World Trade Organisation decision that the US has no right to ban cross-border gambling on the internet.
TORONTO - Revenue at Canadian Tire topped the \$2 billion mark in the third quarter and profits rose 17 per cent, the retail giant reported Thursday.
Tiffany  amp; Co., the largest US luxury jewelry retailer, said fiscal third-quarter earnings fell 26 percent on higher costs and declining Japanese sales.
Automotive aftermarket chain Pep Boys-Manny, Moe  amp; Jack Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit dropped, despite higher sales.
Bagshot, England - Jason Robinson has said he was stunned to be made England captain for Saturday #39;s Test against Canada at Twickenham.
Manchester United chief executive David Gill will head into the clubs annual general meeting tomorrow fearing the possibility of another confrontation with Malcolm Glazer.
Coach Matt Williams warned against the danger of complacency when Scotland face Japan at McDiarmid Park in the second of the Autumn Tests on Saturday.
Red Hat Inc. is opening this week its first office in China, as part of its effort to tap demand for low-cost software in developing markets.
European regulators have approved a movies-on-demand joint venture between Sony #39;s Columbia Pictures and Walt Disney Co. that could help UK cable 
Shane Warne expressed concern yesterday that the new proposal on cricket #39;s  quot;chucking quot; controversy might create more confusion.
Sydney: New Zealand made a disastrous beginning in their tour opener against New South Wales as they were shot out for a modest 213 at the Sydney cricket ground here today.
OPININ (*)The Legacy: Yasir Arafat has been a disaster for the Palestinians, for Israelis, and for hopes of peace in the region.
Big run-ups in a few fast-food favorites might suggest that the value is gone, but take a closer look.
SAN ANTONIO - Tim Duncan had 23 points and 18 rebounds and Manu Ginobili added 22 points to lead San Antonio past winless Golden State.
We had the League Pass surf going on at a ridiculous pace last night. Add a little Tivo into the mix and we covered just about everything.
FALLUJAH, Iraq - Advances in Fallujah slowed considerably yesterday after American-led troops took control of about half of the city.
A car bomb went off in central Baghdad Thursday, killing 17 people and injuring at least eight in a crowded commercial area, police said.
Nortel Networks said the further delay in its release of financial information will  quot;permit the resolution of focused revenue reporting issues and remaining accounting matters identified by Nortel management.
Blockbuster on Thursday said it has contacted Hollywood Entertainment Corp. about acquiring its top rival for \$700 million. Hollywood shares jumped 13.
Bill Gates may be the world #39;s most generous philanthropist, but the technical teams under his charge may well experience the uncharitable side of his nature today.
Our atmosphere is home to many stunning optical phenomena; rainbows, lightning and fiery red sunsets to name but a few. For many, the Northern Lights, or Aurora Borealis 
Japanese government officials Thursday confirmed a Chinese Navy submarine intrusively entered Japanese waters a day earlier. The submarine was discovered early Wednesday 
Online criminals are exploiting human hopes and fears to spread spam and viruses.
Yasir Arafat personally controlled several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is.
Icelandic investment group Baugur extends its presence on the UK High Street with the purchase of budget fashion chain Mk One.
 quot;The board concluded that PeopleSoft is worth substantially more than Oracle #39;s latest offer. We are a vibrant, strong company with a focused, motivated management 
Antigua is saying that the US does not allow online gambling within its borders but that there are large numbers of American gambling organizations overseas.
Intel #39;s board has tapped Paul Otellini to replace Craig Barrett as CEO, starting next year, the company announced. By Edward F. Moltzen, CRN.
Northeast Iowa farmers have said for years it was only a matter of time before soybean rust was found in the United States. Time #39;s up.
Microsoft has launched a beta version of an MSN search engine designed to compete directly with Google. MSN Search lets users search through more than 5 billion documents, Microsoft says.
In a Nov. 10 product review of the Mozilla Firefox browser, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the Internet Explorer browser from Microsoft Corp.
Google is allowing users to download Gmail messages through other email programs onto their desktops as well as mobile devices that support POP.
According to the Boeing-Northrup Grumman announcement, the two companies plan to alternate as prime contractor should they win the bid to build the CEV.
The French Competition Council will not force Apple to license its FairPlay digital-rights management technology to competitors. The Council rejected an argument by Virgin France, which 
Nina Kraft, winner of last month #39;s Hawaii Ironman competition, acknowledged Thursday that she had used the banned endurance-boosting drug EPO.
England begin the Robinson era on Saturday when coach Andy takes charge for the first time and new captain Jason leads the team out at Twickenham against Canada.
BERLIN, Germany -- Germany, stripped of two equestrian golds in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third title after two of its show jumping horses failed dope tests.
Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract, with a club option for 2006.
The retailer reports a 52 increase in earnings ahead of its Disney Stores acquisition.
From the Vatican to the Palestinian refugee camps of Jordan, tributes poured in today for Yasir Arafat, a man regarded as an international leader by many and a terrorist by others.
Insurgents opened a new front against American-led forces today, attacking several police stations in the northern city of Mosul and pushing that city to the brink of chaos 
The rapid US push into Fallujah has come without the sort of fateful showdown that would break the back of the insurgency. In fact, advance US and Iraqi 
The natural foods chain is predicting double-digit sales growth until 2010.
AP - Ottawa Senators right wing Marian Hossa is switching European teams during the NHL lockout.
Things are looking up for National Australia Bank, which could be a good foreign investment.
Insurgents opened a new front against U.S.-led forces today in Mosul, while an enormous car bomb in Baghdad killed at least 13 people.
 PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed  to terms Thursday with closer Jose Mesa on a one-year contract,  with a club option for 2006.
Berlin was selected as the venue for the 2009 world track and field championships by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) here on Saturday.
A suspected Russian mobster is believed by U.S. law enforcement to be behind a series of phishing scams.
Sneaky program takes a different tack to capture people's passwords and potentially steal money.
AP - Major League Soccer and its players' union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 1/2 years of negotiations.
AP - The Bank of Ireland reported a 7.8 percent rise in first half profit Thursday but also revealed a significant rise in withdrawals at its asset management unit.
InfoWorld - Dell president and CEO Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including AMD processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Wearable tech goes mainstream as the Gap introduces jacket with built-in radio.\
AP - A planned government study into how children's bodies absorb pesticides and other chemicals has been temporarily suspended due to ethical concerns.
AP - Technological advances that help drug companies churn out highly profitable prescription medications must also be applied to improving public health care around the globe, a World Health Organization report released Wednesday says.
Dell president and CEO Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is actively considering including AMD processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Reuters - The 2004 U.S. elections ended on\Saturday with Republicans and Democrats swapping one U.S. House\of Representatives seat each in runoff elections in Louisiana.
Nortel Networks, one of the world #39;s biggest telecommunications gear makers, has again delayed filing its restated financial results mainly because of revenue reporting issues, the company said Thursday.
NEW YORK - What are the odds that a tiny nation like Antigua and Barbuda could take on the United States in an international dispute and win?
Coming off a big first year as the Pirates closer, Mesa on Thursday agreed to a one-year contract with a club option for the 2006 campaign.
ATLANTA Former President Jimmy Carter is expressing hope for new Middle East peace efforts in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Ex-Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic asks judges to subpoena world leaders at his trial in The Hague.
A fragment of a bear skull in a Canadian museum may be rewriting the history of North America's brown bears.
The European Union's heavy fishing off West Africa may be causing a rise in poaching of Africa's wildlife as hungry Africans seek alternative protein, a new study suggests.
New York Stock Exchange regulators said on Thursday they are investigating firms that send in trades in the last seconds of the day designed to manipulate the final price of shares at the closing bell.
Intel Corp. on Thursday said President Paul Otellini, a marketing expert, would replace Craig Barrett as chief executive, at a time when the No.
The Russian government has approved a plan for the merger of natural gas giant Gazprom and the state-owned Rosneft oil company, a news agency reported Thursday.
Jones said the deal is valued at approximately \$400 million, including cash consideration of \$19 per share to Barneys stockholders totaling \$294.
E-commerce giant eBay made another foray into the classifieds space, buying Dutch classifieds site Marktplaats.nl for around \$290 million.
Cisco releases an advisory warning that certain devices running IOS Version 12.2S software can be disabled by hackers. By Preston Gralla, Networking Pipeline.
Germany, stripped of two equestrian gold medals in Athens, will almost certainly lose a third Olympic title after one of its show jumping horses failed a dope test.
AP - The Colombian government is winning in its offensive against Marxist rebels in their jungle strongholds, the country's new army chief said Thursday.
NewsFactor - The French Competition Council has dismissed a Virgin France complaint against Apple Computer (Nasdaq: AAPL), saying that Apple did not violate rules regarding market dominance.
In trimming its projections, Coca-Cola now looks like a couple other companies that have rebounded.
An innocent financial background check can send ripples through your credit file.
General Motors offers consumers chance to lock in today's rates, but there's this five-year clause.
Microsoft on Thursday officially unveiled the new beta version of its MSN Search site, the company #39;s hotly anticipated attempt to take on Google for Web searching.
SAN JOSE, Calif.--San Jose has a reputation as one of the safest large cities in the nation, with the fewest police officers per capita.
Oil prices fell Thursday after moving close to US\$49 a barrel as markets digested news of a rise in crude inventories but lower-than-expected US heating oil stocks.
Airline passengers flying out of Evansville will soon have fewer choices. Newswatch has learned one of the airport #39;s major carriers is pulling out.
As announced earlier, Microsoft today released the second beta of their upcoming Search Engine, which would replace the current version running on MSN website.
Google is rolling out POP support for Gmail, allowing customers to download messages to Outlook and other client-side applications.
The San Jose Police Department offers an object lesson in how to build a poor user interface, as the New York Times #39; Katie Hafner reports.
Arsenal today told the Football Association they do not need to arrange a peace summit before their Carling Cup quarter-final with Manchester United.
England aim to launch a new era under coach Andy Robinson with a handsome victory over Canada in the first of three autumn Tests at Twickenham.
NEW YORK Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will represent the United States in singles play at next month #39;s Davis Cup final against Spain.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that the recent events could be a historic turning point for the Middle East, without mentioning the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
Among the players Harper beat at the PGA Championship, which was contested in match play at the time, were Dick Metz, Bob Toski, Lloyd Mangrum and Jimmy Demaret.
The UN nuclear watchdog says South Korea's illegal nuclear tests were on a bigger scale than declared.
Intel selects consummate insider as next CEO. Can he take Intel beyond the PC?
EVANSVILLE, Ind. -- US Airways will discontinue service in Evansville beginning Dec. 19, Evansville Regional Airport officials said.
With Arsenal set to meet Manchester United in the quarter finals of the Carling Cup, the Football Association is keen for the two clubs to call a truce following their fiery league game last month.
The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was a critical time for his people who must now address the question of his successor, Foreign Affairs Minister Phil Goff said today.
Wearable tech goes mainstream as the Gap introduces jacket with built-in radio.\
Blockbuster tries to remove Hollywood Entertainment from its list of ferocious competitors.
Plus, Coke loses some fizz, PeopleSoft sort of says no, and has Starbucks' value peaked?
Agreement creates instant access to 20,000 wireless hotspots in 11 countries.
The top three executives of the American Stock Exchange may face civil charges for failing to properly enforce the exchange's rules.
Relations between China and Brazil have remarkably improved since the two countries established diplomatic relations 30 years ago, and both sides hope their ties will be strengthened in a time of challenges and opportunities.
Warburg Pincus Equity Partners and Providence Equity Partners are reportedly in negotiations to buy Telecordia Technologies for \$1.
The chip sector enjoyed some gains Thursday, led by Intel, which announced an executive shuffle, and other industry players whose shares rose after getting a boost from analyst upgrades.
Russian tax officials are reportedly asking for tax arrears of  \$87.5m from oil firm TNK-BP, which is half-owned by UK oil giant BP.
The Israeli former nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu, released in April, is arrested again, police say.
The Mozilla Foundation celebrated the worldwide release of Firefox 1.0 Tuesday as new Mydoom variants exploited yet another Internet Explorer vulnerability.
THE Football Association is determined to bring forward the peace summit between Arsenal and Manchester United, despite the clubs opposition to being forced into a superficial show of reconciliation.
THE perception now is that rugby leagues best qualities have been absorbed by rugby union, considering the influence of its former adherents in the England team that 
Boston Red Sox pitcher Bronson Arroyo and team president Larry Lucchino took the World Series trophy to Rhode Island on Thursday, as fans gathered to celebrate the historic accomplishment.
Heavy rain made for difficult playing conditions and it was not until the latter stages that the teams went close to breaking the deadlock but on both occasions they struck the woodwork.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - World number two Andy Roddick will  lead the U.S. against Spain in the Davis Cup final next month.
Delta Air Lines pilots have agreed to slash their salaries by nearly a third and forgo pay raises for five years to help the struggling airline avoid bankruptcy, their union announced Thursday.
US marines faced a tough fight Thursday as insurgents began a counterattack timed with an Islamic holy night.
Mobile chip makes inroads as prices drop and Intel de-emphasizes clock speed.
After 36 years in which he influenced and dominated their lives, Arafat's death is still hard to absorb.
Dell continued to outpace the rest of the IT industry during its third quarter, with strong growth in shipments, revenue and net income.
The insurance industry could soon be forced to embrace CRM tools, middleware and straight-through processing technology to cope with insurance regulation reforms that would require greater oversight.
Tiny triple-mode adapter could mean smart phones with wireless Ethernet as a standard feature.
A committee has recommended that scientists be allowed to manipulate a gene in the smallpox virus for the first time to speed up discovery of drugs effective against the virus.
T-Mobile has signed a deal with six international wireless carriers to provide its customers with access to Wi-Fi hotspots around the world.
US Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe said Thursday Andy Roddick and Mardy Fish will play singles in the Davis Cup finals against Spain next month.
The first Serie A derby between two Sicilian teams in nearly 40 years ended goalless on Thursday as Messina were held at home to Palermo.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan today urged Palestinians and Israelis to work with the international community to make Yasser Arafats dream of two states living in peace a reality.
The United States and Europe are edging toward their biggest trade dispute everand the United States shouldn #39;t blink. The dispute involves competition between Boeing 
Major League Soccer and its players #39; union tentatively agreed on a five-year labor contract Thursday, ending nearly 1 years of negotiations.
AP - The future of Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman might be less secure than he's suggested.
AP - A record 17 home-opener sellouts brought NBA attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week of the season.
Energy executives whose organizations are pioneering the delivery of broadband-over-power-line services see potential in new consumer revenue streams and utility applications such as real-time grid monitoring.
AP - Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O'Brien sued the school, claiming he is owed at least  #36;3.4 million because his firing violated terms of his contract.
SBC Communications Inc. on Thursday announced plans to reach 18 million homes with an IP network by the end of 2007 at a cost of \$4 billion.
AP - Left-hander Jeriome Robertson, right-hander Josh Hall and outfielder Kenny Kelly agreed Thursday to minor league contracts with the Cincinnati Reds.
The Supreme Court stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the Internet: how to classify Internet cable service for purposes of federal regulation.
A record 17 home-opener sellouts brought NBA attendance to 95 percent capacity for the first week of the season.
Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O'Brien sued the school, claiming he is owed at least \$3.4 million because his firing violated terms of his contract.
Energy futures prices rebounded in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange Wednesdayone day after energy prices had plummeted.
China #39;s president Hu Jintao is visiting Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy his country #39;s burgeoning demand for foreign goods.
Warburg Pincus Equity Partners and Providence Equity Partners are close to buying telecommunications-software company Telcordia Technologies Inc.
The tech move upward was led by Intel, which rose by 1.3 percent after announcing its longtime president and COO would move up to CEO next May.
Dirak writes  quot;NASA intends to break its own aircraft-speed record for the second time this year by flying X43a scramjet ten times faster than sound.
Hall of Famer Sparky Anderson once said,  quot;My idea of managing is giving the ball to Tom Seaver and sitting down and watching him work.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Amado Guevara was announced as Major League Soccer #39;s 2004 Honda Most Valuable Player on Thursday in Anaheim, California.
MIAMI - Dan Marino suspects the Miami Dolphins need to consider an overhaul if they are to regroup after the worst starts in team history.
AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials.
Several airlines have begun using machines in a growing number of United States airports that allow passengers to print out their own baggage tags.
AP - A federal panel that has spent two years reviewing studies of Gulf War illnesses recommends focusing future research on the effects of the toxic substances that veterans encountered during the 1991 conflict.
TOKYO Japanese stocks fell Thursday after a government report showed that machinery orders unexpectedly declined in September, signaling that corporate investment may weaken.
Pilots at Delta Air Lines overwhelmingly approved a new five-year contract with \$1 billion in annual concessions sought by the airline.
The newest version of the MyDoom worm now circulating suggests to security experts that the much-anticipated  quot;Zero Day attack quot; may have arrived.
including BT, Maxis, NTT, T-Mobile, Telstra and StarHub -- announced this week a series of roaming agreements in which crossing 
ATLANTA A debate over evolution continues in Georgia almost 80 years after the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee. Earlier this year, science teachers complained when schools superintendent Kathy Cox proposed 
Messina and Palermo played to a lacklustre 0-0 draw Thursday in the first Serie A derby between the Sicilian clubs since the Second World War.
Count Indiana Congressman Mike Pence (R-District 6) among those who believe the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat could lead to peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
Jeffrey Griffiths, the president and chief executive of the video game retailer Electronics Boutique Holdings, spoke about the holiday season and video violence.
The metamorphosis of a Communist Party expatriate to business consultant mirrors China's shift from a closed-door state to a freewheeling money-making society.
At least two people die and 50 are hurt when a train plunges into a ravine in the Philippines, officials say.
Tony Blair arrives in the US to become the first foreign leader to meet George Bush since his re-election.
WASHINGTON: The Federal Open Market Committee, the rate-setting panel for the US Federal Reserve, began its deliberations Wednesday with a rate hike widely expected.
In preparation for offering video service, SBC will spend \$4 billion to upgrade its network infrastructure from copper to fiber optics.
Plus: Is Microsoft search engine crawling Google? News.com Extra
Rebels made major attacks today against a Shiite mosque and a police station in Baghdad, killing up to 30 people, including at least 16 police officers.
Department store operator Kohl #39;s Corp. said Thursday that its profit grew 19 percent in the fiscal third quarter as new stores boosted revenue.
Lake Forest - One problem the Bears happy to have is how to divide carries in the backfield when Thomas Jones returns to the lineup.
Google and Mozilla may or may not be working on a Web browser together, but the two are cozier than ever with Firefox #39;s latest release.
A  quot;modest quot; number of PCs have been hit, but security-firm execs are focused more on just how fast the new worm appeared.
By adding POP support to its Gmail service, Google is enabling customers to download messages to Microsoft Outlook and other applications.
The Coca-Cola Co. is forecasting weakness in its key markets next year and is scaling back its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth.
SBC Communications Inc. plans to offer IP (Internet Protocol) TV over a fiber-based network by the end of next year, the carrier announced Thursday.
AP - There isn't enough room on a page to catalog everything that's gone wrong with big-time college football.
news analysis Intel selects consummate insider as next CEO. Can he take Intel beyond the PC?
Best in consumer electronics displayed at CES Innovation Awards.
Virus attack occurs just as PC vulnerability is discovered.
Organisers of the 4.5-million-US-dollar Tennis Masters Cup have announced the round robin draw for the event. World number one and defending champion Roger Federer is to group 
AP - America Online, which earlier this year stopped signing up new broadband customers, is telling existing broadband subscribers in nine Southern states that they must find a new broadband carrier by Jan. 17.
PC World - Sales of laptops using Intel's mobile processor are picking up.
The names and the faces are pretty much the same. They look like the Sacramento Kings, wear the same uniforms, and Rick Adelman is still their coach.
Scientists show how European fishing policies are driving some of the bushmeat trade in west Africa.
The promotion will mark a subtle shift at the top of Intel - Paul Otellini promises to be a kinder, more gentle leader than his last two predecessors.
NEW YORK SBC Communications is lowering the projected cost of its program to bring fiber-optic cables to the edge of most neighborhoods.
CALGARY, Alberta -- A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
Scientists have worries about the Arctic warming as they have determined that the ice in Greenland and the Arctic is melting too rapidly .
Minnesota's Johan Alexander Santana was unanimously chosen by baseball writers as the 2004 A.L. Cy Young award winner.
Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report.
Staring with tears in their eyes, Ivory Coast #39;s people emerged from their homes Thursday to survey the wreckage of five days of violent upheaval and stock up on food.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. The Minnesota Vikings officially downgraded All-Pro receiver Randy Moss from doubtful to out for Sunday #39;s game at Green Bay.
AP - A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
AP - Construction crews working at Beijing's main airport unearthed a fossilized thigh bone of an elephant that lived 30,000 years ago, a news report said Thursday.
A  test capable of diagnosing the early signs of Alzheimer's disease has been developed in the US using nanotechnology.
US STOCKS rose yesterday as investors were perked up by the Federal Reserves upbeat assessment of the economy and a continued drop in crude oil futures.
Coca-Cola Amatil is offering cash or shares in a scheme of arrangement that values the ordinary equity of SPC Ardmona at just over \$480 million.
 quot;We have only received one submission from the field, but the technical aspects of this are concerning. It has all the components there to become a significant 
BARCELONA, Spain A pair of players at one time ranked number one in the world will play for Spain in the Davis Cup final next month.
A passenger train derailed and plunged into a ravine in the northern Philippines early Friday, killing at least six people and injuring 50 others, police said.
Does Microsoft's official trademark application for Excel signal an infringement crackdown?
An anonymous essay criticizing video game publisher Electronic Arts is unleashing a torrent of complaints about work practices in the game world. Missing Links
Falling cost of PC parts gives computer maker's third quarter a boost.
Internet service provider's subscribers will be able to buy its premium services individually through Valista's technology.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stock prices rallied on Friday as oil prices continued to seesaw.
TOKYO - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday after profit-taking weighed on Wall Street shares. The dollar rose against the Japanese yen.
AP - Houston Rockets guard Tracy McGrady sat out Thursday night's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves because of nagging hip and groin strains.
CALGARY, Alberta - A fossilized jaw found in an Alberta gravel pit may have cleared up a mystery for researchers wondering how brown bears originally made it across North America.
Movie and record industry executives want Americas highest court to review a ruling legitimizing peer-to-peer software, but file-sharing networks wont give up the fight.
At the halfway point of the N.F.L. season, the adjustments - personal and professional - are still being made by the rookie class.
Rashidat Sadiq, who grew up playing basketball with older boys in her Lagos, Nigeria, neighborhood, looks like she belonged on the court at Gampel Pavilion.
AP - Katie King's second period goal lifted the United States into a 1-1 tie with Canada on Thursday night in the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament.
Coca-Cola yesterday sharply reduced its long-term profit and sales targets, reflecting the entrenched slump that the world #39;s largest soft drinks firm has found itself in.
Sony and Walt Disney yesterday received regulatory approval from Brussels for a video-on-demand service that will compete with BSkyB #39;s film channels.
India #39;s prime minister ordered a reduction in the number of troops in the disputed Muslim-majority state of Kashmir last night, breathing new life into a peace process with Pakistan.
Thousands of child soldiers have been forcibly recruited by Tamil Tiger rebels in Sri Lanka despite a ceasefire called in 2002 between the government and the separatists, Human Rights Watch said yesterday.
Jaime Moreno has come back from career-threatening back surgery a year ago to lead United in points, lead the league in assists, and score three points in three playoff matches.
The Wizards are making up for slow starts in the first half with better play and increased scoring in the second half of games.
At the Washington Hilton and Towers, Joe Frazier, Ken Norton and other members of boxing's royalty attended Fight for Children's 15th annual Fight Night.
The Giants on Thursday tried to fan away every possible wisp of a quarterback crisis. Even rookie Eli Manning tried to do his part.
Samsung, the world #39;s leading display maker, said on Wednesday that it has developed the first all-angle three-dimensional (3D) display panels for cellphones.
A Connecticut man facing economic espionage charges says he wasn't serious about selling already-leaked Microsoft source code, but an undercover investigator for the software giant was determined to pay him something.\
Palestinians are preparing to bury leader Yasser Arafat in the spruced up grounds of his battered West Bank headquarters on the soil of his beloved Jerusalem.
Rural Affairs Minister Alun Michael urges peers to accept a compromise on hunting and says time is running out.
The choice of Alberto R. Gonzales as attorney general may be part of a strategy to bolster his credentials with conservatives.
Thirty-five American and two Chilean college students were injured Thursday when their bus overturned during a field trip, police and school officials said.
According to auto industry regulators and executives worldwide, new criteria for vehicle performance must include a car's or truck's ability to protect its occupants in a crash.
Electronic anti-rollover systems will become standard equipment on 1.8 million sport utility vehicles from GM and Ford in 2005, the automakers announced today.
Description: The Environmental Protection Agency is taking its work to the friendly skies. After random testing found contaminants, the agency decided to start regulating the water aboard airplanes.
Microsoft #39;s latest step into the enormously profitable search sector is unlikely to win any first-stop commitments from users, but the signs are promising.
FEW global companies have managed to make themselves as unpopular as Microsoft. Its defence consists of variations on:  quot;The reason nobody loves us is because were so successful.
The S.E.C. notified the top three executives of the American Stock Exchange that they may face civil charges of failing to properly enforce the exchange's rules.
Japan's economy grew at a worse-than-expected annual pace of 0.3 percent in the third quarter as exports and capital expenditures weakened.
The Environmental Protection Agency has awarded \$4 million in grants to study the health and environmental risks posed by manufactured nanomaterials -- the new and invisibly tiny materials that 
Lamar Butler scored 16 points to lead five George Mason players in double figures last night as the Patriots defeated Indianapolis-Purdue Fort Wayne 69-51 in the opening round of the Coaches vs.
At some point, one would think Washington #39;s new Major League Baseball franchise -- assuming it does, at some point, play in Washington -- would want to plaster 
As an assistant coach with the Baltimore Ravens, Donnie Henderson watched running back Jamal Lewis use his speed to devour chunks of yardage and his size to overpower tacklers.
AP - Seimone Augustus scored 17 points and third-ranked LSU opened the season with an 81-50 victory over Maine in the Women's Sports Foundation Classic on Thursday.
President Bush is expected to call on Europe to assume a key role in helping the new Palestinian leadership build and support institutions and prepare for negotiations 
Japanese stocks rose, led by exporters such as Canon Inc. and Nissan Motor Co., after a slide in oil prices in New York trading eased concern that global economic growth will slow.
Former Liverpool star John Toshack is tipped to become the new Wales coach when the Football Association of Wales makes the announcement on Friday.
According to former Pakistan captain, Imran Khan, India have a better team than Pakistan in the platinum jubilee one day international between the two countries.
While the Red Sox celebrated their first World Series title in 86 years, Jorge Posada was on the beach in Puerto Rico, staying away from the television.
Police drove through a Darfur camp for displaced people on Wednesday, smashing makeshift homes with their trucks, a UN spokesman and Amnesty International said.
com. Shortstop Barry Larkin has expressed interest in playing for the Washington-bound Expos and being reunited with interim general manager Jim Bowden.
Linguists see the computer as one important way of saving hundreds of languages in Africa, some spoken only be a few dozen elders.
Cingular Wireless is under attack from its biggest rival, Verizon Wireless, which is trying to recapture the top spot in the cellphone industry.
Dell Inc. said that its quarterly profit climbed 25 percent, propelled by an increase in technology spending by American businesses and a surge in sales abroad.
By Bloomberg News. PricewaterhouseCoopers, the third-largest accounting firm in the United States, said yesterday that 80 percent of the clients it surveyed were either struggling to meet 
Seimone Augustus scored 17 points and third-ranked LSU opened the season with an 81-50 victory over Maine in the Women #39;s Sports Foundation Classic on Thursday.
Penn State University, responding to a rumor started by a Pittsburgh radio station that Coach Joe Paterno had resigned, issued a statement yesterday denying the report.
Gay rights groups plan to limit challenges to constitutional amendments banning gay marriage that 11 states passed last week.
RALEIGH, NC - For the past two weeks, Florida State tailback Leon Washington has been torn between a feeling of helplessness and something that almost made him feel guilty.
Florida State rallies past North Carolina State, 17-10, on Thursday night in a game that featured 22 punts, four turnovers and less than 250 yards of combined offense.
Nortel, which had set mid-November as the target date for releasing restated and current results, said it's near the end of the restatement process.
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard 
Officials representing 14 major Washington hotels and Unite Here Local 25 yesterday gave mixed reports of progress in negotiations for a new contract for 3,800 hotel workers.
NEW DELHI: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced on Thursday a troop reduction in Kashmir this winter, a move welcomed by Pakistan as a boost to peace efforts.
Company extends partnership with open-source Java software company in effort to compete with IBM.
Some web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
How the flawed interface design of a police dispatch system became a municipal issue in San Jose, Calif.
World and Olympic figure skating champion Scott Hamilton, 46, underwent a biopsy at The Cleveland Clinic, and doctors expected to release him from the hospital by Friday.
Otellini is buttoned-down and urban. He has handled much of Intel #39;s communication with Wall Street analysts and he peppers his interviews with friendly comments and jokes.
Blockbuster Inc. has decided that bigger is better in the battle to succeed against new technologies and a growing list of competitors.
Stock market investors celebrated another drop in oil prices on Thursday, driving the broad Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500-stock index to its highest point since the Sept.
Microsoft #39;s widely anticipated search engine, which launched in test mode yesterday, encountered some glitches on its first day.
Yasser Arafat was as unpredictable in death as he was in life. The longtime leader of the Palestinians lingered for days, with the world unsure of the severity of his medical condition.
A high-level Norwegian delegation led by Foreign Minister Jan Petersen arrived in Sri Lanka this week as part of international efforts to save the countrys tottering peace process.
Delta Air Lines pilots, who resisted pay cuts for three years as their employer flew ever closer to bankruptcy, have voted to slash their own compensation to save the airline.
Dell Inc. said yesterday that its quarterly profit climbed 25 percent, propelled by a steady increase in technology spending by American businesses and a surge in sales abroad.
It was just another one of those quickly forgotten preseason transactions that appear in small type in the back of the newspaper. March 2004: DC United reacquires the rights to forward Jaime 
Computer giant Dell sees profits rise 25despite slowing momentum in the PC market, as laptop sales soar.
I #39;m paranoid that much of Arizona remains clueless about the competitive race of the 21st century, a race we #39;re in whether we want to be or not.
Washington is the nation #39;s eighth largest media market, but for baseball #39;s purposes in 2005, it is Kansas City, Milwaukee or even Montreal.
Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has defended the attack on the rebel stronghold Falluja saying it would improve security across Iraq and pave the way for planned January elections.
FORMER Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu had been placed under house arrest after being detained on suspicion of giving secret information to foreigners, a judicial source said today.
Sure, the PeopleSoft board told shareholders to just say no. This battle will go down to the wire, and even afterward Ellison could prevail.
After 14 months of work and a \$100 million investment, Microsoft rolled out a test version of its new search engine late Wednesday night.
World No. two, Amelie Mauresmo of France, had an easy win over Russian Vera Zvonareva at the three-million-US-dollar WTA Tour Championships.
At the end of training camp, when Giants coach Tom Coughlin named Kurt Warner the starting quarterback, he credited the open competition at the position for helping the progress of Warner and No.
Sri Lankan off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan says he is not the only bowler with a suspect action playing under the current International Cricket Council (ICC) regulations.
With Quincy Carter filling in for the injured Chad Pennington, the Jets #39; season is far from over. Just listen to the TV football experts.
(6TH UPDATE) At least ten people were killed and 115 wounded after a Manila-bound train from the Bicol region slipped of its 
Despite Arafat's flaws, area residents say the leader represented struggle of the state.
A Trojan horse computer program that uses infected computers to churn out mobile phone spam messages is causing concern among antivirus firms.
AP - The Browns will pay tribute Sunday to a former player who died in the Vietnam War and has gone unrecognized by the NFL for decades.
Dell, the world #39;s largest personal computer maker, posted a higher quarterly profit Thursday, helped by market share gains and lower component costs despite slowing demand for corporate PCs.
US soybean farmers bringing in a record harvest face a new risk: an aggressive form of fungus that could severely damage their crops next year and beyond.
Japan's economy grows just 0.1 in the third quarter, hit by faltering exports and a slowdown in corporate investment.
Several airlines are aggressively cutting fares in hopes of beating back tough competition for holiday passengers.
Beacon Hill's new enthusiasm for embryonic stem-cell research would seem to be good news for the biotechnology industry.
Patriots right cornerback Randall Gay realizes he has been the opposition's No. 1 target, and will remain so in Sunday night's game against Buffalo.
My daughter called yesterday morning. Said she wouldn't be making it for her usual dinner at Mom and Dad's house the next couple of Wednesdays.
We have reached a most glorious part of the season. The final week of open dates.
In its first foray into the luxury market, the shoe and clothing marketer Jones Apparel Group Inc. said Thursday it is buying upscale clothier Barneys New York Inc.
The three top executives at the American Stock Exchange received Wells notices from the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of an investigation into options trading and 
Atleast six people were killed and over six injured in an earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale shook an island in eastern Indonesia today.
Prime Minister Tony Blair sought consensus with President Bush on Thursday to make peace in the Middle East an urgent priority, exploring whether the death of Yasser Arafat offers 
China said on Thursday that the coalition government of Vanuatu had withdrawn an agreement by its prime minister to switch diplomatic relations to Beijing #39;s rival, Taiwan.
Two US soldiers were killed and four wounded when their patrol came under attack in the northwestern city of Mosul, the military said Sunday.
Japan is to formally protest to China after saying a submarine found in its waters on Wednesday was Chinese.
Durfee over Acton-Boxboro -- This Fall River Dream will be a nightmare for the Colonials.
Eating BSE-infected meat could lead to people developing different types of CJD, research suggests.
Music fans from across the world are expected to attend the funeral of legendary DJ John Peel.
There is growing fear among United Nations officials that Secretary-General Kofi Annan may have lost the confidence of the organisation #39;s most powerful constituent, the United States.
REVIEW RESULTS: Coca-Cola Co. lowered its targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America.
Heating bills will still be higher this winter, but costs appear to have peaked last month. By Ron Scherer  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
NEW YORK : US stocks resumed their rally on Thursday, getting a lift from a sharp drop in crude oil prices and bullish broker comments on the tech sector.
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co., responding to growing concerns about the safety and stability of sport utility vehicles, said Thursday 
He battled back from a debilitating injury to reach the pinnacle of his profession. But even on the most rewarding day of Johan Santana #39;s 
Leaders from various parts of the world have started arriving in the Egyptian capital Cairo to pay their last respects to the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, who died on Thursday morning.
Fliers also forgo raises through 2009 in move that saves firm \$1 billion yearly and increases stock prices. By Doug Gross / Associated Press.
BBC correspondents record events in the Middle East and their thoughts as the funeral of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat takes place.
Vera Drake and Bad Education are among the nominees for the European Film Academy Awards.
Borrowing a line from Allstate Insurance, Microsoft says it wants customers to know they are in good hands when they choose its software.
He stood only 5 feet 2 inches but Yasser Arafat cast a long shadow on the world stage, and many leaders, diplomats, and analysts saw in his passing 
Those who want proof the United States #39; efforts in Iraq have plunged the world into danger need only look at the usual suspects: Iran, Israel, Syria.
Members of organised crime are joining financial firms to commit fraud, a new report by the industry watchdog reveals.
The CBI says thousands of manufacturing jobs could be lost in the next three months with exports falling and confidence low in many regions of the UK.
The Auburn Tigers did everything to make themselves at home against Tennessee in the SEC Championship Saturday. They exceeded the 32.9 points per game they put up in Jordan-Hare 
You often see thoroughbred horses do it. Baseball teams have jumped out ahead in the standings and stayed there all the way through to a World Series victory.
Ad networks target online gamers as next big audience for product placements.
Coca-Cola, suffering from weak sales in North America and other important markets, said yesterday that it would sharply scale back its projections for the amount of beverages it expects to 
The low interest rates of the past few years have been particularly frustrating for retirees and others who favor conservative certificates of deposit for income.
The yen advanced against the dollar on Friday, shrugging off weak third-quarter growth figures for Japan as market worries persisted about the huge US deficits.
Northern Arizona #39;s spate of fall storms could mean healthier winter vegetation, better stream flow and more moisture - at least in the short term, experts say.
NASA #39;s unmanned X-43A plane is the latest product of its research program into flight at more than five times the speed of sound.
Hamilton, 46, had a biopsy at the Cleveland Clinic, and doctors expected to release him from the hospital today, publicist Michael Sterling said Thursday.
The Palestinian president symbolized his people #39;s desire for a homeland, but his corrupt rule and limited vision frustrated their drive for statehood.
PC World - Ad networks target online gamers as next big audience for product placements.
TechWeb - Just days after the Mozilla Foundation released the final version of its standalone Firefox browser, a security firm Thursday said that earlier editions should be replaced.
An autopsy on a prominent Indonesian activist shows he died with high levels of arsenic in his body.
A modest proposal: We reorganize baseball with a \$50 million salary cap and pool all players into positions for a blind draw among the 30 teams.
TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 CATHOLIC -- St. John's Prep at BC High, 7; Xaverian at Catholic Memorial, 7.
3G video mobiles could be the perfect match for lonely-hearts looking for love.
BSkyB sees its share price rise after it reports better-than-expected new subscriber numbers.
Computer giant Dell sees profits rise 25 despite slowing momentum in the PC market, as laptop sales soar.
Jones, owner of the Jones New York, Anne Klein and Nine West brands, yesterday said it is buying luxury retailer Barneys New York for approximately \$400 million.
Novell agrees to pull out of a European Union lawsuit but says it will press for another settlement for damage to its WordPerfect software business.
SEOUL : South Korea #39;s LG Electronics will take action in a Japanese court to nullify patents on display panel technology held by Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
The Husky football team can accomplish something Saturday that only two other squads in the school #39;s 115-year football history has done -- lose nine games.
A false alarm on a Pittsburgh sports-talk show Thursday morning ignited a nationwide firestorm of speculation about the job status of Penn State coach Joe Paterno.
The US military attacked rebel targets in Mosul with air and ground fire yesterday after an upsurge in violence in the northern Iraqi city.
President Chandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga received Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen at the President #39;s House yesterday on his return from Kilinochchi.
The combatants in a fight over how much electricity an air-conditioner should use have reached a truce that could eventually lead to savings for building owners.
Four games into Georgia Tech's season, it is hard to find a trace of the cowboy bravado usually associated with a program suddenly on the rise.
\Japanese officials meet the alleged husband of a woman kidnapped by Pyongyang, as talks are extended.
Online merchants in the United States have become better at weeding out fraudulent credit card orders, a new survey indicates. But shipping overseas remains a risky venture. By Joanna Glasner.
Political parties in India's West Bengal state call for fresh strikes in defiance of a court order declaring them illegal.
Reggie Bush had 335 total yards as the Trojans survived with a victory, a 12-0 record and a good chance to play in the B.C.S. title game.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Caution: rude words enclosed
US-bound air passengers may have to board their planes an hour before takeoff to allow for more rigorous security checks, according to proposals outlined yesterday by a senior US official.
Susan Lyne, once a hot-shot magazine editor and later president of ABC Entertainment, was tapped yesterday to head troubled Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
When it comes to international womens hockey, Canada and the United States are about as even as two teams can get. Why should the Four Nations Cup be any different?
As peace between Israel and the Palestinians waxed and waned over the decades, there was one constant amid the tumult: Yasser Arafat was at its centre.
TheDeal.com - The software maker has indicated it could abandon the hunt for PeopleSoft if it does not win support for a tender offer.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Machinegun fire and grenade blasts  echoed across northern Baghdad on Friday as insurgents clashed  with Iraqi national guards, witnesses said.
The Welsh FA are expected to name John Toshack as the new manager of their national team today, after holding interviews with all the main candidates yesterday.
Former Clearwater Central Catholic star quarterback Jay Davis hasn #39;t had the smoothest of transitions taking over for Philip Rivers at North Carolina State.
If there is a poster boy for promoter Don King #39;s heavyweight carnival at Madison Square Garden tomorrow night, it is Kali Meehan.
Intel #39;s board sounded the changing of the guard yesterday, with Paul Otellini being confirmed as the next CEO of the chip giant.
It #39;s almost the end of the semester and many male students are turning to video games, instead of the Internet, to relieve some much built-up stress.
&lt;strong&gt;Episode 39&lt;/strong&gt; Stay calm, conserve bodily fluids
Hundreds of Arab and Muslim leaders and officials participated Friday in the funeral procession of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo.
A homeless teenager who hid in the landing gear of a passenger plane survived a 700-kilometre flight across south-western China but his companion fell and probably died, state media reported on Friday.
Hong Kong stocks closed at a fresh eight-month high Friday, boosted by a cut in local interest rates and overnight gains on Wall Street.
But wine stores, restaurants and bars can #39;t sell the wine from France before 12:01 am Thursday. By Joel Smith / The Detroit News.
Dell president and chief executive officer Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.
Millions of Britons have a guilty secret. They are spending their spare hours immersed in an underground world of LA gangs and gun-ridden ghettos.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc has established a new presence in China to promote the use of open source software in the country, following up on plans announced back in January.
It signals the possibility of peace in the Middle East, they said, with the appointment of a new leader to replace the 75-year-old head of the PLO.
The number of deaths related to a train derailment yesterday in the Philippines has been increased to ten. 100 people were injured as well.
12 November 2004 -- Al-Jazeera television is reporting that Iraqi insurgents have kidnapped a US citizen who worked at a Baghdad airport.
Steve Ballmer says the world needs a really cheap computer, but Mike Ricciuti warns that cheap doesn't come easy.
The company extends a deal with open-source Java software maker JBoss in an effort to compete with IBM.
The coffin of Yasser Arafat, draped with the Palestinian flag, was bound for Ramallah in the West Bank Friday, following a formal funeral on a military compound near Cairo.
Backers say new mobile music services will be big in Europe, but admit U.S. could be a problem.
Venice's Fenice Opera House hosts its first performance since it was gutted by fire in 1996.
Hundreds of Xbox owners with modified consoles say they've been banned from the Xbox Live service in the past few days. \
Dutch police arrest 29 in a raid on a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party.
The German state of Bavaria is the latest federal states to ban Muslim school teachers from wearing headscarves.
Mod chips such as the Xecuter allow the Xbox to perform unauthorized tricks.
Curt Schilling is again a runner-up. In AL Cy Young voting released Thursday, the Red Sox star finished second to Minnesota #39;s Johan Santana.
CLEVELAND - His team was trailing by 19 points, the home crowd was booing and there was only a quarter left for LeBron James to make things right.
UNDATED The Wall Street Journal reports PeopleSoft is getting ready for a proxy fight at its annual meeting next spring over the Oracle takeover bid.
TOKYO - Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing Friday after concluding a Chinese nuclear submarine spent time in Japanese waters without identifying itself, says a report.
Reuters - A car exploded near the West Bank\city of Ramallah on Friday, killing two people, an Israeli\emergency service said.
Speaking to analysts and investors yesterday the CEO of soft drinks giant The Coca-Cola Company said there were no immediate plans for any major acquisitions.
Four ex-Microsoft employees were charged with stealing \$32 million worth of software from the software company and selling it online to software retailers.
ATLANTA -- The Southern Christian Leadership Conference is in turmoil again -- this time with the resignation of its president, the Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth.
THE Athens Summer Olympic Games cost host country Greece nearly 9 billion euros (\$15.23 billion), Greek Finance Minister George Alogoskoufis said today, citing definitive figures.
AP - Japan lodged a formal protest with Beijing on Friday after determining that a nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters without identifying itself belonged to China.
THREE senior officials running one of Americas junior stockmarkets could face civil charges relating to its options market, following a probe by US watchdog the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Can technology save us from a pre-emptive war on sex, should the Bush administration choose to wage one? I sure hope so. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Although blogs like Daily Kos have demonstrated some possibilities of the medium, political candidates haven't bought into them, and probably won't anytime soon. By Daniel Terdiman.
Forget matchmaking. Researchers should use social networks to land matching funds. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
Scientists successfully inject male monkeys with a protein that renders the chimps temporarily infertile. The research may provide a new birth-control option for men in the next decade.
World cocoa prices drop as production in the Ivory Coast resumes following several days of unrest and mob violence.
Richard Branson says his Virgin Group is talking to a number of Indian airlines about taking a 49 stake in some carriers.
A saga involving a campaign to turn Hollywood Video #39;s Wilsonville-based parent company private turned into a cliffhanger on Thursday when rival Blockbuster Inc.
With healthy profits and a bankruptcy reorganization nearing completion, Hawaiian Airlines marked its 75th anniversary Thursday with a festive ceremony at its Honolulu airport ticketing lobby.
Reuters - Oil prices perked up from 7-week lows on\Friday on forecasts for colder-than-normal weather in the U.S.
Reuters - Treasuries prices trimmed overnight\gains on Friday after data on U.S. retail sales showed\underlying strength in consumption heading into the  fourth\quarter.
Virus writers have created a new Trojan horse capable of helping crooks to break into the accounts of British internet banking customers.
PC World - New service will compete with sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.
ONE OF Yasser Arafat #39;s least-admired roles in the last few years was as the constantly cited excuse for international futility in Middle Eastern peace efforts.
MANILA At least 10 people were killed and almost 100 were injured when a train derailed and plunged down a slope in the Philippines early Friday, officials and radio reports said.
An earthquake registering 6.0 on the Richter scale has shaken a remote island in eastern Indonesia, killing 16 people and injuring dozens more, a government official says.
Dutch police say they have raided a suspected paramilitary training ground for Kurdish militants in the southern Netherlands, arresting 29 people.
Earlier, in Cairo, presidents, kings and potentates from across the Arab world and beyond paid their last respects to the Palestinian leader.
&lt;strong&gt;Site news&lt;/strong&gt; All the news - just how you like it
Brown bears migrated south through North America much earlier than first thought, new research suggests.
\The Devon and Cornwall Constabulary is taken to court by its own officers because it is publishing their photos on the internet.
What's holding companies back? Can anything be done to rev up their investment spending?
Preparations are in full swing for the second phase of the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) later next year.
The new transfer policy for inter-registrar domain names went into effect on Friday, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) said.
AFP - A succession of powerful earthquakes rocked eastern Indonesia, killing at least 17 people, injuring more than 100 others and destroying hundreds of homes.
New service will compete with sites like Travelocity.com and Expedia.
Intel said Thursday that President Paul Otellini will become its next CEO -- a change that could help the No. 1 chipmaker overcome recent missteps.
Crude oil rose slightly on Friday to \$47.57 per barrel compared to yesterday fall on expectations for inventories to be lifted. December crude oil was at \$47.
US retail sales rose modestly as expected last month, but the underlying message from the consumer was strong at the start of the fourth quarter after record oil prices failed to deter shoppers.
Fedex Corps express air shipping unit has been ordered by the US government to repay \$29m in excess funds received under an act established after the Sept.
US stock-index futures gained after a government report showed sales at retailers in October, excluding autos, rose more than expected.
The French government plans to merge Airbus parent EADS with defense company Thales to create a new European giant to rival Boeing Co.
America Online is aiming to get a piece of the travel search market, announcing plans to introduce a new Web-based property to compete with the likes of Travelocity.
China is likely to become the world #39;s third largest trading power by the end of 2004, said the Ministry of Commerce. According to a report jointly published on Friday by the ministry 
As first assault on Google #39;s leading position in the market, Microsoft #39;s newly launched search engine encountered some technical problems on its first day.
If more evidence was needed that global climate change is occurring - and having serious consequences - it arrived in force this week.
p2pnet.net News:- Four ex-Microsoft employees from the Seattle-area have been charged with stealing software worth \$32.4 million from the company.
Moving to capitalize on a recent acquisition, Computer Associates International Inc. this week released an updated version of its home spyware-zapping software, and began selling a corporate 
Notes: Oregon State must contend with Stanfords unorthodox 3-4 defense. The Cardinal are OSUs only opponent that uses the 3-4 as their basic set.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi today and with representatives of the auto and electronics industries through-.
New data shows third-quarter slowdown in euro-zone growth
The job of homeland security secretary seems exceedingly more complex than anything that Bernard B. Kerik has faced.
European spacecraft Smart is set to enter into orbit around the Moon on Monday.
President Bush sought to stem a near- rebellion by members of his own party by forcefully endorsing the bill.
US stocks opened flat on Friday as Wall Street pulled back after a big rally in the previous session, with shares of computer maker Dell Inc.
Coca-Cola Amatil, the leading Australian soft drinks group, is looking for an improvement from its South Korean and Indonesian units and may exit those businesses if one is not forthcoming.
Times Online tried Microsoft #39;s new search engine, and it broke. Here #39;s a selection of reader experiences with the new service.
European spacecraft Smart 1 is at the Moon #39;s gateway, the region beyond which the probe is tugged more strongly by lunar gravity than by the Earth #39;s.
Magnitude 6.0 earthquake shook an Indonesian island having killed 16 and injuring dozens. The information was received from the official report of the government of the country.
AP - High-end retailer Saks Inc. on Friday said it named Andrew Jennings as president and chief operating officer of Saks Fifth Avenue.
AP - Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
British Sky Broadcasting Group Plc, Rupert Murdoch #39;s UK pay-television company, said fiscal first- quarter profit rose 3 percent as it gained more subscribers than analysts expected.
A mouse, a house, and your tax-planning spouse all factor huge in the week of earnings that lies ahead.
Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
In 2003, AMD launched the Opteron, a server chip that made the argument for 64-bit processing without ditching 32-bit investments.
IBM #39;S Big Blue has helped the US reclaim the title of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer for the first time in three years.
A partnership between The Boeing Company and Northrop Grumman Corporation has been created to compete for NASA #39;s Crew Exploration Vehicle for Project Constellation, a planned 
FIFA has extended the seven-month ban on ex-Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu for drug abuse worldwide. The Romanian international was banned by the English Football Association (FA 
Chips, soda, release dates, and interest rates -- all had more than a bit part to play in the market's theatrical production this past week.
Yasser Arafats formal military funeral in Cairo was a sombre and dignified occasion.
More peacekeepers are needed in Sudan's Darfur region to protect refugees, a top UN envoy says.
EU countries analyse an Iranian response to EU pressure for it to halt plans to enrich uranium, officials say.
USATODAY.com - Voters are sending mixed signals about how they want their communities to grow, embracing strict controls in some places and rejecting them in others.
President Bush is tacking on visits with two Latin American allies to his trip to Chile for a gathering of Asia-Pacific leaders later this month.
The 25million takeover of soccer club Leeds United by an American consortium led by Sebastian Sainsbury has collapsed according to the BBC.
World leaders and Palestinian representatives gathered in Cairo Friday morning for Yasser Arafat #39;s military funeral service. The funeral came hours before chaotic scenes in the West Bank 
American forces Friday pushed deeper into the last remaining insurgent stronghold in Fallujah, and the Iraqi government rushed reinforcements 
Hosting the 2004 Olympics cost Greece 9bn euros, twice the original estimate, the country's finance minister says.
Linux provider Red Hat has opened an office in Beijing, China, joining the ranks of technology companies hoping to participate in the rapidly expanding Chinese market.
FALLUJAH, Iraq - US forces pushed deeper into the southern reaches of Fallujah, cornering militants backed into smaller pockets of the city.
Iranian negotiators have responded to a deal struck with EU nations last week about the Islamic state #39;s nuclear programme, reports say.
Handhelds that use Windows CE hold 48 percent market share worldwide, up from 41 percent a year ago. What's Palm to do?
AP - Shareholders of Harmony Gold Mining Co. on Friday overwhelmingly approved issuing new shares to fund the company's hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd.
AFP - At least 12 people were killed and about 160 injured when a train derailed in the dark and plunged down a slope in the Philippines, officials said.
AP - A hand recount of ballots cast using optical scanning technology gave a Democrat enough extra votes to bump a Republican from victory in a county commissioner's race.
Try this interactive ROI Assessment tool
Cost, different standards remain the key challenges in the fight to craft an antispam plan.
Company is developing a fiber network that will deliver TV and data to homes.
Czech company Zoner Software has explained why it employed a prominent former virus writer to develop anti-virus software on its behalf.
Prepare yourself for "time bomb" exploits that attack web-based systems at a pre-determined time.
The fashion company continues to build and buy in the face of disappointing sales.
Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
but investors haven #39;t been doing the same. Yesterday, shares of Jones fell approximately 3 following the announcement 
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia names a new CEO, but will the big cheese ever learn?
During mid-tide, the volume of water thundering through Nova Scotia #39;s Minas Channel in the Bay of Fundy exceeds the flow from every river and stream on Earth.
An idea whose time has passed? America Online told broadband subscribers in nine southern states to seek a new high-speed carrier by Jan. 17.
Next week brings us the return of the famous Leonid meteor shower, a display that has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers around the world.
Hewlett-Packard is returning to a software market where it suffered one of its worst defeats. But this time, the company has open-source software as its ally.
Three directors of Manchester United have been ousted from the board after US tycoon Malcolm Glazer, who is attempting to buy the club, voted against their re-election.
Leeds United, one of the great names in English soccer, said on Friday they were close to selling their Elland Road stadium after ending takeover talks with a British-American consortium.
This week #39;s schedule may not be loaded with marquee matchups, but there are plenty of games Saturday with huge BCS implications.
Arlington, TX (Sports Network) - The Texas Rangers announced Friday that they have re-signed right-handed pitcher Doug Brocail to a one-year contract.
As expected, two teams from the same state sit atop the Atlantic Coast Conference football standings with less than a month to play.
JAKARTA, INDONESIA - At least 16 people died after an earthquake and a succession of aftershocks shook Alor Island in eastern Indonesia on Friday.
The alliance between Britain and America is stronger than ever, President George W Bush has said following two days of talks with Tony Blair.
US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has three Manchester United directors ousted from the board after voting against their re-election.
Earlier today, insurgents attacked an American patrol in southern Baghdad, killing one American and wounding three others, the miiltary said.
Washington's baseball team begins to unveil its plans to sell season tickets, marking the first tangible way for fans to connect with the team.
Ron Artest is cleared by his coach to play for the Pacers on Friday night after being benched for two games for asking for time off because of his busy schedule.
Microsoft overtook PalmSource in the third quarter as the world #39;s biggest operating system for handheld computers, a survey showed Friday.
The lawsuit claims South Korea-based NCSoft and San Jose-based Cryptic Studios violated Marvel #39;s trademark characters in their game City of Heroes.
Leeds chairman Gerald Krasner has laughed off suggestions that he has granted Sebastien Sainsbury a seven-day extension to conclude a 25million takeover deal.
IT IS doubtful whether Alex McLeish had much time eight weeks ago to dwell on John Donnes famous meditation that No man is an Island.
NEW YORK - Forbes magazine says the NHL #39;s financial losses weren #39;t nearly as bad as stated by the league over the last two years.
Militants convinced Israel poisoned Yasser Arafat have vowed revenge attacks on the Jewish state and warned the new Palestinian leadership against any compromise as Arafat was brought home for burial.
US stocks rose, led by technology shares after Dell Inc. #39;s chief executive officer said demand at the world #39;s No. 1 personal-computer maker is healthy.
Microsoft has a firm grip on the handheld software market, winning the lead in shipments for the first time, a new report from Gartner shows.
November 12, 2004 - Marvel is suing City of Heroes publisher NCsoft and developer Cryptic Studios reports a recent article in USA Today.
Southampton, England (Sports Network) - American international goalkeeper Kasey Keller has been loaned to Southampton for one month.
Businesses need to screen potential employees more carefully, report says.
Three Manchester United directors lost their seats on the Old Trafford board tonight as Malcolm Glazer exacted revenge for his stalled takeover bid.
American troops are facing resistance in rebel strongholds in northern Fallujah despite claiming they have trapped the insurgents in the south of the city.
The new tax act adds some complications to contribution requirements.
FedEx Corp. #39;s express air shipping unit was ordered to repay \$29 million in emergency financial aid granted by the US government after the Sept.
Gov. Mitt Romney called on Massachusetts Turnpike Authority Chairman Matthew Amorello to resign on Friday, citing ongoing management troubles 
China pledged to invest \$10 billion in Brazil over the next two years as the two countries strengthen economic and trade ties. China agreed to invest in railroads, ports, steel mills 
Market research firm Gartner reported worldwide growth of PDA shipments for the third quarter of 2004, with Windows CE outpacing Palm OS installations for the first time.
After long delay, SWsoft is set to test Windows version of its software that subdivides single copy of OS to look like several.
Astronomers say the show should be a good one. They note, however, that predicting meteor shower intensity is not always an exact science.
Lawyers fighting a court challenge of evolution disclaimers on textbooks told a federal judge in final arguments Friday that the goal was tolerance.
One of the first initiatives for Red Hat Beijing will be to support Linux and open-source education by making the Red Hat Academy program freely available to students.
Company says software giant excluded app from market, but Microsoft says Novell's mismanagement caused WordPerfect to lose favor with consumers. \
John Toshack will leave no stone unturned in his quest to build a Wales team capable of qualifying for the World Cup and European Championships.
Anaheim Angels: Outfielder Jose Guillen says he still feels emotional pain from being suspended the last eight games of the regular season and being dropped from the playoff roster.
A deal committing Iran to suspend activities that Washington says are part of a nuclear arms program was close to collapse Friday, with diplomats suggesting that Tehran had 
Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward Ron\Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday's game versus\Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.
AFP - Shoppers, the driving force of the US economy, splashed out with unexpected vigor in October as the job market showed signs of a revival, a government report showed.
The flags are the insurgents' answer to two-way radios, their way of massing the troops and concentrating fire on an enemy.
Target can maintain its discount image while offering pricier services and merchandise.
The specialty department store chain goes back to basics to get in touch with its customer base.
Most companies need to keep tabs on travel   entertainment expenses. Concur thinks it has a better way.
 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch authorities have launched an  international hunt for a Syrian man they believe is the leader  of a radical Muslim network, prosecutors said on Friday.
Game giant sued for failing to pay overtime. Meanwhile, blog sparks flurry of complaints about work conditions in game industry.
An independent Palestinian state could be established within four years, President George W Bush says.
Reuters - Arctic indigenous peoples urged the\United States on Friday to join other nations in cutting\greenhouse gas emissions to brake an accelerating thaw of the\polar ice.
AP - Education Secretary Rod Paige intends to leave his Cabinet position, a Bush administration official told The Associated Press Friday.
Intel named President Paul Otellini as its next chief executive officer, choosing a non-engineer to run the world #39;s largest computer-chip maker for the first time.
Google has doubled the number of Web pages it indexes from 4 billion to about 8 billion, according to a posting on the company #39;s Web site.
The top managers of NASA #39;s human and robotic programs are coming together to share their expertise as the agency prepares to return a safer Space Shuttle to flight.
On Monday IBM #39;s BlueGene/L was placed first on a list of the world #39;s 500 fastest computers. The ranking is issued twice each year.
GlovedFistJuno.com - He #39;s five inches taller, has an eight inch advantage in reach, and out weighs his opponent by at least sixty pounds.
Yes, the Michigan and Wisconsin football teams could potentially decide Big Ten bragging rights in the Rose Bowl. That was the advice Thursday from Dave Davis, 2005 Tournament of Roses president.
English Premiership side Fulham lost their High Court legal dispute with former manager Jean Tigana. Tigana, the former France international midfielder, took the club to court over accusations that he effectively 
The Expos cleared another logistical hurdle in their move to Washington on Friday, announcing an agreement with Ticketmaster to handle ticket sales.
New rule creates potential security flaw for domain name transfers.
com November 12, 2004, 8:58 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
China will take tough measures this winter to improve the country #39;s coal mine safety and prevent accidents. State Councilor Hua Jianmin said Thursday the industry should take 
Until the rain clouds moved in, I was watching the juxtaposition of two planets that appeared to be converging on the same spot in the early-morning eastern sky.
A multimillion-euro software piracy ring has been broken following synchronized raids in Athens and London yesterday, Attica police said.
Plus, Pixar "stuns" Wall Street, Tiffany's pricey elements, and charitable donation rules are changing.
Payless ShoeSource beats analyst estimates, but is its stock too expensive?
Dynamic Materials, with the stock symbol BOOM, was up 100 in early Nasdaq trading.
The company is taking ever-closer steps to getting in Apple's musical domain.
Toy manufacturers decide to support Toys "R" Us with exclusive products and advertising.
Tiffany is taking it on the chin as spiking raw material costs eat into its bottom line.
Halo 2 proves heaven-sent as Microsoft racks up big-time sales and game fans burn the midnight oil.
Delegates to world summit agreed to set up a working group to discuss management of the Internet at both technical and policy levels after failing to reach a consensus on this contentious issue.
Cyprus invites Turkey to discuss the stalemate on the divided island which it says is crucial to Turkey's entry.
Company partners with Kayak Software with aim to complement the burgeoning online travel sales market.
Microsoft is downplaying claims that several new vulnerabilities in Windows XP SP2 were discovered by Finjan Software, but it is looking into the claims anyway.
Greek and British police have cracked a multimillion-dollar illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated high-tech software programs.
They're on a list, and they want to tell us all about it
Domain name owners can now choose registrars in much the same way telephone numbers can be moved between carriers, ICANN said.
Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao said Friday that he appreciates Brazil #39;s announcement of recognizing China #39;s market-economy status.
Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox said that Opera is making a smart move by spending more money on marketing. He said some fear and uncertainty remains about the security level of Microsoft #39;s 
The Palestinian struggle for freedom and independence is larger than the late President Yasser Arafat. The decades-long symbolism that Arafat embodied should not be underestimated.
AP - Vikings linebacker Raonall Smith will miss at least two more games because of concussions.
AP - A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since Election Day, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air.
Crude oil futures rose Friday as markets remained wary about a possible strike by oil workers in Nigeria and potentially low heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
A full season has passed since the UN Security Council gave the government in Sudan one month to stop its campaign of ethnic cleansing in the region of Darfur.
Scott Peterson was found guilty of murder today by a California jury for killing his wife, Laci Peterson, and the couples unborn child.
Dell CEO Kevin Rollins sent a clear signal to Intel, saying in an interview that the company is likely to begin using Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) processors in some of its products.
Attorneys in a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district made closing arguments today in Atlanta before a federal judge.
Leeds United Football Club is to sell its ground, Elland Road, after a takeover bid by a local consortium led by Sebastian Sainsbury fell through.
David Moyes spoke of his desire to lead Everton into Europe after signing a new contract which will keep him at Goodison Park until 2009.
Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The United Church of Canada is pouring cold water on unionizing efforts by a group of stressed-out clergy.
Security managers at this week's Computer Security Institute conference said they spend too much time dealing with software flaws and virus threats to develop more strategic approaches to safeguarding corporate information.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) plans to develop flash memory chips that blend the best characteristics of the two dominant flash memory architectures, the company announced.
Deja View's pricey miniature video camera lets you play back the highlights of your life.
BBC world affairs editor John Simpson knew the former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat well. He considers what the future holds for the Palestinian people now he has gone.
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is visiting Central America this week, primarily to thank the governments for supporting the war in Iraq.
The retrial of Peruvian guerrilla leader Abimael Guzman is halted for a second time in a week.
The BBC's John Simpson assesses the legacy of Yasser Arafat, a man he knew well.
Brazil is the latest country to recognise China as a market economy in a move expected to consolidate their trade ties.
Wall Street closed its third straight winning week with another rally Friday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer sentiment reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy.
US Airways asked a bankruptcy judge Friday to cancel labour contracts with three of its unions and impose much lower pay so it can move ahead with a plan to permanently cut costs, reposition 
AOL said it was intent on making travel an important part of its content expansion, which increasingly includes general Web properties that all Internet users can access as well as content just 
An innovative engine that compresses air by its shape alone to reach hypersonic speeds will attempt to break its own record next week with a test flight over the Pacific Ocean.
World Boxing Association heavyweight champion John Ruiz of Puerto Rico and International Boxing Federation champion Chris Byrd of the United States defend their titles Saturday night in New York City.
London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal and Tottenham will clash in the North London derby Saturday as the Gunners attempt to recover their unbeatable form at White Hart Lane.
Asked who might be the first big-name player to be traded this season, Knicks president Isiah Thomas answered Eddy Curry and 76ers president Billy King guessed Kurt Thomas.
OXFORD, Miss. -- Sherrie Miller Daly, wife of professional golfer John Daly, pleaded guilty Friday to a federal money laundering charge.
SEOUL: South Korea said Friday it was satisfied with a UN atomic energy agency report which showed that unauthorised nuclear experiments by government scientists went further than previously thought.
Antivirus firm warns of 10 holes in Windows XP SP2. Solution: Buy the company's products.
'Ransack the church' suggested in WordPerfect war
 ATHENS (Reuters) - International Olympic Committee (IOC)  president Jacques Rogge has praised Athens Games organizers for  setting new standards for 2008 hosts Beijing.
The nation's top telephone regulators further deregulated Internet phone services.
New entry-level programs from Adobe and Pinnacle bring plenty of editing power to desktop directors.
Tech stocks shone for a second straight day, this time with Dell in the lead after it posted a 25 percent increase in third-quarter profits and matched forecasts for its outlook.
Attorneys for both sides of a challenge to evolution disclaimers on science books in a suburban Atlanta school district made their final pleas before a federal judge Friday.
In effect, that means seventh-place Ryan Newman could take the points lead at Darlington, mathematically at least. It would take major problems by most of those in front of him, but 
New York state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is preparing to file his second civil suit against an insurance broker, San Diego, Calif.
PARIS: France will act tirelessly to ensure the safety of French citizens and other foreigners in Ivory Coast, President Jacques Chirac said Friday.
Arsene Wenger believes his Arsenal side will banish a disappointing run of form when the champions take on Tottenham Hotspur in Saturday #39;s north London derby.
Regional phone companies still would have to share their networks with companies competing for local business customers but eventually wouldn #39;t have to do the same for rivals 
Yasser Arafat was buried Friday in the place where he spent his last years as a virtual prisoner, seen off in a huge and chaotic outpouring of grief for the man who 
NEW YORK The dollar declined on Friday as the market shrugged off positive US economic data and remained focused on the record US current-account deficit.
TORONTO (CP) - Rogers Communications Inc. and its mobile phone division Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. said Friday they are raising a total of \$2.
WASHINGTON The Associated Press reports some details are coming out today about proposed federal rules for regional phone companies.
Microsoft led the market in the third quarter for operating systems used in personal digital assistants, surpassing for the first time the Palm OS that dominated the handheld-computer segment for years.
New York's attorney general files a lawsuit alleging market rigging against a second US insurance broker, Universal Life Resources.
Humans will upgrade their nervous systems with technology, a professor predicts--and then they'll be open to computer viruses.
Britain #39;s 850-strong Black Watch battle group has pulled out of Camp Dogwood in Iraq and returned to its base in Basra, the BBC reported Saturday.
Consumer electronics, new chips and name calling were all on tap at Friday's AMD analyst meeting.\
Crude oil prices fell slightly Friday, ending lower this week as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipated amid rising oil stockpiles.
Shareholders in BSkyB made their objections to the group #39;s controversial buyback plan known yesterday when almost a fifth of the votes cast were in opposition to the proposal.
Dell Inc., the largest personal-computer maker, has reported third-quarter profit jumped 25 percent as US business customers boosted spending on PCs and demand from foreign 
John Malone, the chairman of Liberty Media, which has almost doubled its voting stake in News Corp, yesterday described the poison pill Rupert Murdoch #39;s 
AP - Ron Artest was back in the starting lineup for the Indiana Pacers on Friday night after being benched for two games for asking for time off because of his busy schedule.
Reuters - The dollar sank across the board on\Friday as dealers shrugged off robust U.S. economic data and\kept their focus on the currency's shaky fundamentals.
Tom Shanklin scores a record-equalling four tries as Wales overwhelm Romania.
SWsoft, a company that lets a Linux server be subdivided into independent partitions, is ready to begin testing a Windows version of its product.
Reuters - Stocks extended their rally on Friday,\led by technology shares after computer maker Dell Inc.\ shot up 8 percent on a higher quarterly profit and an\optimistic forecast.
Don King has promoted dozens of interesting fights in the past but tonight #39;s heavyweight extravaganza at Madison Square Garden in New York promises to be something very special.
THE announcement that most Wales players expected, and several apparently dreaded, was finally made yesterday as John Toshack was named manager for the second time.
The Manchester United board have known for some days that Malcolm Glazer would vote to remove three of the club #39;s directors. After the board learned of his intentions, contact 
Venezuelan native Johan Santana used his first opportunity as a full-time starting pitcher to prove the bullpen is not where he belongs.
The NFL warned Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren for comments he made about trying to hit Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in the head in Sunday #39;s game.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - The one-year deal between Eddie Robinson and the New York Knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.
AP - Catcher Jason LaRue and the Cincinnati Reds agreed Friday to a  #36;3 million, one-year contract, a  #36;400,000 raise.
At least 14 people died of a bomb blast Friday at a restaurant in the religiously contentious south of the nation, the BBC reported.
A leading Indonesian human rights campaigner who died mysteriously in September was poisoned, it emerged yesterday. Munir suddenly fell ill on a flight from Singapore 
The chief prosecutor in the corruption trial of Silvio Berlusconi yesterday requested an eight-year jail sentence for the media tycoon turned prime minister.
It #39;s hard to believe that, although I am typing this opinion after finishing the regular season 12-0, I am not as ecstatic as I should be .
AP - For the second time in a week, Sudanese government troops took steps to forcibly remove residents from a displaced persons camp in Darfur, the State Department said Wednesday.
VA Software in March 2005 plans to add Wiki integration to its SourceForge Enterprise Edition environment for collaborative application development, with the goal of providing more structure to Wikis.
AP - The NHL suffered less than half the losses it has claimed for the past two years, according to a report in Forbes Magazine.
AP - The space agencies of India and France signed an agreement on Friday to cooperate in launching a satellite in four years that will help make climate predictions more accurate.
Iraqis trapped in the besieged rebel city of Falluja face a humanitarian disaster, aid agencies warn.
AFTER an slow start as Wall Street took a breather after Thursdays rally, a late surge saw the Dow finish almost 70 points ahead, topping the significant 10,500 mark.
Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo agreed Saturday to let the national assembly consider a controversial presidential eligibility reform.
Malcolm Glazer #39;s attempt to buy Manchester United was in chaos last night as JP Morgan, his main financial backer and City adviser, dropped him as a client.
Up to 400 Britons were being evacuated from Ivory Coast to Ghana under military escort last night as the Foreign Office strongly advised all UK nationals to leave the country.
AMMAN, 13 November 2004 - The late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafats personal doctor has called for a public inquiry into the causes of his patients death in Paris.
A passenger train speeding along a bad section of track derailed and tumbled into a ravine before dawn yesterday, killing at least 10 people and injuring 120, Philippine officials said.
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on Friday applauded El Salvador for its deployment of 380 troops in Iraq and denied any appeal for more troops, reports reaching here said.
Before the US assault on Fallujah, France had found a channel for direct contacts with an Iraqi group thought to have taken two French reporters 
The scoreline might suggest otherwise, but the Wales coach Mike Ruddock has been left with a headache after his side romped to victory last night.
If Kansas City switches conferences next year when MLS realigns due to expansion, teams such as DC United will certainly become more familiar with the Wizards.
The European spacecraft, SMART-1, is set to establish a standard orbit around the moon on Monday evening after a thirteen month journey towards earth #39;s satellite.
British pay-TV company BSkyB said its first-quarter profit climbed as its closely-watched subscriber growth figures surpassed analyst expectations.
US Airways asked a bankruptcy court yesterday to throw out contracts covering passenger service agents, flight attendants, mechanics and other workers and replace them with less-expensive ones.
The New York attorney general #39;s investigation into abuses in the insurance industry escalated yesterday with a lawsuit accusing a California broker of fraudulent practices that led to higher 
CLEVELAND -- Rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger could face some tough pressure when the Steelers visit the Cleveland Browns Sunday.
An earthquake registering 6.0 on the Richter scale shook a remote island in eastern Indonesia on Friday, killing 16 people and injuring dozens more, a government official said.
Federal Reserve officials agreed at a meeting in September that they probably would keep raising their benchmark interest rate in coming quarters because of the likelihood of continued solid economic growth.
SunTrust Banks, which fired three executives this week over accounting for bad loans, restated first-half profit yesterday, raising it by \$25.
Marvel Enterprises has filed suit against NCsoft and Cryptic Studios, claiming that the companies violated Marvel #39;s trademark characters in the MMORPG City of Heroes.
With more than \$200 billion a year in discretionary income at their disposal, 14- to 24-year-olds are the holy grail of the wireless telephone market.
MEMPHIS, Tennessee (Ticker) -- After losing their first four games, the Memphis Grizzlies powered their way to a second consecutive win.
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan has welcomed Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs announcement about the Indian Governments intent to reduce troops in IHK.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld, on the second day of a mission to strengthen security ties across Central and South America, received an unambiguous promise 
The pattern of selective destruction was evident Friday after two days of relative calm, with targets apparently singled out because they were identified with France, Ivory Coast's former colonial ruler.
A California consulting firm steered group life and disability policies to insurers in exchange for secret payoffs, New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer charged Friday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is aiming  to wrap up the Premier League title two weeks early next May.
Even though Miami has not quite played up to its usual standards this season, Virginia Coach Al Groh thinks the Hurricanes are still the benchmark when it comes to talent.
The play of cornerbacks Shawn Springs and Fred Smoot is a big reason why the Redskins' pass defense is ranked fifth in the NFL.
The NFL cautioned Browns tackle Gerard Warren not to pick up a personal foul penalty against Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger on Sunday.
Coming off a 24-17 loss to 14th-ranked Hampton, Howard is hoping to snap a four-game losing streak to Bethune-Cookman on Saturday.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer ousted three Manchester United board members Friday in a move that could signal plans for a hostile takeover of the famed soccer team.
The Chicago Bulls are committed to trading Eddy Curry and Isiah Thomas believes he can find a place on his roster for the 21-year-old center.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger is hoping his international star power in one of the state #39;s most important foreign markets will help bring new business opportunity to California.
The managers of Boston #39;s Big Dig project said Wednesday they will hold private contractors accountable for leaks found in the tunnel system.
PeopleSoft said Thursday that it would begin meeting with investors to lobby for their rejection of Oracle #39;s hostile \$8.8 billion acquisition offer.
Police in Greece and Britain have broken up a software piracy ring and arrested two men who are accused of selling millions of dollars worth of pirated business software.
Racing #39;s rulers are to seek Government approval to defer the scrapping of the 100million levy scheme in order to secure the future funding of the sport.
A Samsung executive yesterday let it be known that Samsung would ship a mobile phone using the EV-DO high-speed data standard in early 2005.
Making her first appearance in the season-ending tournament, Zvonareva committed 25 errors and never had a break point against Mauresmo #39;s serve.
Auburn faces a big test this week in its quest for a spot in the national title game. Auburn is third in the BCS standings and will probably need help to reach the title game.
With a hard-fought election behind us, the United States is now free to refocus its energies on the myriad problems that have a direct impact on its security and destiny.
PROSECUTORS trying the Italian prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, for bribery yesterday recommended he be given an eight-year jail term.
Manu Ginobili score 29 points and the Spurs hold Shaquille O'Neal scoreless down the stretch, beating the Heat, 93-84, Friday.
HE may never have started a competitive match for the Dragons, but Luke Charteris was at ease on the international stage last night.
The co-chairman of the state Transportation Committee, which will hold hearings this month on problems with the Big Dig, said Gov.
Pfizer Inc. #39;s manufacturing plant in Portage has been put on notice by the US Environmental Protection Agency for allegedly violating federal.
Positive stock action has been seen throughout the Net sector this week, as eBay struck all-time highs and Google recovered 11 percent of its value.
Opinion: Is Microsoft getting ready to explore intellectual property lawsuits against Linux and open-source software? If you can #39;t beat them, sue them?
With the JBoss deal, Hewlett-Packard gets middleware, a business it abandoned two years ago when it dumped its Bluestone Software after buying the company in 2000.
Football Association of Wales secretary general David Collins has no doubts John Toshack is the man to take Welsh football to the next level.
It #39;s moments like this when boxing fans must know that the folks at HBO and the Garden don #39;t take you seriously. Seriously now.
DARLINGTON, SC - Dale Earnhardt Jr. will drive a backup car in Sunday #39;s Southern 500 after damaging his primary car in practice Friday.
Virginia #39;s ambitious football team must neutralize Miami #39;s speed today at Scott Stadium to stake its own claim to a berth among college football #39;s elite.
Montecito, the first dual-core chip based on Intels Itanium 2 architecture, will not begin shipping in volume until 2006, company executives said last week.
Soybean rust, a disease that has devastated soybean fields in Brazil and Argentina, has been found in two test plots at Louisiana State University near Baton Rouge.
Office Depot Inc. said Friday it will cut staffing at its North American retail division, and its offices in Florida, California and elsewhere.
Malcolm Glazer #39;s bid to buy Manchester United appears to be in tatters tonight after the American #39;s bankers JP Morgan dramatically resigned.
Antonio Daniels #39; driving 8-foot shot with 7.2 seconds left gave the Seattle SuperSonics an 88-87 victory over the Toronto Raptors tonight.
Hakim Warrick scored 20 points and Syracuse held Princeton to five free throws over the final 8:41 in a 56-45 victory Friday night in the second round of the Coaches vs.
A win today over Boston College gives West Virginia no worse than a share of the Big East championship and a berth in either the Sugar Bowl or the Fiesta Bowl.
Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
The battered shares of Delta Air Lines Inc. surged nearly 9 percent yesterday after its pilots agreed to salary cuts to try to help the ailing carrier avoid 
H amp;M stores from Milan to New York were mobbed as shoppers sought low-price fashions by Karl Lagerfeld, the designer behind Chanel.
Exclusive images caught by picture phones are starting to make their way into big headlines.
Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
They have played -- and won -- big road games in hostile locales such as Blacksburg, Va., South Bend, Ind., and State College, Pa.
Mahmoud Abbas, the new chief of the Palestine Liberation Organization, stood at the door of the Egyptian military helicopter and implored the frenzied crowd to move back.
A blast destroyed a Pakistani military vehicle in the western town of Wana near the Afghan border on Saturday and several soldiers were wounded, witnesses and a military official said.
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer expects to file a lawsuit against San Diego-based health insurance company Universal Life Resources on Friday, a spokesman for his office said.
Japan lodged a formal protest with the Chinese government on Friday after determining that an unidentified nuclear submarine that entered its territorial waters this week belonged to China.
League officials cautioned the Browns' Gerard Warren not to follow through on his threat to take a cheap shot at Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger.
In Coach Herman Edward's first three seasons, the Jets went 4-4, 6-2 and 5-3 after the halfway point.
The off-season landscape changed a bit Friday, the first day teams were allowed to present offers to free agents from other clubs.
Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.
LAKE PLACID, N.Y. -- When Julie Chu last played defense, she was playing on a boys' team. She was 12 years old.
Tied at one game apiece, the North Quincy girls' volleyball team grinded out a win in yesterday's Division 1 Central semifinal, defeating host Brookline, 3-1.
Arctic indigenous people urge the US to cut gas emissions to slow down  the thaw of the polar ice.
THE HAGUE -- The Dutch parliament asked the government yesterday to draft legislation compelling mosques to employ only imams who have studied Islamic religion in the Netherlands.
Stocks rose steadily in late trading Friday as Wall Street welcomed a new retail sales report that showed an increase in consumer spending.
Officials at The Salvation Army in Bloomington wonder if this Christmas still will be a golden one. The agency, which counts on holiday collections to help fund its services 
AP - Even though he grew up hundreds of miles away, a young Bob Stoops was intrigued by the rivalry. In Chicago, Bill Callahan was watching, too.
AP - Allen Iverson waited his entire NBA career to make a buzzer-beating shot. Grant Hill waited four long years just to get back to full strength.
T-Mobile has announced that it has joined the Wireless Broadband Alliance #39;s new Wi-Fi roaming agreement to allow worldwide roaming for mobile users.
WASHINGTON: The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.
DARLINGTON, SC  Seldom has rain been so welcomed by race drivers as the drizzle that washed out qualifying Friday for Sunday #39;s Southern 500.
AP - Laura Diaz is too busy trying to win the Tournament of Champions to worry about qualifying for the season-ending event.
President George W. Bush pledged Friday to spend some of the political capital from his re-election trying to secure a lasting Middle East peace, and he envisioned the establishment 
Civilians trapped in Fallujah face a humanitarian disaster unless Iraqi and American authorities allow food, water and medicine into the besieged city, aid agencies warned last night.
AP - Flames engulfed a mosque in southeastern Netherlands early Saturday, the latest in a string of fires at Muslim institutions since the killing of a Dutch filmmaker who was critical of Islam.
AP - The trial of Shining Path rebel leader Abimael Guzman was suspended again Friday for after one judge stepped down and prosecutors insisted that the lead judge follow suit.
The Pentagon is building its own Internet, which will give commanders and troops a moving picture of all enemies and threats.
Some Web logs were swift to provide dark theories about the presidential election, but others were just as quick to debunk them.
California insurance broker Universal Life Resources was sued by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer for taking kickbacks from MetLife, Prudential and UnumProvident.
SUFFOLK -- Virginia Tech scientists are preparing to protect the state #39;s largest crop from a disease with strong potential to do damage.
British veterans' groups welcome a US report linking Gulf War syndrome  to toxins, including nerve gas.
U.S. forces moved into position for a decisive battle with the insurgents, pounding some of their last strongholds with airstrikes.
Europe is in the midst of another bout of angst about its currency, amid signs the Bush administration will tolerate a prolonged weakness in the dollar.
Consumer prices in China unexpectedly rose more slowly in October than in any month since April, as a bountiful harvest led to less-rapid increases in food prices.
TechWeb - Rumors that Dell may be considering Advanced Micro Devices' server chips are again causing a stir.
Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao on Friday proposed political, economic and cultural measures to boost ties between China and Latin America.
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer sued a second insurance broker Friday as part of his investigation into the insurance industry, saying Universal Life Resources Inc.
John C. Malone made news this week when his Liberty Media Corporation said it might increase its voting stake in the News Corporation through a complex stock swap.
The Iraqi Red Crescent and Red Cross say they are increasingly worried about civilians trapped in the city of Fallujah. The relief workers say no drinking water or electricity is available, food is running 
A Boeing Co.-led team has succeeded in firing a laser beam for the first time as part of a ballistic missile defense shield, the Pentagon and the Boeing Co.
The fate of many key Arctic species could be determined by the thinning of sea ice, according to the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment.
Image: The two sides of the planet Uranus, as viewed in this composite image, by the Keck II Telescope at near infrared wavelengths.
US Airways also asks a judge to approve pay and benefit cuts to help save the carrier from going under. By Associated Press. ALEXANDRIA, Va.
A San Diego insurance brokerage has been sued by New York Attorney General Elliot Spitzer for allegedly soliciting payoffs in exchange for steering business to preferred insurance companies.
Office Depot Inc. announced plans Friday to cut roughly another 800 jobs, including positions in retail stores, its corporate headquarters and its European sales force, officials said.
Less than a week after collecting a \$536 million settlement from Microsoft, Novell filed another lawsuit, as expected, accusing the software giant of violating antitrust laws.
The federal government and a nonprofit group are buying the land from local farmers to ensure its biodiversity is preserved. BY LISA J. ADAMS /Associated Press.
If clear skies break over southern California on Monday, a B-52 bomber will take off from Edwards air force base and head out over the Pacific.
The Annual General Meeting of Manchester United PLC took place yesterday with passions running high about Malcolm Glazers plans to takeover the club.
A year ago Freddy Adu attended Major League Soccer #39;s championship game at The Home Depot Center and was introduced to the media, having just signed with the league at age 14.
to Ramallah by helicopter. Palestinians welcomed his return as if he was still alive, chanting,  quot;Welcome Abu Ammar, welcome the old man.
Ivorian government forces withdrew from rebel positions yesterday, easing fears of a resumption of all-out civil war, as France and other countries continued to fly out thousands of foreigners.
One person was killed and seven injured, three of them critically, in a blast in Thailand on Saturday, the fourth explosion within 24 hours.
JAKARTA (Agencies): The death toll at Saturday #39;s explosion near a police station in Central Sulawesi rose to five people, police said.
 GOTEMBA, Japan (Reuters) - Britain's Darren Clarke fired a  solid 67 to extend his lead to four shots at the Taiheiyo  Masters Saturday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Austrian energy drink company Red Bull  is poised to take over the Jaguar Formula One team after weeks  of negotiations.
Prime Minister Tony Blair has addressed the memorial service at Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral for murdered hostage Ken Bigley.
GENEVA -- The World Health Organization yesterday urged governments to provide funds to drug makers developing vaccines against a feared influenza pandemic which could kill millions.
Ironic thing about the US Federal Reserve raising interest rates -- tighter money puts investors on edge about their financial assets, but 
At one level, the Federal Communications Commission #39;s ruling this week on Internet telephony was just another turf battle between state and federal governments.
It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is in the northern English city of Liverpool to attend a memorial service for engineer Ken Bigley, who was beheaded by kidnappers in Iraq last month.
A telephone call to the technical support hotline, or an online chat session with a technician, may not be the best ways to solve computer problems.
Reuters - It's beginning to look a lot like\Christmas on Wall Street: Retail stocks have been glowing for\more than a month.
Yasser Arafat #39;s rule was a disaster for the Palestinians and whole Middle East when he was alive, says Heritage Foundation Middle East expert James Phillips.
Chinese President, Hu Jintao has arrived in Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy China #39;s huge demand for foreign goods.
Salvation Army Maj. Christine Smith reached into the torn cartons piled on the scuffed linoleum floor of the Wisconsin Avenue storefront in Northwest Washington.
Closing arguments begin Friday morning in the federal trial regarding how evolution is taught in Cobb County classrooms. As the five-day trial nears its end inside of the federal courthouse in Downtown Atlanta 
The Federal Communications Commission ruled 3-2 that states are now barred from imposing telecommunications regulations on Internet phone providers, which treat calls no differently than any other application on the Net.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - It's beginning to look a lot like  Christmas on Wall Street: Retail stocks have been glowing for  more than a month.
 HOUSTON (Reuters) - A team of market forecasters that  correctly predicted the oil bust of the 1980s thinks history  will not repeat itself, at least for now.
Opponents of Ukranian premier Viktor Yanukovychdesires seek to carry their country not only to democratic rule but also to alter the direction of its history.
The Palestinian prime minister calls for new peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat's burial.
Short for wireless fidelity and is meant to be used generically when referring of any type of 802.11 network, whether 802.11b, 802.
Forbes, the respected US financial magazine, says a National Hockey League-sponsored audit of its 30 teams overstated losses by \$151 million US.
Mourners filed past Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb in Ramallah Saturday as Palestinian soldiers kept watch over what had been a chaotic scene just hours before.
Medical teams and convoys from the Iraqi Red Crescent are expected to enter the embattled city of Fallujah Saturday carrying urgent humanitarian assistance.
Reuters - A team of market forecasters that\correctly predicted the oil bust of the 1980s thinks history\will not repeat itself, at least for now.
Reuters - The Internet not only is\transforming the way we shop and search for information, but it\also is quietly smoothing the grind of the daily commute.
Rusty Wallace takes shelter under an umbrella as rain canceled qualifying for Sundays NASCAR Southern 500 Friday at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, SC NASCAR set the grid for the race by car owner points.
Would you trade Vince Carter for Ray Allen? If everyone got \$10 every time a Carter-for-Allen trade rumour surfaced, we all would be living in Beverly Hills.
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei has called for a speedy resumption of peace efforts with Israel, a day after Yasser Arafat #39;s burial in Ramallah.
Linux came out of nowhere to challenge Microsoft in the computer server market, and lately has begun encroaching on its hallowed desktop software business.
FRENCHMAN Sebastien Loeb is set to celebrate his inaugural world championship in style, taking a sizeable lead into the final day of the Rally of Australia.
NEW Zealand captain Stephen Fleming could be excused for wishing he was held up at customs a little longer last night before arriving at the SCG.
When Prime Minister Paul Martin travels to Haiti on Sunday, his arrival is expected to be welcomed by a rare gathering leaders from opposite ends of the island nation #39;s political spectrum.
Tom Brokaw makes his steady-voiced, flag-waving, NBC-rattling, Rather-and-Jennings-beating exit.
&lt;cite&gt;PC Welt&lt;/cite&gt; looks under the hood
Reuters - U.S. forces expect to be\positioned throughout the last remaining guerrilla stronghold\in Falluja by Tuesday, a Marine officer said on Saturday.
AFP - Southampton manager Steve Wigley breathed a sigh of relief after earning his first league victory at the 11th attempt in the 2-1 defeat of rivals Portsmouth.
Jacques Santini has told French tv that he quit as Tottenham Hotspur manager because he was not in control of recruitment. Santini took White Hart Lane and the Premiership by surprise 
(Sports Network) - The San Antonio Spurs begin a stretch of five road contests in six games this evening, when they tangle with the Atlanta Hawks at Philips Arena.
Foreigners continue to stream out of the West African nation of Ivory Coast despite promises from President Laurent Gbagbo to protect them after a surge of anti-Western violence.
AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair attended a memorial service in the northwestern English city of Liverpool for Kenneth Bigley, who was beheaded last month after being taken captive in Iraq.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is severely affecting rural Mexico, it is claimed.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - In personal finance, boring is not  bad. Sometimes boring is good.
Bankrupt US Airways wants a judge to replace existing contracts for passenger service agents, flight attendants and mechanics with less-expensive ones.
AP - Caity Matter scored 19 points and Jessica Davenport added 16 in No. 11 Ohio State's 75-42 victory over Dayton on Saturday.
Palestinian officials vowed to hold elections within 60 days for a president with the authority to resume peace talks with Israel.
In an emotionally charged burial ceremony which verged on chaos, the Palestinian people bid farewell to their leader as Yasser Arafat was buried in the Mukata compound in Ramallah.
Iranian Foreign Minister Kemal Kharrazi announced that the negotiations between Iran and the European Union (EU) on Iran #39;s nuclear programs are in their final phase.
The high and low ends of the fiberglass fashion world seem to be converging on one focal point: a bigger, sexy derriere.
Several thousand Israeli Arabs have marched through the streets of Nazareth in a symbolic funeral for Palestinian president Yasser Arafat.
US Airways yesterday asked a US Bankruptcy Court to wipe out the collective bargaining agreements of 20,000 employees, terminate the pensions of 53,000 existing 
Five international wireless operators, including BT, have signed a series of roaming agreements to provide Wi-Fi access at 20,000 hotspots across eleven countries.
Randy Moss has burned the Packers over the years, but it doesnt look like hell be able to suit up Sunday, when the rivals meet at Lambeau Field for the division lead.
On Wednesday, Karzai issued a decree ordering a traditional Eid prisoner amnesty but a presidential official insisted the order did not cover the prisoners the militants want freed.
Green Bay Packers receiver Javon Walker pulls Indianapolis Colts defender Idrees Bashir into the end zone as he scores in the first quarter in Indianapolis, Sunday, Sept.
A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis in the Iraqi battle zone as a massive US led offensive against rebels entered its sixth day.
AFP - Five blasts struck Thailand's Muslim-majority south within 24 hours, killing a Buddhist man and wounding 29 people, police said.
Ziff Davis - FedEx's Ground division already uses wireless RFID for asset tracking, but officials are taking a wait-and-see approach to other RFID possibilities.
The legal profession may have a reputation for being conservative, but some US courts are taking a more hi-tech approach.
People who ignore safety advice and lose money in online banking scams could be refused refunds by banks.
AP - Premier League leader Chelsea kept winning with a 4-1 victory over Fulham on Saturday while Arsenal recorded its first league victory in three weeks by rallying past Tottenham 5-4.
Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide 
The US Federal Reserve raised US interest rates tonight for a fourth time this year by a quarter percentage point. It cited brightening job prospects, indicating that more increases may lie ahead.
NASA will test its latest jet-powered aircraft for the final time next week, aiming to set a world record by flying at 10 times the speed of sound.
The basic fact that Internet Explorer comes preinstalled on all machines shipped with Windows Platform is a good enough pointer to why it is the most used browser out there.
A jubilant Ireland were celebrating their first victory over South Africa in almost 40 years on Saturday after beating the Tri-nations champions 17-12 at Lansdowne Road.
Minnesota #39;s Marion Barber III surpassed 1,000 yards rushing for the second straight season, joining Laurence Maroney as the first pair of teammates to accomplish that in NCAA history.
THE largest media organization here yesterday joined other media groups in condemning the recent slaying of a 26-year-old photojournalist in Jolo, Sulu.
Kofi Annan's reluctance to commit staff members to Iraq in large numbers and a series of comments he has made about the war have strained relations with the Bush administration.
Chief Executive Kevin Rollins from Dell said that the company was considering using AMD #39;s chips for some future server products, maybe in the first half of 2005.
Olympique Lyon returned to their characteristic winning ways on Saturday, beating Nantes 2-0 to strengthen their Ligue 1 lead. The three-times French champions, beaten for the first 
AP - A summary of Vice President Dick Cheney's heart problems:
Consumers lost a little of their enthusiasm for auto purchases last month but spent like mad in a number of other areas, including clothing and gasoline, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Next week brings the return of the famous Leonid meteor shower, a meteor display that over the past several years has brought great anticipation and excitement to sky watchers around the world.
Brown is a second year player from Memphis and has spent the 2004 season on the Steelers #39; practice squad. He played in two games last year.
A puppet lion designed with the help of the Jim Henson Company and going by the name of Goleo VI will be the official mascot of the 2006 World Cup.
AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, who has a history of heart trouble, went to a hospital Saturday after experiencing shortness of breath, an aide said.
Zimbabwe vows to set up more of the camps critics say the government uses to train youths in torture.
LeBron James scores 24 points and the Cavaliers limit the Wizards to 33 percent shooting as Cleveland handles the Wizards easily, 105-74, on Saturday afternoon.
A review of Merck's handling of Vioxx suggests that actions the company took - and did not take - may have affected the health of potentially thousands of patients.
With six teams nationally ranked in the top 20, including three in the top four, the ACC remains the preeminent conference of college basketball.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - For Seth Goldman, starting a  business was a lot like brewing tea -- it all came down to the  right blend of ingredients.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taking control of a technology fund  that lost more than 90 percent of its assets in the bear market  requires gravity-defying confidence.
AP - Paul Peterson threw two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returned two punts for scores to beat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
The president of Ivory Coast sacks his army chief of staff, amid escalating tension  in the West African country.
Paul Peterson threw two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returned two punts for scores to beat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
Maryland completed its exhibition schedule with two wins and a decent idea of what needs to be done before Friday night #39;s regular season opener against Jackson State.
The Government of the Ivory Coast is planning to take legal action against French troops accused of shooting civilians. The Ivorian Government is taking its case to the International Court of Justice.
AP - The Toronto Blue Jays claimed right-hander Seung Song off waivers from the Montreal Expos on Saturday.
The US must cut its budget deficit to finance the investments it needs to prepare for the retirement of the baby boom generation without borrowing from abroad, Federal Reserve Governor Edward Gramlich said.
Sven-Goran Eriksson tonight gave Crystal Palace striker Andrew Johnson hope of a future England call-up despite having just missed out on the squad for next weeks friendly in Spain.
Indonesian rights campaigners have had their worst fears confirmed with the news the country #39;s best-known activist was apparently a victim of arsenic poisoning.
Wal-Mart amasses more data about the products it sells and its shoppers' buying habits than anyone else, and some privacy advocates worry about the potential for abuse.
Omaha Steaks is venturing into the multibillion-dollar pet market, and it's not the only company hoping to go to the dogs.
 PARIS (Reuters) - Olympique Lyon returned to its  characteristic winning ways Saturday, beating Nantes 2-0 to  strengthen its Ligue 1 lead.
Three weeks after the Yankees faded in four straight losses, Alex Rodriguez settled on the villain in this tale - himself.
At 33, just as he seemed ready to claim center stage, Tyler Hamilton is facing a two-year suspension from competition.
Last year's Giants were 4-4 after eight games, then went on an eight-game losing streak, collapsing in a heap of injuries and lost confidence.
Ray Lewis, perhaps the finest linebacker in the N.F.L., will present the Jets' offense with what will probably be its biggest matchup problem on Sunday.
For all the other criticism inspired by the Bowl Championship Series, its focus on the past has been its biggest flaw.
Paul Peterson throws two first-half touchdown passes and No. 21 Boston College returns two punts for scores to defeat No. 13 West Virginia 36-17 Saturday.
Wall Street closed its third consecutive winning week with another rally yesterday, advancing as a new retail sales report and a consumer confidence reading showed that Americans are growing more confident about the economy.
Microsoft Corp. has overtaken rival PalmSource Inc. in the handheld-computer software market, the Washington Post reported Saturday.
A REVOLUTIONARY new type of aircraft that could lead to flights between Glasgow and Sydney in only two hours, will be tested in America tomorrow.
THE history of Apple Computer can be told through its advertisements as well as its products. There was, of course, the commercial that introduced the Macintosh.
Morgantown, WV (Sports Network) - Paul Peterson threw two touchdown passes and Boston College scored a pair of touchdowns on punt returns, as the 21st-ranked Eagles upset No.
The final flight of NASA #39;s X-43A hypersonic research aircraft is still on schedule for Monday afternoon, Nov. 15, weather permitting.
Under American encouragement and, in some cases, pressure, Israel has quietly taken steps aimed at strengthening the standing of Palestinian moderates.
After years of signing big-name free agents who became busts, it's ironic that unheralded veterans have keyed the Redskins' top-ranked defense.
Some economists say the government can reduce pharmaceutical prices by changing how the nation pays for innovation.
Despite warnings that interest rates would climb sharply, some risk-averse investors stuck with the bond market in 2004.
Online employment indexes that focus on Internet job listings may establish themselves as forward-looking indicators of trends that will appear later in the government surveys.
Rewriting the tax code will prompt questions about closing loopholes to raise revenue so tax rates can be lowered.
Ireland stopped South Africa #39;s grand slam bid in its tracks as world champions England and southern hemisphere heavyweights New Zealand swept to easy victories in yesterday #39;s internationals.
An eerie calm prevailed on the streets of this battered city on Saturday, as hundreds more foreigners awaited flights to Paris that would spirit them away 
Up to 40 suspected Islamist militants have been killed by Pakistani troops hunting al-Qaeda fighters close to the Afghan border. Several militant hideouts were also destroyed in the western region of South 
Lawsuit alleges the software giant unlawfully attempted to eliminate competition from Novell #39;s WordPerfect and Quattro Pro applications.
Baghdad - US troops were preventing a Red Crescent convoy of emergency aid from reaching helpless residents inside Fallujah on Saturday after allowing it as far as the main hospital, a spokesperson said.
Roscoe Parrish returned a punt for a touchdown and caught a clinching late touchdown pass Saturday as 17th-ranked Miami got back into the ACC title race by beating No.
Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Frank Gore rushed for 195 yards and a touchdown, Roscoe Parrish scored twice in the fourth quarter and No.
AP - Premier League leader Chelsea kept winning with a 4-1 victory over Fulham on Saturday while Arsenal recorded its first league victory in three weeks by rallying past Tottenham 5-4.
The American tycoon Malcolm Glazer is preparing a 780m hostile bid for Manchester United after dramatically forcing three of the club #39;s directors off the board.
Struggling Spanish champions Valencia failed to win for their tenth straight match on Saturday as they were held 0-0 at home by Real Zaragoza in the Primera Liga.
Tony Blair led the tributes to the murdered hostage Ken Bigley yesterday at a memorial service in Liverpool which was also attended by Cherie Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw.
AP - Despite progress, many "stumbling stones" still stand in the way to greater harmony between the branches of Christianity, Pope John Paul II said Saturday.
AP - Californians will soon see advertisements urging them to help give Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other foreign-born citizens the chance to run for president.
A proposal to build the world's largest offshore wind power plant in Nantucket Sound is pitting environmentalists against opponents who foresee it as a blight.
Free riders have hit the jackpot in the digital revolution, and we'd better deal with it.
Stephan Paternot, co-founder of theglobe.com, is reinventing himself with Palm Star Entertainment.
Residents wanting to meet their neighbors are doing so electronically through the Web site MeetTheNeighbors.org.
The president of the AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that organized labor, facing the second term of an administration it fought hard to beat in last week #39;s election, would 
Software giant Microsoft Corp. opened its wallet again Monday to clear more of its courtroom problems, paying \$536 million to rival Novell Inc.
FRANKFURT The German economy slowed in the third quarter, the government said Thursday, amid signs that the rise in the euro is taking a toll on exports.
Worldwide shipments of personal digital assistants (PDAs) using Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows CE operating system have surpassed those using PalmSource Inc.
Researchers have for the first time established the existence of odd-parity superconductors, materials that can carry electric current without any resistance.
Soaring childhood obesity rates will increase diabetes rates across the globe, international agencies warn.
America Online is tapping the vast media assets of parent company Time Warner to outdo rivals Google, Yahoo and Microsoft in the search wars.
Ireland forged South Africa #39;s ill-judged pre-match words into a steely response which sentenced the Tri-Nations champions to a dramatic defeat and shattered Springbok dreams 
MLS Cup 2004 has the makings of a classic match-up, pitting the freewheeling attack of DC United against the solidly defensive Kansas City Wizards.
The Spartans upset No. 4 Wisconsin, 49-14, Saturday to open the door for the Wolverines to go to the Rose Bowl with an outright Big Ten championship.
Prince Charles joined 140 military widows Saturday for an annual ceremony honoring Britain #39;s war dead, including those killed in Iraq.
Never in the University of Wisconsin football programs 115-year history have the Badgers been 10-0. That could happen today in East Lansing, Mich.
The French and Dutch managers of north London #39;s two great football clubs used the same old English word to describe the extraordinary events at White Lane Hart yesterday.
AP - A German finance official urged the United States to tackle its twin deficits during President Bush's second term to counter concerns weighing on financial markets, a magazine reported Saturday.
AP - The start of the Utah-Wyoming football game was delayed nearly two hours Saturday night because of a brownout at War Memorial Stadium.
Television adverts for unhealthy foods would not be shown until after 9pm, under a plan before the government.
The Bison collect their first road victory of the season, 10-7, against Bethune Cookman on Saturday. Jarah Williams catches the game-winning touchdown pass.
Hoping to build on the success of a shoe that generated big sales but also some snickers when it was introduced 15 years ago, Reebok Inc.
AP - Detroit Pistons guard Chauncey Billups missed Saturday night's game against the Utah Jazz because of a sprained ankle.
Thousands of Indians around Bhopal are still at risk of poisoning 20 years after a gas disaster, a BBC probe reveals.
Rap artist ODB collapses and dies, aged 35, while working in a recording studio.
Google engineers must have breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when rival Microsoft Corp. rolled out a new search engine that proved glitchy and failed to wow reviewers.
Fitz Hill looked like he had just lost his best friend when the final gun sounded. The heart-ache continues in San Jose as Fresno looms on the schedule.
World number one Roger Federer says his title defence at the ATP Masters Cup in Houston will be the stepping stone to his 2005 campaign.
When DC United opened camp more than nine months ago, snow and ice covered the training grounds around the back side of RFK Stadium.
Police have raided a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers #39; Party (PKK) in the south of the Netherlands, arresting 29 people.
A review of Merck's handling of Vioxx suggests that actions the company took - and did not take - may have affected the health of potentially thousands of patients.
Carlos Ruiz led Guatemala to a 1-0 win over Bolivia in an international exhibition at RFK Stadium on Saturday night.
The clouds gathered again over the Knicks on Saturday, just days after they pushed them away. On the first stop of a four-game trip that is threatening to derail their 
LSU defensive end Marcus Spears and linebacker Cameron Vaughn combined for the go-ahead touchdown to help the No. 17 Tigers beat Alabama 26-10 on Saturday night.
Dutch national anti-terrorism police today arrested more than 20 suspected Kurdish rebels at a paramilitary training camp in the southern Netherlands, according to reports.
AP - Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give coach Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night.
If clear skies break over southern California tomorrow, a B-52 bomber will take off from Edwards air force base and head out over the Pacific.
On one end of the phone line is Jason Campbell. Hes getting ready to play in one of the biggest Auburn games ever against Georgia.
It seems San Jose State is the football-team equivalent of a morning person, doing its best work Saturday at Spartan Stadium when many people were still in bed.
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei pledged Saturday that presidential elections would be held within 60 days to replace late leader Yasser Arafat, while the Palestinian 
Frightened foreigners, many of them longtime residents of this country, piled into buses, boats and planes Saturday as a French-run evacuation widened, despite 
Police have arrested two men and seized three million ecstasy tablets that the pair is accused of importing from Poland hidden inside a bakery oven.
The U.S. government's weather data is now available in a more friendly XML format, so everyone can make use of it. By Daniel Terdiman.
Mozilla Firefox is a safe, free, fast, simple and compatible Web browser that may be the answer to letting go of Internet Explorer once and for all.
The \$3 billion initiative may have the unintended consequence of slowing research nationwide and creating a backlash from religious conservatives.
Just as the PhD crowd emerge with different interpretations of today's economy, everyday Americans battling to balance the checkbook hold diverse opinions about where things stand now and in the future.
Children in America are becoming deeply enmeshed in the consumer culture of getting and spending.
Lamar Odom had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and the Los Angeles Lakers held on to give coach Rudy Tomjanovich a victory over the Houston Rockets 84-79 Saturday night.
Eurostar will hold celebrations in three countries marking a decade of service, in which it is still yet to make a profit.
Hundreds of US troops are diverted from Falluja to Mosul, as violence continues to spread to other areas of Iraq.
The Salvation Armys annual Red Kettle campaign started Thursday at department stores and shopping centers throughout the Arkansas River Valley.
Lindsay Davenport #39;s world number one ranking is in doubt after she failed to make the finals of the WTA Tour Championships in Los Angeles.
MANCHESTER, England - On the north side of the field at Manchester United #39;s Old Trafford, a solemn occasion took place earlier this week.
For Roger Federer, simple equates to sanity. Simple is his stated game plan. He has put a box around his life, and only the important things are allowed in.
Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued fleeing Ivory Coast on Saturday as an emergency summit on the violence-torn west African country was set to open in Nigeria.
About 5,000 South Korean farmers fought running battles with police in the streets of Seoul on Saturday during a protest against a government plan to further ease rice imports.
Microsoft has rolled out its long-planned response to Google and Yahoo in the Internet search industry, but with an uncharacteristically soft-sell approach.
Japanese Princess Sayako would be married next spring with a Tokyo metropolitan government employee, Japanese media reported Sunday.
A major security operation is under way in Chile ahead of an annual Apec summit in the South American nation.
Third-ranked Auburn stated its Orange Bowl case in emphatic fashion yesterday at Jordan-Hare Stadium, treating the college football world to a 24-6 thrashing of No.
The Los Angeles Lakers gave their Coach Rudy Tomjanovich a triumphant return to Houston Saturday night with an 84-79 victory over the Rockets.
On a crisp afternoon, Ethel Lawrence Boulevard looks like any other street in the comfortable suburb of Mount Laurel. Kids play football in front of gray Cape Cod apartments 
The first flight attempt in June 2001 failed when the booster rocket went out of control and the full stackthe booster rocket and X-43A combinationwas destroyed by ground controllers.
even if they #39;re still contaminated from the World Trade Center attacks. Three years after the Twin Towers #39; collapse and eight months 
I have decided to pay attention to this subject one last time, at least until Dell finally releases either desktop PCs or servers equipped with AMD processors.
In a step toward creation of a weapon to shoot down ballistic missiles, a laser designed to be mounted in a jet was test-fired for the first time at Edwards Air Force Base.
A disturbing trend has returned to South Carolinas secondary at the time the Gamecocks hate to see it the most. As happened so often in USCs embarrassing, 63-17 
As grieving Palestinians flocked to Yasser Arafat #39;s tomb to pay their last respects, his successors yesterday promised a swift election to replace him.
Remember how people would stand in line for hours to see the first showing of a hot new movie? This week, a video game generated the same kind of excitement.
Lindsay Davenport found herself in an unusual position at the WTA Tour Championships at Staples Center on Saturday afternoon. She was both a winner and a loser.
Washington State #39;s dream of a fourth consecutive bowl trip was exterminated last night by the strong right arm of Arizona State quarterback Andrew Walter in Sun Devil Stadium.
When Reggie Wong was growing up in Boston's Chinatown, ''We had one kind of soy sauce, quot; he says.
The Massachusetts attorney general's office is investigating the state's health insurance industry over lucrative commissions offered brokers who are supposed to bring employers the best insurance deals.
Norris Edgecombe doesn't have a fireplace in his Dorchester home, but he builds 10 to 20 roaring fires a night.
If you have a credit card with a variable interest rate, you may have noticed your rates have been going up.
Users are finding lots of inventive ways to lose precious files, say data recovery experts.
The national and state economies continue to expand, giving the Federal Reserve room for further interest rate increases, said Mike Helmar, who follows North Carolina for Economy.
The Environmental Protection Agency has suspended a controversial study aimed at exploring how infants and toddlers absorb pesticides and other household chemicals, officials said this past week.
AFP - The death toll from a bombing in the Indonesian province of Central Sulawesi has risen to six, a hospital worker said.
TechWeb - With more native drivers than ever, Pervasive Software's data integration suite packs a punch.
AP - Northern Ireland's Darren Clarke won the Taiheiyo Masters on Sunday, closing with 4-under 68 for a six-stroke victory.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. -- We can only imagine how enjoyable that flight home was for the Boston College party.
NEW YORK -- John Ruiz took winning ugly to new depths last night at Madison Square Garden.
CARSON, Calif. -- Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better.
Once again, the ailing and shorthanded Indiana Pacers built a big lead. This time, they were able to hold off New York's furious comeback.
Senior tailback Robert Carr rushed for 160 yards on 32 carries and scored two touchdowns to lead Yale to a 21-9 win over Princeton yesterday in New Haven.
AUBURN, Ala. -- All Auburn can do now is take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and the computer rankings fall its way.
Boston College's 36-17 victory over West Virginia yesterday put the Eagles in control of their destiny in terms of the Big East championship and the Bowl Championship Series berth that comes with it.
NORMAN, Okla. -- Jason White threw for 383 yards and three touchdowns to help No. 2 Oklahoma rout Nebraska, 30-3, last night.
Scientists say they are closer to understanding exactly how exercise is good for the heart.
US Airways Group Inc. yesterday asked a federal bankruptcy judge to void labor agreements with three unions to help it slash costs and avoid liquidation.
UCLA coach Karl Dorrell, emotionally spent but glowing with pride, rubbed his eyes before he addressed the media. In the cramped dressing room next door, amid the singing from 
The first question posed to Al Groh in his press conference last night, not surprisingly, concerned the Miami Hurricanes #39; big plays.
EAST LANSING, Mich. - Wisconsin #39;s dream of an unbeaten season might have ended just before halftime Saturday at Michigan State.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair was among the hundreds of people that attended an emotional service for a man kidnapped and killed in Iraq.
By virtually all measures, the Los Angeles basin, the bowl-shaped home to 17 million air-breathing humans, remains the nation's capital of bad air.
He rolled to his right, bought as much time as possible and made the sort of touchdown pass that any veteran quarterback would envy.
It is only five games into the season for the Knicks, and Lenny Wilkens already is getting bored by watching his team follow the same script over and over.
Michigan State used a powerful rushing attack to rout No. 4 Wisconsin 49-14 yesterday and knock the Badgers out of the national championship race.
Emergency supplies from the Red Crescent in Iraq have arrived in the Fallujah. It #39;s the first batch of humanitarian aid transported to Fallujah since the US forces launched 
Iraqi national security adviser Kasim Dawood said Saturday up to 1,000 insurgents have been killed in the six-day battle for Fallujah, CNN reported.
RAMSTEIN, Germany The largest US military hospital overseas has had to add beds to handle the number of wounded soldiers coming in from Iraq.
Banned separatist party Batasuna is expected to call for an end to violence in the campaign for Basque independence.
Spec. Aaron Bugg had the muscles in his legs severed while in Iraq but Saturday he walked down the aisle with the woman he has loved since junior high.
Jose Fonseca scored three goals Saturday night, leading Mexico to a 5-0 victory over St. Kitts and Nevis in a CONCACAF World Cup qualifier.
The BBC News website scoops a prestigious prize at Hollywood's Online News Association awards .
AFP - Several rounds of ammunition and grenades were stolen last week from British troops holding training exercises in Kenya's Rift Valley, the British High Commission in Nairobi said.
Normally, toilet paper in Auburn is reserved for the oak trees on the corner of Magnolia Avenue and College Street following Tiger wins.
Flashing championship credentials, Auburn took a major step toward forcing its way into the national title game. Carnell Williams, Ronnie Brown and the third-ranked Tigers dominated No.
The banned Basque separatist party, Batasuna, is expected to appeal for an end to decades of armed conflict in its campaign for Basque independence.
NEW YORK -- This was everything Andrew Golota could have hoped for. It was the last, best hope for the Chicagoan to become heavyweight champion of the world.
To his Palestinian followers he was Abu Ammar, the kaffiyeh-clad warrior king who had brought them from the wilderness to the brink of statehood.
A: In the early stages of coal mining, miners would take a caged canary deep into the mines with them as a warning of poisonous air.
Anthem #39;s yearlong effort to buy WellPoint Health Networks is now focused on Georgia, where the insurance commissioner says he wants cash concessions like those given in California.
American scientists are developing hypersonic cruise missiles that will fly 10 times faster than current rockets, penetrate concrete armouring and could be launched from any site in the world.
A version of the Windows operating system designed for small devices such as personal digital assistants (PDAs) (or Handheld PCs in the Microsoft vernacular).
In some remote Alaskan villages, the coastline creeps closer each year, threatening the homes and livelihood of Inupiaq Eskimo, Inuit and other indigenous tribes.
The five drivers locked in the closest championship race in NASCAR #39;s history have a single, simple goal in today #39;s Southern 500: win.
Southern California, the best college football team in the country, overwhelmed Pacific-10 Conference opponent Arizona, 42-9 Saturday night.
Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo replaced his army chief with a more hardline officer and vowed to rebuild his air force on Sunday as regional 
A Palestinian farmer told of how his olive grove of 400 trees had been poisoned by Israeli settlers and his son run over and killed by a settler.
The Ulster Defense Association, Northern Ireland #39;s largest outlawed group, announced Sunday it wants to rejoin peacemaking efforts, a potentially significant step forward in the peace process.
Students these days are consuming breakfast cereal as if their grade-point averages depended on it - for breakfast, lunch, dinner and in between.
SHARES in Manchester United will come under pressure after the apparent collapse of a controversial 780m bid by American sports mogul Malcolm Glazer.
Campaigning ends ahead of Namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to President Sam Nujoma.
Stock investors next week should get more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
Elections to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat will be held on 9 January, the interim president announces.
Reuters - Stock investors next week should get\more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to\drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
Manchester United is to ask the Takeover Panel to clarify the company #39;s position regarding a potential takeover approach by US tycoon Malcolm Glazer.
GAINESVILLE  He walked toward the tunnel one final time, his career within Ben Hill Griffin Stadium finished less than three years after it began.
The United States has reported encouraged Israel to help strengthen the position of moderate Palestinians in the wake of Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Since two Chinese engineers were kidnapped in Pakistan #39;s western tribal belt last month, the country #39;s military has been hunting for Abdullah Mahsud, the master 
Senior Tories back their leader's decision to sack shadow arts minister Boris Johnson amid allegations about his private life.
Microsoft unveils the beta version of its own search engine, dubbed MSN Search. It does not include some anticipated tools, such as desktop search.
US commanders said they had established at least loose control over almost all of Fallujah on Saturday and estimated that 1,600 insurgents have been 
One of the doctors that treated Yasser Arafat before his death is expressing frustration while discussing how the Palestinian leader died.
The government yesterday recognised the ceasefire of Northern Ireland #39;s largest loyalist paramilitary group, the Ulster Defence Association, in an attempt to boost the Northern Ireland peace process.
AFP - Militants threatening to kill three UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan set a fresh deadline for their demands to be met and blamed the United States for slowing up negotiations.
A police inspector, two sergeants and two constables were hospitalised after being slightly injured when they went to investigate a fight in Paceville.
US and Iraqi forces are still battling insurgents in Fallujah Sunday, although senior officials say the offensive against the rebel-held city is nearly complete.
Im suspicious of sequels. They can be rotten at their core, like reeling in a wealthy elderly spouse - not to carry on a legacy, but to carry off the money.
BJP on Sunday criticised Railway Minister Lalu Prasad over the stampede at New Delhi Railway station on Saturday, in which five people were killed and at least 10 injured.
The British government learned about an alleged plot to overthrow the government of Equatorial Guinea in January this year, several weeks before suspects who 
Harry Reid, an unassuming Democrat, Mormon and opponent of abortion who will become the Senate minority leader, is little like the man he will succeed, Tom Daschle.
Rescuers search for about 18 missing sailors after storms cause three shipwrecks, killing at least one sailor.
World champion Sebastien Loeb of France wrapped up his record-equalling sixth win of the year on Sunday as he coasted to victory over a depleted Rally Australia field.
The British government knew about the alleged plot to overthrow the President of Equatorial Guinea at least five weeks before a group of mercenaries was arrested in March for planning the coup.
The looming political battle over how to reform the tangled US income tax code could get ugly. But one option, a tax aimed at boosting savings, holds promise.
AP - Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.
Russia says is ready to resolve its dispute with Japan over the Kuril islands, seized by the Soviets in 1945.
Sometimes when stocks soar, it has nothing to do with investors #39; genuine interest in the company #39;s prospects. They just buy because the stock is going up.
It was a bold move by David Gill and chairman Sir Roy Gardner to be so openly critical of a man who had proved how much power his stake in the club gives him.
AN international drug syndicate has failed to smuggle almost \$90 million worth of the designer drug ecstasy into Adelaide. It was revealed yesterday that the 365kg shipment of ecstasy tablets 
Ireland claimed one of the most notable scalps in world rugby by sending Tri-Nations champions South Africa crashing to defeat at Lansdowne Road yesterday.
Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, 2005, pushing forward with steps to a secure a new leader following the death of Yasser Arafat.
Rumsfeld rubs it in: it's the revenge of the drone class
India captain Sourav Ganguly will miss the Test series against South Africa after being suspended for two matches for allowing a slow over-rate.
A filmmaker is shot and stabbed to death in broad daylight on the edge of a city park. Streets fill with tens of thousands of angry protesters.
Australia #39;s largest seizure of the party drug Ecstasy was expertly hidden inside the metal shell of a bakery oven from Poland.
THE Federal Government #39;s control of both houses of parliament created a rare opportunity to overhaul the four pillars banking policy, Westpac chief executive David Morgan said yesterday.
MARION Jones, once regarded as the world #39;s finest woman athlete, could be banned despite never having failed a drugs test and be stripped of her Olympic gold medals.
AP - Washington's super-close governor's race may be hell on the candidates, but it's a special sort of heaven for political bloggers.
Western governors Saturday urged Congress to change to the Endangered Species Act and make the complex law less of a strain on private landowners.
Less than two weeks ago, some of the most senior loyalist paramilitary figures in Northern Ireland walked through the doors at Stormont and into a dialogue with the secretary of state.
Algerian rescue services were searching on Sunday for about 20 sailors missing after severe storms sank one ship and drove two aground near Algiers port, killing three seamen.
Iran agrees to suspend its uranium enrichment programme as part of deal with EU, diplomats are quoted as saying.
The International Space Station, with two astronauts aboard, has fallen seven kilometers as a result of a severe magnetic storm, Russian space experts announced.
New guidelines to bring order to the global Internet domain name market and enhance the flow of electronic commerce came into effect on Friday.
Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Joey Porter and Cleveland Browns running back William Green were ejected before Sunday #39;s game for fighting during warmups.
NFL rushing and scoring leader Priest Holmes was out for Sunday #39;s game against the New Orleans Saints because of a knee injury and replaced by Derrick Blaylock.
KOLKATA, NOVEMBER 14: The past caught up with Sourav Ganguly as the Indian skippers return to international cricket was shortlived.
The Chairman of PLO executive committee Mahmoud Abbas, or Abu Mazen, escaped on Sunday night an assassination attempt as he was attacked by unknown militants atthe mourning tent 
AP - Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker Joey Porter and Cleveland Browns running back William Green were ejected before Sunday's game for fighting during warmups.
Four years ago, a federal court ordered the Environmental Protection Agency to set limits on the release of mercury and other harmful emissions from cement factories.
British Home Secretary David Blunkett warned Sunday that Al-Qaeda is  quot;on our doorstep and threatening our lives, quot; the London Telegraph reported.
For all his sly buffoonery - it was almost impossible to get him to answer a question properly - Yasser Arafat was a man with a vision.
Meanwhile, the favored candidate, Mahmoud Abbas, escaped injury as Palestinians waged a deadly gun battle during a mourning service for Yasir Arafat.
The controversy erupted as the Congress prepared to return for a post-election session under pressure to pass legislation that would create a national director of intelligence.
A growing religious movement sees potential to shift a blue state's hue.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni calls a week-long truce with Lord's Resistance Army rebels.
Moviegoers don #39;t need to be a sorcerer #39;s apprentice to see that Pixar has cast a powerful spell over the world of animation.
Auburn caught Oklahoma in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday, creating a tie for second place behind No. 1 Southern California.
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei was nominated by acting President Rawhi Fattouh as chief of the national security council on Sunday.
A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.
US soldiers have discovered a series of underground bunkers in the Iraqi city of Fallujah . That word comes from a CNN correspondent embedded with a unit of the First Infantry Division.
The Fatah central committee on Sunday named former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas as its candidate for chairman of the Palestinian Authority, to replace the late Yasser Arafat.
The Bush administration is preparing with European allies to help the Palestinian Authority organize January elections and improve its security forces to crack down on 
Despite the NFL's 30th-ranked offense, Washington is still in the mix for a wild-card spot. The Redskins and Bengals are underway at FedEx.
stocks of companies with a market capitalization between \$100 million and \$2 billion, calculated as shares outstanding times share price -- outperformed larger-cap stocks last quarter.
Several hours after Bradford C. Bleidt, an investment manager who owns Boston radio station WBIX, drove home from a festive station party last week at 
MICROSOFT #39;S search engine launched opens a new front for the world #39;s biggest software company in the war for control of the internet, analysts said.
The Houston Texans made mistake after mistake Sunday and Manning converted them into touchdown after touchdown. Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards and threw five touchdowns for the third time 
Japan was waiting Sunday for China to respond to claims that a nuclear-powered Chinese submarine entered Japanese waters. Japan #39;s Trade Minister Shoichi Nakagawa said Sunday 
An American researcher claimed Sunday to have discovered the remains of the legendary lost city of Atlantis on the bottom of the east Mediterranean Sea.
Australian spies are revealing secrets to Indonesia, according to one former spy, amid revelations that Indonesian agents bugged politicians, the military and Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Davids of the stock market are  beating the Goliaths again.
Matt Stover kicked a 42-yard field goal with 7:39 remaining in overtime to lift the Ravens to a 20-17 victory over the Jets on Sunday.
Ronaldo scored two goals Sunday to help Real Madrid trounce lowly Albacete 6-1 and move into second place in the Spanish standings.
Players to watch  Titans #39; Derrick Mason is 2nd in NFL with 52 catches, 2 for TDs. Bears #39; Anthony Thomas has rushed for 208 yards in last 2 games.
It was early in the fourth quarter, and last Sunday #39;s game against Washington was still in reach if only the Detroit Lions could make a move.
TEHRAN - Iran promised Sunday to suspend all uranium enrichment activities in an agreement concluded Sunday with Britain, France and Germany, officials said.
Palestinian officials scheduled presidential elections for Jan. 9, pushing forward Sunday with steps to a secure a new leader after the death of Yasser Arafat.
Landrum Bolling was the US 'back channel' to the Palestine Liberation Organization for years.
A Muslim reporter considers a Saudi newspaper article's checklist for a successful Ramadan.
With management responsibilities of the .net domain soon to be up for grabs, several groups are positioning themselves to snatch the domain from its current steward, VeriSign Inc.
New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs running back Priest Holmes missed Sunday #39;s 27-20 loss to New Orleans with a knee injury.
The Saints forced four turnovers and came up with a pair of late stops to preserve a 27-20 victory over the struggling Kansas City Chiefs.
NEW YORK - Stock investors this week should get more clues on whether the bull market has long enough legs to drive gains to year end, as many market pros now expect.
India captain Sourav Ganguly will be unable to play in the forthcoming Test series against Sout Africa, because of a ban imposed by the International Cricket Council.
AP - Free agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants, the team announced Sunday.
A total of 17 people were killed when a car bomb detonated in a crowded street in central Baghdad on Thursday, the police said. A thick column of black smoke rose into the sky 
A US researcher on Sunday claimed he had found the lost civilization of Atlantis in the watery deep off Cyprus -- adding his theory to a mystery which has baffled explorers for centuries.
AP - Nearly two weeks after John Kerry conceded the election and President Bush laid out his agenda, New Mexico is among several states that have yet to determine the winner's margin of victory.
Reuters - The Davids of the stock market are\beating the Goliaths again.
AFP - What do you do when you've got billions of dollars lying around and don't know how to spend them?
AP - D.C. United won an unprecedented fourth MLS Cup on Sunday, beating Kansas City 3-2.
Scientists have produced compelling evidence that autism may in some cases be linked to inflammation of the brain.
If you want the taste of Thanksgiving without the cooking and without the calories, a Seattle soft drink maker may have the answer.
Hilton Group, the operator of Hilton hotels outside the United States, is selling about a dozen of its British hotels as it focuses on the country #39;s main cities.
A jump in third quarter exports shows China #39;s feather and down industry has recovered from the impact of bird flu, or avian influenza, industry insiders report.
LONDON, England -- Eurostar, the high-speed passenger services, is celebrating 10 years of service between Britain, France and Belgium.
China Southern Airlines Co. said its board of directors has approved plans to take over China Northern Airlines and Xinjiang Airlines from its parent company.
Brazilian forwards Edu Schmidt and Ricardo Oliveira scored as Real Betis ended Barcelona #39;s unbeaten streak with a 2-1 win Sunday.
Darlington, SC (Sports Network) - Jimmie Johnson captured the 55th and final running of the Southern 500 at the Darlington Raceway.
On a normal school day, Amber Charles carries her books, a bag, perhaps a spot of lunch. Today she carries the hopes of the nation.
African leaders backed an arms embargo and other immediate UN sanctions against Ivory Coast on Sunday, isolating President Laurent Gbagbo #39;s hard-line government 
At a private ceremony, Richard J. Codey, the president of the State Senate, was sworn in as acting governor of New Jersey.
A Palestinian pollster says Yasser Arafat #39;s death will not leave a political vacuum because others effectively replaced him years ago.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 13 - It started poorly for Harvard, even before the game. When its marching musicians were introduced by the public address announcer -
A concessionary agreement struck late Thursday with a union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways customer service workers appears far less onerous than what the airline 
AP - Just like the old days in Dallas, Emmitt Smith made life miserable for the New York Giants on Sunday.
Heather Daly-Donofrio holed out her second shot for eagle on the third hole and cruised to a four-stroke victory Sunday in the LPGA Tournament of Champions.
Iran has accepted a full suspension of uranium enrichment and linked activities, diplomats said Sunday. The diplomats said the Iranians apparently dropped demands to modify a tentative deal worked out last 
AP - The man who found the remains of the ocean liner Titanic nearly two decades ago has returned to the site and is lamenting the damage done by visitors and souvenir hunters.
Perfection is a hard act to follow and, after the most remarkable 11 months of his life, Roger Federer has much to live up to here this week.
Palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace Yasser Arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than 
John Howard ensured his control over Australian politics for the next four years on Oct. 9 when he swept to an impressive fourth term as prime minister and his Liberal Party 
A retaliatory 10 tax on exchange operations involving US dollars comes into force in Cuba on Monday.
US researchers claim to have found evidence locating the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus.
Comic and Hollywood star Steve Martin wins the American Cinematheque career achievement honour.
The company has announced the sale of its part share in the Laminaria and Corallina oil fields to the British-owned Paladin Oil  amp; Gas.
In a divided vote, members of the Pacific Northwest Newspaper Guild have voted to maintain financial and legal support for a group intervening in the legal dispute between Seattle #39;s daily newspapers.
Beijing, Nov 14. (PTI):Chinese mobile phones are becoming more popular the world over as mobiles made in the Communist nation registered a record growth in exports.
Description: The two Mars Rovers, Opportunity and Sprit, are showing signs of wear... not surprising, since their mission was expected to end in April.
While open-source software is new to the Middle Kingdom, Beijing is looking to change that. Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik explains why.
There #39;s no doubt about the main topic at Friday #39;s annual meeting of Manchester United shareholders: Malcolm Glazer. Though Manchester United PLC has 39,000 
Jimmie Johnson has fought through mistakes, mechanical failures and the despair of losing friends in a plane crash to charge back into NASCAR #39;s closest championship battle ever.
Seattle forward Danny Fortson was suspended for one game without pay after a foul in Friday #39;s game against Toronto was upgraded to a flagrant.
This is how crazy it has become in the race for the BCS title game: Oklahoma might not go to Orange Bowl because of, well, oranges.
Injuries kept former Cornell athlete Dana Antal out of the spotlight of the Canadian national team for the better part of five 
The cycle is now complete: The Lions are back to playing as poorly on the road as they have been at home. The only thing that saved them from total annihilation Sunday 
The mutilated body of a Western woman was found by American forces in Fallujah yesterday, lying on the street covered with a blood-soaked cloth.
Russia has signalled readiness for compromise in a long-standing territorial dispute with Japan over four islands in the Kuril chain.
Militants shot dead a former policeman and a Burmese migrant worker in the southernmost province of Yala Sunday just as Muslims marked the end of Ramadan.
AP - With their punter kicking field goals and their defense kicking Tim Rattay all over the field, the Carolina Panthers doubled their win total.
AP - Auburn made its case on the field  #151; and off  #151; and enough voters were swayed.
Microsoft launched the second beta release of MSN Search with little fanfare. There is no doubt it is good, but few consider it as a threat to Google for sometime to come.
AN expedition to find the lost city of Atlantis claim they have discovered evidence of man-made structures submerged in the sea between Cyprus and Syria.
The Thai government will consider a proposal for a  quot;national conciliation committee quot; to find alternative ways of restoring peace in the south,.
AP - Black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported  #36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil-rich Sudan.
AP - As Bill Clinton's library is unveiled at a gala opening this week, one thing is certain: His messy legacy will be on full display.
In the new Congress, only 4 of the 22 senators from the 11 states of the old Confederacy will be Democrats.
The governments of France, Germany and Britain are studying a letter delivered Sunday by Iran in which it pledged to suspend uranium enrichment activities temporarily in 
Two Italians were killed in a landslide this weekend as fierce storms pounded the country, causing floods that slowed trains, cut off traffic and forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
PRINCE William took part in his first official Remembrance Sunday engagement yesterday as the nation paid its respects to Britains war dead.
About 20 forestry and wood processing companies in New Zealand have reached an agreement on planning to work together to take on the highly lucrative Chinese market.
New York, NY: It was to be expected; the four main events of Don Kings pay per view telecast on HBO were, shall I say, dreadful.
Is there hope in the Middle East in the aftermath of Yasser Arafat #39;s death, or will the optimistic noises now being made fizzle out into the usual confrontation?
Political leaders paid their respects to Britain #39;s war dead in the National Service of Remembrance at the Cenotaph yesterday. The leaders of the government and opposition parties were joined 
 VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian energy drink firm Red Bull has  taken over the Jaguar Formula One team from Ford, Red Bull's  owner told a newspaper Sunday.
(CBS) When the pharmaceutical giant Merck pulled its blockbuster pain medication Vioxx off the market in late September, it became the largest prescription drug recall in history.
A contraceptive vaccine for men that temporarily blocks male fertility has come a step closer with a study showing it is possible to inoculate monkeys against their own sperm.
It was overcast and chilly at the Westside Tennis Club here yesterday morning when Tim Henman went out to practice for the Masters Cup.
The Bears offense continues to be more offensive than anything else, but the defense and special teams each chipped to lead the Bears for their third straight win.
Palestinians held an emergency security meeting in Gaza on Sunday night after the shooting incident in a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza.
Northern Ireland Secretary Paul Murphy is to explain to the Commons his decision to recognise the loyalist Ulster Defence Association #39;s ceasefire.
There was a rare piece of good news for the Japanese royal family yesterday when it was reported that the emperor and empress #39;s only daughter is to marry a commoner.
Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende has visited a mosque following a wave of attacks on Muslim and Christian sites in the Netherlands.
A mistake surfaced at the worst possible time during Quincy Carter's debut as the starter in place of the injured Chad Pennington.
Dow Jones is set to announce that it will pay about \$486 million for the parent company of CBS MarketWatch, a business news site.
More than any other studio, Warner Bros. makes big bets on star vehicles and event films that spare no expense. This holiday season is no exception.
 Two Marines with ties to the Washington region were killed last week in Iraq, the Pentagon said.
Iran agreed Sunday to immediately suspend its nuclear programs in exchange for European guarantees that it will not face the prospect of U.N. Security Council sanctions as long as their agreement holds.
Tory MP Boris Johnson's political career is not over despite his sacking, say his friends and father.
When Tony Stewart struggled to a 20th place finish in the Mountain Dew Southern 500 at Darlington on Sunday, it eliminated any chance that he would have the opportunity to race for the Nextel 
Health India: London, Nov 14: In a new study, researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill rendered monkeys infertile by a vaccine aimed at their sperm.
MANCHESTER United striker Wayne Rooney insisted his club can catch Premier League pacesetters Chelsea after scoring twice at St James #39; Park today.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says his nation is working toward a  quot;mutually acceptable solution quot; to all outstanding issues with Pakistan, including disputed Kashmir.
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin told Haitian leaders on Sunday that deposed President Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s political party must take part in new elections.
Google investors may find out this week whether there really can be too much of a good thing.
Tacoda, an online marketing company, plans to announce the creation of a network of 60 Web sites that will display ads based on how people surf through the network.
Microsoft's browser dominates the Web, but it is facing new competition from Firefox, an open-source project by a new generation of software developers.
The rapper Snoop Dogg's version of the 1971 song "Riders on the Storm" will make its debut on Need For Speed Underground 2, a video game from Electronic Arts.
Expanded editing features will be included in new versions of Acrobat and Reader, which are due for release by year's end.
Anyone who registers with Sun will be able to use Solaris for free on servers with x86 processors.
With Pixar Animation Studios #39; joint venture with the Walt Disney Company set to expire next year, executives in Hollywood have been speculating for months about when 
Microsoft is aggressively moving into Google #39;s traditional turf, making its own search engine to challenge the Internet search king.
Rangers manager Alex McLeish has revealed he will consult with his own bosses before deciding whether to fight Nacho Novo #39;s Old Firm suspension.
The last may not be first in the NFL, but the seconds became first in several league cities by the end of the day Sunday. Both the Green Bay Packers and St.
The leading contender to replace Yasser Arafat was caught in a chaotic gun battle in the Gaza Strip yesterday, foreshadowing the dangers ahead as Palestinian officials urgently 
Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada urged Haitian leaders on Sunday to allow the political party of the deposed president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, to take part in new elections.
The expanded Museum of Modern Art is a serene composition that weaves art, architecture and the city into a transcendent aesthetic experience.
Seattle and Denver have built baseball stadia that exemplify the vastly different results that come with new entertainment center construction.
The Atlanta Falcons (7-2) maintain a three-game lead in the NFC South by stuffing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 24-14, on Sunday.
Allen Iverson scores 29 points and dishes out 12 assists as Philadelphia beats Orlando, 96-87, for its third straight home victory.
Jimmie Johnson wins for the second time at Darlington this year and moves to within 18 points of Nextel Cup leader Kurt Busch with one race left in the chase for the title.
The score is now two out of two for Harmony Gold in its hostile bid for Gold Fields after the Securities Regulation Panel and the Johannesburg high court last week handed down judgments favourable 
Put away the red pen, because publishing software giant Adobe Systems plans to change the way businesses share comments on documents.
A dominant defensive performance and a 21-point lead left the Indianapolis Colts with precious little to fret about at halftime Sunday at the RCA Dome, save the inconsequential.
In my Firefox series last week, I overlooked one of the browser's most powerful search functions: An 'always on' find as you type feature.
DC United has captured its fourth Major League Soccer championship, with a 3-2 victory over the Kansas City Wizards. United allowed the Wizards an early goal, before scoring three times in 
The Palestinian public and its leadership in the territories are united in their intention to hold elections for the leadership of the Palestinian Authority in two months #39; time.
Reggie Bush has two long touchdown runs and No. 1 USC holds off the Bruins, 29-24, to virtually lock up a trip to the Orange Bowl for the BCS title game.
Three Kosovo Albanians are going on trial at the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague.
Adam Vinatieri kicks five field goals, Corey Dillon rushes for 151 yards and the Patriots intercept four passes Drew Bledsoe passes to dump the Bills, 29-6.
The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting 
Dow Jones   Co., publisher of the Wall Street Journal, agrees to buy internet news site Marketwatch for \$519m.
Most cars do a poor or marginal job protecting passengers from whiplash injuries in a rear-end crash, according to crash tests of several models.
Sun Microsystems plans to unveil on Monday the latest version of its flagship Solaris operating system. It also intends to offer a free version of the program to 
As NASA lays the groundwork for a return to the moon and unprecedented trips to Mars, experts must confront a new concern: What if an astronaut gets really sick 35 million miles from home?
The past weeks of steroids, on-field brawls and questionable of NFL marketing have led some to ask: what are sports degenerating into?
Iran notified the UN nuclear watchdog in writing yesterday that it would suspend uranium enrichment and related activities to dispel suspicions that it was trying to build nuclear arms.
Gunmen stormed into a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City Sunday night shortly after the arrival of the new leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization 
Namibians began voting on Monday for a successor to founding President Sam Nujoma, who stands down in March after 15 years in charge.
David Garrard, in for injured quarterback Byron Leftwich, keeps the Jaguars steady improvement going with a 23-17 overtime win over the Lions on Sunday.
Q: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.
US 10-year Treasury notes fell in Asia as an index of manufacturing probably rose from last month, giving further evidence the economy is expanding.
Gold Fields may find itself without a board, a chairman, or the approval of its shareholders for its financial statements after a crucial shareholders meeting tomorrow.
An innovative engine that compresses air by its shape alone to reach hypersonic speeds will attempt to break its own record this week with a test flight over the Pacific Ocean.
Russia #39;s approval of the Kyoto Protocol this month released the brakes for an agreement that has been under international negotiations since 1997.
Troy Brown has had to make a lot of adjustments while playing both sides of the football.  quot;You always want to score when you get the ball -- offense or defense 
Jacques Chirac has ruled out any withdrawal of French troops from Ivory Coast, despite unrest and anti-French attacks, which have forced the evacuation of thousands of Westerners.
FALLUJAH: US Marines yesterday found the mutilated body of what they believe was a Western woman during a sweep of a street in central Fallujah.
Energy drink company Red Bull is set to take over the Jaguar Formula One team, a report says.
The UN nuclear watchdog is to release a report into Iran's nuclear plans, as Tehran says it will halt uranium enrichment.
Well-known brands advertising on eDonkey raises questions about the popularity of free downloads.
Tracey Emin, Damon Albarn and Jack Vettriano have taken mobile phone photos for an exhibition in London.
The scramble by big traditional US airlines to become profitable again is leaving many travelers with longer airport layovers. The typical American Airlines passenger connecting through Dallas/Fort Worth now 
Eurostar services to London will stop at St Pancras, instead of Waterloo, when the Channel Tunnel Rail Link is finished in 2007, it has been revealed.
Five people were killed yesterday when a small airplane crashed in bad weather near an apartment complex for seniors, authorities said.
During a recent six-week period, I conducted a small spyware experiment on my Windows computer. I kept track of days I opened Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Adobe Acrobat 7 will be available in December. It will support 3D images and complex electronic forms through an additional product called Adobe Livecycle Designer 7. Mark Wheeler, senior enterprise marketing 
Greek and British police in a joint operation cracked an illegal software sales ring, arresting two people and seizing thousands of pirated software programs, Greek police said on Friday.
of management and administration solutions for Microsoft SQL Server, announced the general availability of Version 1.2 of its SQLsafe product for EMEA.
In the final moments of DC United #39;s 3-2 victory over the Kansas City Wizards in yesterday #39;s MLS Cup, coach Peter Nowak paced the sideline 
Auburn caught Oklahoma in The Associated Press Top 25 yesterday, creating a tie for second place behind No. 1 USC. It is the second tie for No.
Jordan Grand Prix has concluded an agreement with Toyota Motorsport GmbH for a supply of engines in the 2005 Formula 1 World Championship season.
The British governments recognition of the Ulster Defence Associations ceasefire officially came into effect today. It came hours after the UDA, Northern Irelands largest loyalist paramilitary group 
SEOUL: South Korea #39;s police detained more than 140 public sector workers for their involvement in an unprecedented illegal strike against a controversial government labor reform bill, officials said.
Hong Kong Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa said Monday that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government will not consider any suggestion on constitutional 
Energy drink company Red Bull has bought the Jaguar Formula One team.
Voting starts in Namibia's presidential poll, which will elect a successor to veteran leader Sam Nujoma.
which cost 130million and opened only 10 years ago - is to close. The fleet of Eurostar trains, which connect London with Paris 
Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Steve Ballmer will be in India next week, the latest in a series of periodic visits to the country.
A new study of automobile head restraints found that most do not do a good job of protecting passengers from whiplash in low-speed collisions.
In September Jordan, Jaguar and Minardi were not sure whether they would be on the grid in 2005 after Ford decided to withdraw from the sport.
Austrian energy drink makers Red Bull said on Monday they had bought the Jaguar Formula 1 motor racing team from Ford who withdrew the team after this year #39;s world championship.
Jerusalem, Nov 14 : Israel is divided over a US proposition to allow East Jerusalem residents to participate in elections for a new Palestinian Authority chairman, to lend it greater credibility.
Toyota have cleared the way for Jordan to compete in Formula One next season by agreeing to supply the troubled team with engines at  quot;an affordable price quot;.
Officials were today still trying to identify the body of a western woman found in Fallujah as US marines continued attacking insurgents in the city.
New industry standard should offer cooler, quieter systems--so why isn't anybody rushing to embrace it?
NASA plans to try to set a world speed record for jets with the flight of a pilotless vehicle that culminates a decades-long research program into hypersonic flight.
Dr. Robinson worked to find the best possible solution to cartography's frustrating "Greenland problem."
The benchmark for Tokyo stocks rallied nearly 1.9 percent Monday following last week #39;s gains on Wall Street and an upgrade of major Japanese banks by an international credit ratings agency.
Surrounded by what remained of his entourage, a victorious John Ruiz was walking through the tunnel toward his dressing room Saturday night when a spectator leaned over 
Jacques Santini will fight Tottenham for compensation in the wake of his shock departure nine days ago. The 52-year-old is staying in England until the issue is resolved 
As darkness descended in the Valley of the Sun, the Giants flickering playoff hopes may have been all but extinguished in the cool desert air.
Israel, in a policy change, would be willing to co-ordinate a planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip if Palestinian authorities cracked down on militant groups, an Israeli official said today.
Asian stock markets closed mostly higher Monday, with the key index rising sharply in Tokyo and hitting a record high in Australia.
Internet-based holiday company Ebookers says cutting 360 jobs during the year has helped reduce its losses by 39.
Thats the simple message being spread across the internet by a fast-growing clique of people who have seen the light, and switched to a different browser.
Dutch authorities have charged two teenagers with cyber crimes on suspicion of bringing down government Web sites last month by flooding them with traffic.
Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo accused France on Monday of backing his rebel opponents and compared its military behaviour in his country to the 1968 Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.
The southern African nation of Namibia voted on Monday for a successor to the only leader the country has ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting started smoothly.
Two Australians who attempted to import \$200 million worth of the drug ecstasy will go on trial in Sydney #39;s Central Criminal Court Monday.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun is in Argentina for three days of trade talks with his Argentine counterpart, La Nacion reported Monday.
Ford confirmed on Monday that Red Bull had bought their Formula One team and that their engine manufacturer Cosworth had been sold to the owners of the Champ Car series.
Demanding full labor rights, unionized public workers went on a general strike for the first time in the nations history on Monday.
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin is in Haiti to generate international support for the embattled Caribbean nation, Haitian radio reported Monday.
US stocks were slightly lower on Thursday, reversing some of Wednesday #39;s sharp rally, as another slide in oil prices knocked shares of energy-related companies.
Dutch authorities have charged two teenagers with cybercrimes on suspicion of bringing down government Web sites last month by flooding them with traffic, public prosecutor said Friday.
Drink company Red Bull steps in to buy Jaguar hours before its closure deadline.
Google engineers must have breathed a sigh of relief Thursday when rival Microsoft Corp. rolled out a new search engine that proved glitchy and failed to wow reviewers.
The release schedule includes a new free Acrobat Reader, now with reviewing capabilities, the company said. Adobe is highlighting its focus on workgroups and document management.
LINUX OUFIT Red Hat has opened its new office in Beijing and is already claiming that it has the inside leg measurement of the government.
Red Bull have this morning been confirmed as the new owners of Jaguar Racing after Ford completed their withdrawal from Formula One.
WHEN quarterback Quincy Carter was unexpectedly released by the Dallas Cowboys during training camp, his departure was surrounded by whispers, never officially confirmed, that he had failed a drug test.
Retiring president Sam Nujoma, founder of the state who has held office for 15 years, cast the first vote at a polling station in the capital, Windhoek.
Free-agent shortstop Omar Vizquel has agreed to terms with the San Francisco Giants, the team announced Sunday. Vizquel agreed to a \$12.
Efforts to get North Korea to scrap its nuclear weapons programs are expected to be high on the agenda when President Bush meets with other Asia-Pacific 
Whether you're into science fiction's predicted future or just like bizarre creatures, here's an art show for you. Rachel Metz reports from New York.
A conference dedicated to online journalism explores the effect blogs have on news reporting. Some say they draw attention to under-reported stories. Others struggle to establish the credibility enjoyed by professionals.
Perhaps the sight of Maria Sharapova opposite her tonight will jog Serena Williams #39; memory. Wimbledon. The final. You and Maria.
The only people more nervous than Bowl Championship Series officials these days are those forces in college football opposed to a playoff system that would decide the national championship.
Namibian voters are casting their ballots in the nation #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections. In Windhoek, people started arriving at the polling stations as early as 5am today.
Ministers are facing questions about how they knew about an alleged coup plot in Africa weeks before mercenaries were arrested for planning it.
Madonna records an introduction to the new Band Aid music video, which gets its premiere on Thursday.
Despite a clampdown after the dot-com bust, some employees now have more options about when and where they work.
SCO's fight against Linux has conspiracy theorists buzzing over Microsoft's role in the affair. What are the facts?
If you're tired of all those candidate polls after the long election season, you aren't alone. So are the pollsters.
US pharmaceutical company Perrigo expands its generic drug business with the purchase of Israel's Agis Industries.
Israeli forces withdraw from the West Bank town of Jenin and its refugee camp after two weeks of  operations.
November is proving to be a bumper month for computer games - and it is not over yet.
In the coming weeks, the U.S. and Iraq's government must still combat a resilient and dangerous insurgency outside Falluja.
The United States would like the dollar to strengthen but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday.
British companies are losing out because other European Union countries are blocking access to lucrative public contracts, Treasury chief Gordon Brown said Monday.
Deutsche Bank is offering Stelco Inc. a \$900-million refinancing package that could leave it as the company #39;s biggest shareholder.
Taking a leaf from Linux #39;s book, Sun Microsystems will later today make its newly developed Solaris 10 operating system available for free, charging customers only for support.
Microsoft #39;s Windows CE has knocked Palm off the PDA operating system sales top spot for the first time, newly released market research has revealed.
then vowed he is off the penalty rota for Saturday #39;s game with Celtic. The Croatian striker fired the only goal at Easter 
For only the second time in league history, a safety provided the winning points in overtime when the Chicago Bears beat the Tennessee Titans, 19-17, on Sunday in Nashville.
A gunbattle sparked by militants confronting moderate interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on a visit to Gaza underscores the urgent need for elections to 
A relief convoy of ambulances and supplies Monday was turned back by Iraqi authorities or US Marines from entering Fallujah, a spokesman for the international Red Cross said.
Manchester United plans talks with its two largest shareholders to put an end to months of speculation about the club #39;s future ownership.
Subaru driver Petter Solberg revealed he was already looking ahead to next seasons championship during the Rally Australia. The 2003 world champion retired on day one of the 
Tom Brady threw two touchdown passes and Adam Vinatieri kicked five field goals to lead the New England Patriots past the Buffalo Bills, 29-6, Sunday night.
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi #39;s office confirmed Monday that two of his female relatives who were kidnapped last week have been released.
Namibians lined up in front of polling stations in capital Windhoek on Monday, casting their votes to choose a new president and parliament for the country, with the ruling 
Egypt is to conduct tests on the mummy of Tutankhamen in a bid to solve the mystery over the cause of his death.
Ford predicted a bright future for the Jaguar Formula One team on Monday after completing the sale of the racing outfit to energy drinks company Red Bull.
Nov. 14: Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz will formally put forward General Pervez Musharrafs proposals for Kashmir when he arrives here later this month.
British companies have been discriminated in winning lucrative public contracts in European Union countries, according to a report on Monday commissioned by the Treasury.
Apple Computers iTunes Music Store sold its 150 millionth song in mid-October, another milestone in its push to stay ahead of digital music rivals such as Microsoft and Dell.
Although Finjan Software has detected ten flaws in Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 2, it refuses to divulge any technical details.
The next step is for all Palestinians to participate in elections, including those in occupied territories and in exile. By Omar Merhi.
Greece's public deficit exceeded eurozone limits when it joined the European single currency in 2001, its finance ministry admits.
Nigeria's government cuts the price of fuel in a bid to avert a planned general strike by the country's biggest unions.
DUBLIN, Ireland - The United States would like the dollar to strengthen but believes international currency markets should be left to set its value, US Treasury Secretary John Snow said Monday.
Greece has admitted it joined the euro in 2001 on the basis of figures that showed its budget deficit to be much lower than it really was.
In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
There will be at least 20 cars on the Formula One grid to start the season in 2005. Energy drink maker Red Bull has completed the purchase of the Jaguar Racing team from automaker Ford.
Baylor fans are in a little bit of limbo now. They #39;re thrilled that their team continues to show that it can play with the very best in the country.
Palestinian officials are downplaying a shooting incident at an event attended by interim Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas. On Sunday evening, militants firing assault rifles burst into a mourning tent for 
World News: Seoul, Nov 15 : Tens of thousands of civil servants in South Korea struck work Monday, demanding labour rights, Xinhua reports.
US war planes kill about 20 insurgents attacking police in Baquba as the Falluja assault enters its second week.
Iran has not diverted declared nuclear materials for weapons but concern remains, the UN watchdog says.
A website that apologises to the world for the US election results has been hugely successful.
University of Louisville coach Bobby Petrino said last week that he #39;s not about to stop and consider the rapid climb his team has made on the college football landscape this season.
Darren Lehmann gave evidence Monday at the committal hearing of a man charged in the death of former international cricketer David Hookes.
Michael Vaughan is hoping that England #39;s tour of Zimbabwe will benefit his younger players despite the controversy surrounding the series.
Binding end-user access to once disparate technologies, vendors such as IBM Lotus and Open Text are launching products designed to pull a variety of point products into a single platform.
Symbol Technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless LAN on Monday with the introduction of its WS 2000 Wireless Switch.
England #39;s cricketers flew out for their tour of Zimbabwe today, with captain Michael Vaughan making it quite clear he was opposed to the trip.
McAfee Inc. on Monday plans to announce an add-on for its enterprise antivirus products to offer increased protection against spyware.
BEA Systems at the ApacheCon conference in Las Vegas on Monday is adding the Jonas and Geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the Project Beehive open source development initiative.
New products will include a free Acrobat reader with reviewing capabilities.
Free application creates topic folders on your PC and fills them with the files it finds.
Two pints of lager and the latest White Stripes single, please
The chief executive officers of Intel Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. agreed on Monday to work together towards creating a single international standard for wireless broadband Internet access.
Officials say two Florida International University students were found dead in a minivan in Broward County, apparent victims of carbon monoxide poisoning.
HALO 2 has shipped and it is now very clear which game is will dominate the Xbox this silly season. Bungie #39;s latest is a real winner.
Formula One team Jaguar will race next season after being taken over by beverage company Red Bull on Monday. Jaguar #39;s parent company, Ford, said Sept.
East Rutherford, NJ (WJZ/AP) Ed Reed made another big play when he had to, though he should probably send a thank-you note to LaMont Jordan.
Joe Worsley has recovered from a leg injury and will return to the England back row to face Tri Nations champion South Africa on Saturday.
Was Sunday Curt Schilling Night or Tom Brady Night at Gillette Stadium? Probably a lot of both. First, the sellout crowd was able to celebrate the Boston 
Iran told the United Nations nuclear watchdog that it agreed to a European Union deal to voluntarily stop uranium conversion from Nov. 22, to ward off US calls that the Islamic Republic 
Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov quit today over disagreements with ethnic Albanian parties in the governing coalition, triggering a government crisis in the ethnically tense Balkan state.
Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader is in Serbia - the first such visit since the war between the two former Yugoslav republics ended almost a decade ago.
Google has come to cellphones -- the cheap ones, not just the fancy color-screen models with Web access.
Verizon Wireless, moving to burnish its industry reputation for the strongest cellular calling coverage, said it has recently activated 12 new cell sites in Greater Boston and Northern New England.
Stop the digital video cams. Adobe, a heavyweight in digital image editing, has released Premiere Elements, video-editing software based on Adobe's high-end Premiere Pro.
What a difference a month has made for the Green Bay Packers and the Minnesota Vikings.
CARSON, Calif -- Peter Nowak had an empty feeling when he left the MLS Cup four years ago. He was beaming this time.
The British Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown, says he will complain to the European Union this week over its allocation of government contracts.
Air France-KLM Group, Europe #39;s biggest airline, said second-quarter sales grew 6.4 percent as passengers generated more revenue.
An experimental pilotless jet will today attempt to break the world speed record by reaching 7,000mph - the equivalent of two miles per second.
Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Monday that US Secretary of State Colin Powell is expected to visit the West Bank next week to hold talks with the new Palestinian 
General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
Adobe #39;s version 7 of Acrobat Professional includes some new features meant to improve the ability to collaborate on PDF documents.
BT is to offer Research in Motion #39;s Blackberry mobile email and personal information management system, the UK telco said today.
Millions of medicine bottles will be fitted with tiny radio antennas in the United States in a bid to combat counterfeiting, it emerged today.
France goalkeeper Fabien Barthez misses Wednesday #39;s friendly against Poland after suffering a knee injury playing for Olympique Marseille at the weekend.
The Tennessee Titans are no longer worried about making the playoffs. Right now they just would like to finish .500. Yesterday the Chicago Bears beat the Titans in overtime in Nashville 19-17.
Desktop search player Blinkx unveiled the latest version of its contextual search product today, adding features that allow a user to initiate a search by dropping a file into a folder.
cleansing and rebel groups looting and abducting civilians despite an April ceasefire, a rights group says. action to stop the violence in the vast west of the country.
Although the combined companies wont hurt each other, Im not convinced they can help each other. In its press release, Dow Jones explains why it is buying MarketWatch.
Germany fueled mounting speculation over the future independence of French defense firm Thales on Monday, saying Thales and Airbus parent EADS would 
Eurozone economy is still unable to outperform the US as the reports of its headliners - France and Germany -how decline for the whole zone of 12 nations that share the euro.
Dell and Microsoft have launched a joint development project to improve the management of Dell servers with Microsoft software. The two companies said Monday that they have integrated their respective management 
Some people love their Research in Motion BlackBerrys. Some hate them. Still, countless federal employees think they must have one.
FORD predicted a bright future for the Jaguar Formula One team after completing the sale of the racing outfit to energy drinks company Red Bull.
London submitted its final proposals to host the 2012 Olympic Games today, confident it had struck upon a winning formula. Lord Coe, chairman of London 
What a night for a heavyweight showdown, what a night for boxing, and what a night for your average outspoken, crazy-eyed, biker-looking foul-mouthed trainer.
Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen has denied former head coach Jacques Santinis claim that there was a rift between them at White Hart Lane.
Come inside the value camp and cozy up to long-term results with a cushion of safety.
American Eagle clothier looks good -- on the surface and under the balance sheets.
If destructible DVDs are going to have a fair shot, distributors are going to have to test the concept by releasing a film that is reasonably in demand.
Licenses Mercora 'person-to-person' radio software
The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is having a severe effect on rural Mexico, TVE's Earth Report programme claims.
(Indianapolis) - Indiana University researchers are trying to find out if playing violent video games can make people more prone to violence.
By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz fought, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves.
The top and bottom appears set, but theresa whole lot of middle ground left to cover. The New England Patriots hosted Buffalo last night and Philadelphia and Dallas round 
Chile has begun its security preparations for the upcoming international leaders meeting in Santiago of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation group.
The computer maker envisions the blades being used to replace large numbers of stand-alone servers, among other functions.
The industry heavyweights want to ease a major "pain point" for their customers, Dell's CEO says.
Antivirus company offers improved anti-spyware app to users for a fee.
Discs would offer 100 times the capacity of today's DVDs--but when will they be available?
France and Germany appeared headed for another industrial row on Monday over a French plan to merge Airbus parent EADS with French defense group 
SINGAPORE: Oil prices held steady yesterday near seven-week lows on forecasts of colder-than-normal weather in the US northeast.
Decades after Hollywood first made the leap between alien life and the threat of contamination, a scientist has issued a similar warning.
He shook the world by demanding justice for the Palestinians. But Arafat's defiance ruined his chances to win them independence
Why Fallujah won't be the last bloody battle in the race to pacify\Iraq in time for its elections
Arafat's death raises hopes for a new push for peace. But much depends on who takes charge and how the U.S. responds
Lord Black, the former owner of the Daily Telegraph and the Hollinger International newspaper group, is charged with fraud by US regulators.
General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
American Express on Monday filed a suit against credit card associations Visa and MasterCard and eight major banks for what it called illegal and anti-competitive practices.
Gordon Brown demanded today that Britain #39;s EU partners in the European Union open up their public procurement markets more fully after an official report suggested that that 
Former Boeing Co. Chief Financial Officer Michael Sears pleaded guilty Monday to one felony count of aiding the illegal hiring of a US Air Force official to a top job at the company.
A.J. Feeley will replace Jay Fiedler as the starter Sunday at Seattle, interim coach Jim Bates says Monday.
NASA is set to fly a jet at ten times the speed of sound or approximately 7,000 miles per hour today in a test over the Pacific Ocean.
(CBS/AP) More than half of car seats as currently constructed do not do a good job of preventing whiplash injuries, tests by the insurance industry show.
Offering its new Unix-based Solaris 10 operating system for free  quot;is a critical development for Sun, quot; says Yankee Group analyst Dana Gardner.
Three years after introducing its first blade server, Dell Inc. on Monday rolled out the next generation of the dense form factor, promising greater density and price/performance than what competitors are offering.
Dell President and CEO Kevin Rollins has indicated that the company is actively considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors inside its server products in the foreseeable future.
Can any other professional sport rival women #39;s tennis for the sheer quantity of choking by its top players at big events in 2004?
In the end, Matt Stover won the game for Baltimore when he kicked a 42-yard field goal in overtime. But one play much earlier was the key.
the past two weeks. The AU supports the United Nations resolution to impose sanctions and an arms embargo against Ivory Coast, in an effort to prevent further military action.
An injured Iraqi woman cries out at the scene of an insurgent mortar strike in the Dora section of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Nov. 15, 2004.
The 15-member United Nations Security Council heads to Africa this week to push for an end to 21 years of civil war in southern Sudan.
The Spanish government rejected out of hand a new peace proposal made Sunday by Basque separatists because it did not renounce violence, reports the Scotsman.
An inquest rules that the death of an airman who died in 1953 after a secret nerve gas experiment was unlawful.
On the way to his vision of an "ownership society," President Bush picks a big fight over Social Security
Dow Jones has agreed to buy online financial news provider Marketwatch Inc for 519 million dollars, or 18 dollars per share, the two companies said in a joint statement.
American financial regulators have filed fraud charges against Lord Black of Crossharbour, the former controlling shareholder of the Telegraph Group of newspapers.
Dell and Microsoft have teamed up to develop a combined enterprise IT management tool designed to offer a single point of administration for hardware and software.
Microsoft, a company long known for waking up to a market after its competitors only to dominate that same market, has finally woken up to the digital music market.
London 2012 Olympic bid chairman Sebastian Coe will visit Scotland next month to discuss the benefits of helping to stage the Games with the Scottish Executive.
With Serena Williams #39; victory against Amelie Mauresmo, she not only reached the final but also assisted Lindsay Davenport in finishing the year as the No.
Joe Cole, the Chelsea midfielder, has withdrawn from the England squad to play in a friendly against Spain because of a stomach bug.
Dell Inc. and Microsoft Corp. said Monday they are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
 NEW ORLEANS (Sports Network) - New Orleans Hornets guard  Baron Davis is expected to be sidelined one-to-two weeks  because of a lower back injury.
Second-largest home improvement retailer continues to produce strong results.
The Chicago Bears have made a living out of winning ugly as of late, taking victories any way they can get them. On Sunday, Chicago invented another way to 
Oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic have fall to some of their lowest levels in eight weeks, as shortage fears ease.
General Electric says it #39;s buying SPX Corporation #39;s Edwards Systems Technology fire-and-security unit for more than a billion dollars in an all-cash deal.
Specialty food maker Lancaster Colony Corp. said Monday that its board raised the company #39;s quarterly cash dividend by nearly 9 percent to 25 cents per share from 23 cents.
William Safire's column has appeared on the Op-Ed Page of The New York Times for more than 30 years.
AP - Miami Dolphins interim coach Jim Bates has made his first big decision: He's switching quarterbacks.
AP - PortalPlayer Inc. is hoping it doesn't fall from Apple's tree.
washingtonpost.com - Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again.
WASHINGTON - The seats and head restraints in many cars fail to offer good protection against neck injuries in rear-end accidents, recent crash test results suggest.
Red Bull will not be rushed into any decision about drivers after buying the Jaguar Formula One team on Monday, says team boss Tony Purnell.
Wayne Rooney believes Manchester United Football Club are preparing themselves for a tilt at the Premiership title. The Reds are somewhat off the pace at the moment with eleven points separating them and the 
Over there, New York City #39;s final 2012 Olympic bid book officially comes under consideration today at the International Olympic Committee #39;s Lausanne, Switzerland, headquarters in an otherwise 
PLO leader Mahmud Abbas is due to hold separate meetings with representatives from the Palestinian security services and 13 main factions, officials said.
AP - Software maker Adobe Systems Inc. has upgraded its flagship desktop publishing products, giving powerful new features to not only the authors of electronic documents but also their recipients.
PC World - Antivirus company offers improved anti-spyware app to users for a fee.
Reuters - Nigerian unions on Monday suspended a\general strike due to start on Tuesday after the government\agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices, a union leader said.
AP - President Bush on Monday tapped the chairman of his re-election campaign, Ken Mehlman, to head the Republican Party.
AP - The Supreme Court on Monday overturned the death sentence of a convicted Texas killer because jurors in his trial did not consider his learning disability and other evidence.
AP - The United States on Monday proposed broad international measures to curb the slaughter of sharks in the Atlantic Ocean and encourage the study and preservation of threatened shark populations throughout the world.
AFP - Albania, Croatia and Macedonia said they were ready to increase their participation in NATO operations and pledged to further develop cooperation in their bid to join the alliance.
AP - In March, NASA launched an experimental jet that reached a record-setting speed of about 5,000 mph. Now researchers want to leave that milestone in the dust.
Company ramps up to increase production as demand for new handheld exceeds expectations.
AP - The Hungarian parliament on Monday rejected a government proposal to extend the stay of 300 non-combat troops in Iraq by three months until March 31, 2005.
Microsoft and Dell are looking to merge their Systems Management Server and OpenManage suites to create a powerful, easy and cost-effective server management solution.
The first vending machines to sell music downloads will be introduced in London next month as Britons continue to turn their backs on traditional methods of buying singles.
BT has entered an agreement with Research In Motion to offer co-branded BlackBerry 7230 and 7730 handhelds to its corporate customer base.
MADRID, Spain -- England captain David Beckham has denied reports he plans to quit international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and says he wants to claim a century of caps.
The Eagles don #39;t have much experience coming back after a bad loss under coach Andy Reid. Their only noteworthy losses seem to come in the NFC Championship Game.
Joe Worsley, the Wasps forward, will return to the England team for Saturday #39;s clash against Tri-Nations champions South Africa at Twickenham.
In order to prevent neck injury during a rear-end collision, a vehicles seat and head restaint have to work in tandem to keep the neck from being whipped forward.
Iran today received the qualified backing of the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog just 10 days short of a deadline to address US and European concerns over its programmes.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Monday that it has received the bid books from all five Candidate Cities bidding to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Switzerlands glaciers are melting faster than previously thought, losing almost a fifth of their total area between 1985 and 2000, experts said today.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Red Bull will not be rushed into any  decision about drivers after buying the Jaguar Formula One team  Monday, says team boss Tony Purnell.
AP - Nigeria's main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world's No. 7 exporter.
Company ramps up to increase production as demand for new handheld exceeds expectations.
 LAGOS (Reuters) - Nigerian unions on Monday suspended a  general strike due to start on Tuesday after the government  agreed to reduce domestic fuel prices, union leaders said.
AP - Rod Paige's tenure as Education secretary was defined by his defense of one law, No Child Left Behind Act, the biggest change in federal education policy in decades.
CEO Kevin Rollins hints that computer maker's usage of Advanced Micro Devices' processors is now more a question of when, not if.
Falluja sees more intense fighting as US forces step up their assault to defeat insurgents in the city.
Check Point and McAfee unveil products designed to help companies protect their networks.
Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative.
AP - Sports promoters failed to overturn an NCAA rule limiting tournament appearances involving Division I basketball teams when an appeals court rejected their antitrust suit Monday.
No. 2 US home improvement company Lowe #39;s earned \$522 million in the three months ended October 29th, surpassing Wall Street expectations.
Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. on Monday said it is launching a public offering of two series of its senior notes to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.
General Electric Co. (GE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would buy a fire detection systems business from SPX Corp.
The chancellor, Gordon Brown, today urged the European commission to clamp down on EU states that bend the rules on the allocation of government contracts.
Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration 
Besides unleashing Solaris 10, Sun Microsystems on Monday plans to turn the spotlight on new storage hardware and software offerings as part of its quarterly product launch.
President Roh, who is officially visiting Argentina, stressed on November 14, The competition between the political systems on the Korean Peninsula is over.
AP - NASCAR will use a shortened weekend schedule for the Nextel Cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
washingtonpost.com - Internet Explorer, you're fired.
AFP - Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Moscow was ready to revive peace talks with Japan that would end their technical state of war dating back to World War II.
InfoWorld - Symbol Technologies will take an important step in the evolution of the enterprise wireless LAN on Monday with the introduction of its WS 2000 Wireless Switch.
AFP - At least 79 people were injured, two of them seriously, when a high-speed train carrying more than 160 passengers and crew derailed in eastern Australia, police said.
Does the gaming company have anything that anybody else would actually want?
The fine print in an insurance policy becomes an issue when a bizarre chain of IT disasters leaves a company without a single copy of the source code to its flagship product.\
Civil fraud charges were filed Monday against media baron Conrad Black and lieutenant David Radler for allegedly treating Hollinger International Inc.
If all goes as scheduled Monday afternoon, NASA will set another flight-speed record with its X-43A hypersonic, scramjet research aircraft.
Dell officially re-entered the blade-server market Monday with a long-rumored product the company says helps address costs and thermal issues needed to further propel the growth of blades.
More than 400 wounded US soldiers have been taken to a US military hospital in Germany for treatmentsince last Monday, the hospital said on Monday.
American Express Co. said Monday it was suing rivals Visa and MasterCard for blocking the sale of its credit cards through US banks.
Medicine bottles in the USA are going to have miniscule radio antennas (mini masts) as manufacturers try to combat growing counterfeiting of drugs.
Nigeria #39;s main labor union on Monday indefinitely suspended a looming nationwide strike that had threatened to shut down the oil industry in the world #39;s No.
THE death of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat has been seen in parts of the West, especially the United States and Britain, as an opening to peace in the Middle East.
K5, K6, K8 and then Pacifica? Advanced Micro Devices is working on simultaneous projects, so it has sunk its K names.
SecurePoint's decision to hire the alleged author of the Sasser worm has upset a software partner.
The device is part of the Taiwanese computer maker's ongoing attempt to re-establish itself in the U.S. market.
UCLA held Heisman Trophy contender Matt Leinart in check, but Reggie Bush had two long touchdown runs, Ryan Killeen kicked five field goals and No.
A message purportedly from rebel leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi urges resistance to US forces in Iraq.
When available, the raw script from this video story is presented below. Please note that these scripts come directly from our TV newsroom system and are not edited for web reading.
AP - Eli Manning has replaced Kurt Warner as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
AFP - New Jersey nets guard Ron Mercer underwent surgery on his left knee, a procedure that is expected to sideline him for the next eight weeks of the National Basketball Association season.
AP - The smallest man on the court always seems to make the biggest plays for the Washington Huskies.
Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration initiative.
Company beefs up online service for shipping business information between firms over the Net.
CEO still eyeing AMD. Also: Server maker unsheathes new blades and a software pact with Microsoft.\
The browser market lives, and IT executives should be open-minded about using Firefox and other alternatives. The browser market lives.
A MELBOURNE biotech company will release an embryonic stem cell line free to researchers worldwide  quot;for the good of mankind quot;.
Adobe Reader simply allowed viewing capabilities in past versions. But the upcoming release lets users make comments or editing changes.
BT on Monday struck a deal with Research In Motion to market RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile e-mail and personal information management system in Europe.
com November 15, 2004, 11:32 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
AFP - The medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family, a French defence ministry spokesman told AFP.
Reuters - Peruvian police said on Monday they\seized nearly 1,540 pounds (700 kg) of cocaine hidden in frozen\giant squid bound for Mexico and the United States.
AP - Reactions on Monday to the announcement that Secretary of State Colin Powell is resigning:
Acer's Ferrari red model 3400 features an AMD Athlon 64 processor and starts at \$2,299.
Digital video recorders (DVRs) and set-top boxes are shaping up as one of the early proving grounds for traditional PC chip companies tentatively wading into the consumer electronics market.
NASCAR will use a shortened weekend schedule for the Nextel Cup series at most of its events next season in an effort to save money for teams.
The siege of Fallujah began with an expectation of weeks, if not months, of heavy fighting and worries about how that would influence 
The nation's largest bookseller reports a fall in earnings and completes a spinoff.
AP - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher will miss four to six weeks with a lower left leg injury sustained in Sunday's 19-17 win over the Tennessee Titans.
When you hear the phrases  quot;strong military quot; or  quot;military-industrial complex, quot; one country comes right to mind.
Oil prices tumbled again on Monday, sliding to an 8-week low under \$46 a barrel, as growing fuel stocks in the United States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.
Hewlett-Packard has taken its competition with Sun Microsystems to a new domain: Web logs. Missing Links
Swedish automakers build some of the safest seat-headrest assemblies in the world, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety said Monday.
(National-NBC) Nov. 15, 2004 - A new government initiative will put radio antennas on the labels of some of the most counterfeited drugs in the world.
In a long awaited move, Dell has finally re-entered the blade server market with the release of the Dell PowerEdge 1855 server system.
In its quest for the paperless office, Adobe Systems is gearing up for sweeping changes to its Acrobat and Reader platforms. The San Jose, Calif.
An Australian biotech company announced Monday that it is to release the embryonic stem cell line it has developed to world researchers for free.
Screen shots of an early version of MSN #39;s desktop search application began circulating on the Web on Monday, indicating that Microsoft Corp.
According to a Pentagon announcement issued Friday, last week Boeing (NYSE: BA) successfully completed a test of one of the coolest weapons ever designed (not their exact words).
London, England (Sports Network) - Captain David Beckham will make his return to the English national team Wednesday when they travel to Madrid for a friendly.
Just when things were getting better for the Bears, they took another major hit to their biggest star. All-Pro linebacker Brian Urlacher told FOXSports.
Nigeria #39;s main labor union on Monday lifted its threat of a nationwide strike that would have shut down the oil industry in the world #39;s No.
AP - Nate McMillan looks at the standings of the new Northwest Division and sees something a little odd  #151; the SuperSonics are in first place.
One of the guys behind Microsoft's "Halloween memo" regarding Linux is now working on open-source media software.
With its lowest-priced home PC to date, company shows desire to move beyond pricier game machines.
As expected, Intel Corp. introduced a 3.8GHz Pentium 4 processor Monday in what could represent the end of an era for the chip maker.
Network infrastructure maker UTStarCom Inc. says it has figured out a way to keep local cell phone calls local -- even over enterprise LANs.
AP - Harmony Gold Mining Co. Ltd. said Monday that Gold Fields Ltd. had attempted to hire one of its senior employees to leak information about Harmony's hostile takeover bid.
Infrastructure software developer Gluecode Software Inc. plans to release Monday a new Java application development platform that ties together a number of open-source components into one integrated system.
California-based Sun Microsystems Inc. released its Unix-based operating system Solaris 10 for free Monday, Web Host Industry Review Magazine reports.
Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS (news - web sites) drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food 
McAfee announces an add-on to its enterprise anti-virus software that boosts spyware protection for businesses. By Gregg Keizer, TechWeb News.
Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Urlacher is expected to be sidelined four-to-six weeks because of a lower left leg injury.
San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, who became the third player in Major League Baseball history to hit 700 career home runs, won the National League Most Valuable Player Award 
American marines found the mutilated body of a Western woman as they searched for militants still holding out in Fallujah, the former Sunni insurgent stronghold.
US Roman Catholic bishops are meeting to elect their new president, who they hope will restore the church's reputation after a string of child abuse scandals.
Stocks are mixed as blue chips struggle following a report of weaker-than-expected job growth but the Nasdaq is rising on a solid revenue forecast from chip maker Intel.
Conrad Black has had one of Canada #39;s most colourful business careers. But his fortunes have taken a tumble in the last 18 months.
The US market was more subdued after finishing last week on a high amid cooling oil prices. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended up 11.
The end of the year is nigh and parties are flexing our patience across the land. But Michael Herman warns the festive cheer and goodwill is not shared by online criminals.
Newsday columnist Stephen Williams has penned an editorial/review that questions the focus of Apple #39;s new iPod Photo. Acknowledging the quality of the display 
Final plans for the five bidding cites for the 2012 Olympics have been handed in to the International Olympic Committee #39;s headquarters in Lausanne in Switzerland.
San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award Monday, providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping allegations.
The Indian board (BCCI) has confirmed that it will appeal to the International Cricket Council against the two-Test ban handed down to Sourav Ganguly on Sunday.
The World Anti-Doping Agency could wind up looking into out-of-competition cases of athletes caught taking cocaine and other recreational drugs, its president said Monday.
Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - The Charlotte Bobcats Monday activated guard Keith Bogans and forward/center Jamal Sampson from the injured list.
With the Incredibles atop the movie charts, superheroes are flying higher than ever. Now one expert says some superpowers are not exactly far-fetched.
The Leonid meteor shower will peak on Friday in the early hours before dawn. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
AFP - Former England international midfielder Keith Weller has died aged 58 after a long battle with cancer.
Freelance photographer Nicolas Reynard died yesterday. The seaplane in which he was traveling crashed in the Negro River near Manaus in northern Brazil.
NewsFactor - Making illegal copies of computer games and desktop applications is one thing, but ripping off enterprise software is entirely another.
AP - In desperate need of frontcourt help, the Charlotte Bobcats activated forward Jamal Sampson on Monday even though he isn't 100 percent healthy.
Security vendors eye a billion-dollar pie as key section of accounting law goes into effect.
Next-generation Internet Protocol inches forward, with signs of growing corporate demand.
The blue-chip Dow average ended slightly higher on Monday and the tech-driven Nasdaq also gained as declining crude-oil prices made equities aside from energy names attractive.
The man leading the fight against drug cheats in sport said on Monday he wanted a further \$1.5 million in funding to help stamp out substance abuse.
French Defense Minister Michele Alliot-Marie warned Monday that without the stabilizing presence of foreign peacekeepers, the Ivory Coast risked erupting into bloodshed akin to 
Macedonia #39;s prime minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over disagreements with ethnic Albanian coalition partners, setting off a government crisis in the Balkan state where ethnic tensions run high.
Dow Jones will buy MarketWatch for about \$519 million, a deal that would end a month-long bidding war for the online financial news and information provider.
With the stock market looking to start a fourth week of gains, another drop in oil prices gave aid to some stocks Monday but pulled the rug out from under others.
President Olusegun Obasanjo yesterday directed that the price of kerosene be slashed immediately. He did not however give a benchmark for the price.
HP knows it can #39;t depend on Microsoft for marketing. This has been particularly clear throughout its relationship with the company.
They fly his banner, wear his face on their T-shirts, and utter solemn prayers with upturned hands at his graveside. But many young 
Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov announced his resignation on Monday after less than six months in office, saying reforms were being neglected.
The vendor adds features to its storage appliance to quickly bring back online storage that had been dedicated to an underused application.
New York Giants quarterback Kurt Warner is sacked by Arizona Cardinals Bertrand berry during the first quarter Sunday, Nov. 14, 2004 at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Ariz.
As the military stabilizes Fallujah, fresh violence erupts in other Sunni-dominated areas of Iraq.
While Arafat was seen as the champion of Palestinian nationalism, he also came to represent corruption.
Iran agreed Sunday to suspend a uranium enrichment program in exchange for trade considerations.
Consumer Electronics Association publishes guidelines for responsible use of cell phone cameras
AFP - Bosnian Serb police detained eight suspects wanted by the UN war crimes court, the first such arrests since the end of the 1992-95 conflict, police and court sources said.
NASCAR chairman Brian France will keep the new points system in place for next year, satisfied that the closest championship race in history is proof that the 10-race playoff structure works better than expected.
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae missed a regulatory deadline Monday for filing its third-quarter financial results after its independent auditor KPMG refused to sign off on the report.
The US Food and Drug Administration on Monday announced an anti-counterfeiting initiative that would provide prescription drugs with an electronic fingerprint by outfitting them with tiny chips and antennas.
Greece admitted yesterday that the budget figures it used to gain entry to the euro three years ago were fudged. The Finance Minister, George Alogoskoufis, said 
The World Trade Organization (WTO) launched negotiations on trade facilitation at a meeting on Monday. WTO members agreed on a work plan and a schedule of meetings on negotiations 
The US Treasury Department on Monday postponed announcing a four-week bill auction to avoid piercing the limit on federal borrowing, and said 
The government ordered Pfizer Inc. to yank cheeky television ads that promised better sex for men taking Viagra because they failed to disclose known risks associated with 
There are several technologies similar to DomainKeys, including Cisco #39;s Identified Internet Mail and Microsofts #39;s SenderID.
Just when their defense was playing at a high level and sparking a three-game winning streak, the Chicago Bears lost star linebacker Brian Urlacher.
Wanted: One Bush supporter--but not for long walks on the beach, candle-lit dinners or spooning on winter mornings. Missing Links
AP - Jamaica's soccer team left the island Monday for Columbus, Ohio, where it will play the United States in a crucial World Cup qualifying match.
Coach Marvin Lewis says one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory over the Redskins, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down.
AP - Sens. Norm Coleman and Elizabeth Dole both claimed Monday they have enough votes from their GOP colleagues to take over leadership of the influential National Republican Senatorial Committee.
The peer-to-peer Internet phone company patches a serious security flaw in its product for Windows PCs.
Alienware hopes to broaden its appeal with the sub-\$600 Bot desktop for home users.
Security software specialist McAfee Inc. has added a new module to its virus scan engine to help businesses combat the growing spyware scourge.
File-swapping company Grokster is teaming up with newcomer Mercora to distribute an advanced streaming radio service to the peer-to-peer crowd.
Intel is capping its processor speeds at 3.8GHz in a move some have interpreted as the final humiliating climbdown of a difficult year.
FORD sold its Jaguar Formula One team on the cheap to ensure that they were guaranteed survival and a multimillion-pound budget that will allow them to flourish.
Malcolm Glazer #39;s intention to make a hostile bid for Manchester United was underlined yesterday as he held talks with Deutsche Bank about financing a deal.
Capping a season filled with suspicion and success, the San Francisco Giants left fielder became the oldest player to become the MVP of a major North American professional league.
Pick just about any other season in their mostly lamentable existence. Without question, the Atlanta Falcons would have fallen apart at a moment like this.
The European Commission says the organizations that collect royalties for songwriters in Europe are restricting competition in the field of music distribution over the Internet.
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae missed a regulatory deadline Monday for filing its third-quarter financial results after its independent auditor KPMG refused to sign off on the report.
Arbitrators ruled Monday against the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos in their case against former controlling owner Jeffrey Loria, clearing Major League Baseball to move the franchise to Washington.
Upcoming "Niagara" will appear in the 1.6GHz UltraSparc IIIi.
The government agency that insures the private pensions of 44.4 million workers said Monday that its deficit more than doubled in 2004 to a record \$23.
Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) appears to have given up on part of a debt exchange that is part of its restructuring plan.
Sun Microsystems Inc., whose servers run corporate networks and websites, will give away its newest operating system to generate more sales from service contracts.
New security, collaboration, and organization features; Microsoft Office 2003 compatibility; Professional version allows Acrobat Reader users to annotate PDF documents.
Acer America Corporation, one of the leading worldwide suppliers of IT solutions, announced the newest addition to the Ferrari line of notebooks, the Ferrari 3400.
So the 600-page Olympic and Paralympics candidate file for London 2012 is now with the International Olympic Committee and Sebastian Coe has told us we must Make Britain Proud and Back the Bid 
Patrick Ramsey will start instead of Mark Brunell at quarterback for the Washington Redskins, a move coach Joe Gibbs hopes will end the team #39;s worst scoring drought in seven decades.
The United Nations (UN) has said on Monday that, as far as it knows, Iran had not diverted any nuclear materials to a weapons programme - a verdict diplomats said undermined the 
To Palestinians, Yasser Arafat was  quot;Mr Palestine quot;, a historical figure who embodied the Palestinian nationalist movement.
A high-speed passenger train has derailed on Australia #39;s tropical north coast, sending carriages and passengers flying through the air and injuring 128 people, five of them seriously.
Budget competition from other consumer electronics devices is among factors lowering sales estimates.
The Microsoft Corporation announced on Monday that it was significantly expanding its software development operations in India as it opened a new campus near Hyderabad 
A blockbuster merger to make Airbus parent EADS an even bigger threat to US archrival Boeing Co. would face opposition both internally 
NEW YORK: American Express Company, the travel and financial services giant, said yesterday it was suing Visa and MasterCard over anti-competitive business practices.
For years, Continental Europeans have chastised the British for what they regard as a lack of European credentials. The British, other Europeans complain, stand outside the 
Suicide bombings yesterday in Baghdad and Mosul killed 14 people and wounded more than 60, many of them policemen, worsening a surge of violence across Iraq.
AP - Stop referring to Eli Manning as the New York Giants' quarterback of the future. The job is his, now and for seemingly years to come.
In doing some reporting for Sun #39;s Solaris 10 announcement Monday, I asked some analysts for their thoughts on Sun #39;s overall Solaris vs.
(Nov. 15) -- Would your car protect your head and neck in case of a crash? The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety tested restraint systems in dozens of cars.
A Harvard researcher says seeing someone in a fearful posture triggers areas of the brain that express emotion and prime the body for action, even without seeing the person #39;s facial expression.
The Acer Ferrari truly lives up to its namesake as being an expensive system, but with that price comes an excellent thin and light notebook with tons of performance.
Oklahoma remained second in the Bowl Championship Series Standings on Monday, holding off Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
A UN Middle East expert Monday asked world leaders to continue Yasser Arafat #39;s efforts to negotiate an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell said there had been some  quot;progress quot; in European efforts to end Iran #39;s alleged nuclear weapons program.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government has no plans to fingerprint landed immigrants from the United States when they visit Canada, says Immigration Minister Judy Sgro.
AP - Liberty took advantage of No. 19 Kansas State without Kendra Wecker, snapping the Wildcat's 35-game regular-season home winning streak.
AP - NASA on Monday delayed a planned flight of an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10, or 7,000 mph.
The Cardinals got touchdowns from five different players - including two from Eric Shelton - in a 55-7 romp over Conference USA rival Tulane.
Portal says DomainKey use will protect users from ID theft and phishing scams.
The brain reacts more powerfully to the body language of a person in a posture denoting fear than it does to a fearful facial expression, according to a study released yesterday.
THE odds on London winning the right to stage the 2012 Olympic Games shortened to 3-1 from 7-2 yesterday as the five rival cities delivered their bid documents to the IOC.
AP - Coach Marvin Lewis said one of his Cincinnati Bengals was spit on during a 17-10 victory in Washington, and he hopes the NFL does something to crack down.
Devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
Norwegian Lasse Kjus returned to the hill where he won a world championship and tore through the second run with the fastest time Saturday to win a his first World Cup giant slalom 
Electronic Data Systems Electronic Data Systems which had delayed its quarterly earnings several times, said on Monday it lost \$153 million in its third quarter after taking a loss on a large Navy contract.
Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins head coach Joe Gibbs said Monday that Patrick Ramsey will start at quarterback this Sunday against the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Big East basketball conference will merge into one 16-team division in 2005-20006, but only 12 schools will participate in the post-season basketball tournament.
AP - President Bush's choice to head the Republican Party said Monday he hopes to extend the GOP's grip on power in Washington.
Marine commanders in Iraq are investigating an incident in which Marines fighting in Fallujah apparently shot and killed a severely wounded and unarmed Iraqi in a mosque in the city.
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit accusing the newspaper tycoon Conrad Black and his former top deputy of defrauding shareholders of Hollinger International Inc.
AP - A founder of a Colombian drug cartel that became the world's chief supplier of cocaine in the 1990s was transported to a Florida jail Saturday after being extradited from Colombia.
NASA mission controllers decided to delay the flight of their supersonic X-43A aircraft until Tuesday after instrument trouble caused them to miss their planned Monday launch.
THE track where a passenger train crashed in south-east Queensland today, injuring more than 100 people, was inspected just hours beforehand, rail authorities said.
French President Jacques Chirac said in a newspaper interview on Tuesday that Britain has gained nothing from its support for the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
Grid architecture aims to protect corporate networks from interior security threats.
PC World - Devices seen as good entry point to consumer electronics market.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened slightly higher Tuesday following Wall Street's modest gains. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
The American dream of Red Bull boss Dietrich Mateschitz has become reality with his purchase of Jaguar. The Austrian billionaire has been involved in Formula One for a decade 
RANGERS striker Nacho Novo will know by Friday whether he can face Celtic in Saturday #39;s vital Scottish Premier League game at Ibrox.
Manchester United have been warned that they are still not safe from the take-over plans of Malcolm Glazer by Keith Harris, the City financier who could yet lead a supporters 
The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Games submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee on Monday.
The advocates and lobbyists on both sides of the great sage grouse controversy in the West were claiming to have science on their side Friday after the Bush administration 
According to a recent report by Gartner, Microsoft has taken the top spot for the first time in handheld shipments. Microsoft #39;s Windows CE has had a long lasting 
The Netherlands beat Germany 2-0 to win the Womens Field Hockey Champions Trophy. The win earned the country some compensation for losing the gold-medal showdown at the Athens Olympics.
Cardinals closer Jason Isringhausen had successful surgery on his left hip Monday and should be fully recovered in time for spring training.
Sourav Ganguly files an appeal against a two-match ban imposed for time-wasting.
US mortgage finance giant Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday estimated its third-quarter profit fell 9 percent, but delayed formally reporting 
With a sudden shudder, the ground collapsed and the pipe pushed upward, buckling into a humped shape as Cornell University scientists produced the first simulated earthquake 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Anaheim Angels exercised catcher Bengie Molina #39;s contract option on Monday, but not that of pitcher Ramon Ortiz.
Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, played down his decades-long relationship with the former Disney president Michael S. Ovitz 
The federal agency that insures pension plans said yesterday that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.
Investigations into the sale of insurance that can smooth out volatile earnings have widened significantly, as Ace Ltd., a big Bermuda insurer with extensive operations in the United 
France and Germany are set for a new clash on industrial policy this week over a possible defence deal which would involve 23,000 jobs in the UK.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Regis Corp. is acquiring Hair Club for Men and Women, the company made famous by commercials with founder Sy Sperling.
US stocks closed near the unchanged mark on Monday as investors took a breath following significant gains in the market so far this month.
Ahmedabad, November 15: Even 35 years after Neil Armstrong first put his foot on the moon, the Earths natural satellite remains a mystery to man.
The Mets surprised no one Monday evening when they announced they had declined the \$10 million option on Al Leiter #39;s contract, leaving the veteran southpaw available 
Macedonian Prime Minister Hari Kostov resigned Monday over a minority party dispute and Parliament is expected to decide on the resignation Thursday.
Th Redskins' defense receives good news on Cornelius Griffin's MRI exam of a hip injury, and the defensive tackle might play Sunday against the Eagles.
Giants Coach Tom Coughlin looks to turn around a skid where his team has lost three of their last four games by starting Eli Manning this Sunday against the Falcons.
Maryland punter Adam Podlesh's success has been one of the few positives in a year marred by an inconsistent offense that ranks 103rd nationally.
AP - Mexico's former ruling party, trying to fight its way back to the presidency, overwhelmingly won two gubernatorial elections Monday and held razor-thin leads in two other races.
Reuters - LeBron James recorded 33 points to\guide the Cleveland Cavaliers to their fourth straight win, a\99-88 victory over the Golden State Warriors Monday.
Roy Disney yesterday told a courtroom that he had sensed Michael Ovitz was not performing well as Walt Disney president within weeks of the Hollywood power broker joining the company in late 1995.
Tokyo #39;s key stock index edged lower Tuesday morning as investors took profits from hefty gains the day before. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
David Beckham revealed yesterday he has been offered film parts, but that the leading role he craves most involves England. Beckham is granted his footballing wish tomorrow when he 
AFP - Britain is to ban smoking in most public places, according to reports ahead of the launch of an ambitious goverment effort to legislate its way to better public health.
HSBC is interested in buying the \$3 billion (1.6 billion pound) store and credit card operations of US retailer Federated Department Stores (FD.
Nasa engineers are making a second bid today to launch an unmanned hypersonic jet designed to reach a record speed of Mach 10, or 7,000mph.
SOFTWARE maker Adobe has upgraded its flagship desktop publishing products, giving powerful new features to not only the authors of electronic documents but also their recipients.
If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it #39;s also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.
This should be a rather pleasant week for Kyle Boller, the oft-criticized Baltimore Ravens quarterback. He will face the usual round of questions about his performance 
AP - Terrell Owens caught his third touchdown pass of the game and the Philadelphia Eagles took a 42-21 lead over the Dallas Cowboys after three quarters Monday night.
Spencer Abraham joined the exodus from President Bush's  Cabinet yesterday, submitting his resignation as energy secretary after four years of running a department that faced a series of high-profile challenges.
Two top CIA officers quit amid reported disputes with the recently-appointed boss of the US spying agency.
More than 150 people are injured when a high-speed train derails in the Australian state of Queensland.
The Wizards can point to their defense as the main reason why they have lost four of their last five games.
American blows a 17-point lead and loses, 82-76, in overtime to Virginia Commonwealth in a Preseason National Invitation Tournament first-round game.
The Big East Conference announces its schedule plans for next season when it expands to 16 teams. The conference will retain a one-division regular season structure.
Much maligned quarterback Kyle Boller should have a pleasent week after playing one of the best games of his career in Sunday's 20-17 overtime win over the Jets.
Microsoft Corp. said Monday that it will continue to expand its software development operations in India as it opened a new campus near Hyderabad.
England captain David Beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and says his aim is to beat the appearance 
Reuters - Wireless services will\lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture\capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets\again, industry leaders said Monday.
By staff writers and wires. THE track where a passenger train was derailed in Queensland today, injuring more than 100 people, was inspected just hours before the crash, it has emerged.
Namibians voted Monday to choose a successor to the only leader they have ever known, and election officials said the first of two days of voting for the president and parliament started smoothly.
Peruvian anti-drug agents seized almost 1,540 pounds of cocaine destined for the Mexico that was hidden inside of a shipment of squid, police said Monday.
Silicon Valley luminaries worry about government's stance on stock options, outsourcing, research and education.
The New Zealand dollar bumped up another notch to three week highs on Tuesday despite the US dollar #39;s gains, the local currency hitching a ride with the stronger Australian dollar.
England captain David Beckham hopes to reach 100 caps for his country and play on beyond the World Cup in Germany in 2006. The Real Madrid star was reported to be considering retirement after that tournament 
Kurt Warner, sacked 24 times in the past four Sundays, never sensed his demotion coming, either. Giants Coach Tom Coughlin called Warner into his office shortly 
AP - Japan on Tuesday warned it would consider sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
Keeping up with newly issued patents for search-related technology can help you spot emerging trends and potentially new competitors to the existing major web search players.
It #39;s buying biz news site MarketWatch, betting big on online content. But will its free offerings hurt its fee-based products?
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed a civil lawsuit alleging that media baron Conrad M. Black fraudulently diverted millions of dollars from Hollinger International Inc.
With its \$23 billion shortfall double any previous deficit, the government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. needs fixing -- fast.
Sun Microsystems CEO Scott McNealy celebrated his 50th birthday on Nov. 13 -- and two days later his company hit another milestone.
In its most positive assessment of Iran in two years, the International Atomic Energy Agency reported yesterday that it had found no evidence the nation had a nuclear weapons program and that 
Five firefighters are injured dealing with an incident on a London-to-Boston BA flight at a US airport.
Maria Sharapova beats Serena Williams 4-6 6-2 6-4 in the Tour Championships final.
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Google extended gains from last week, even though the company #39;s float is set to more than double Tuesday.
The Internal Revenue Service is looking for 1,096 Alabama taxpayers, including dozens from the Decatur area, whose income-tax refund checks could not be delivered.
The top Maoist rebel leader in Nepal  renews a call for international mediation to resume peace talks with the government
DAVID COULTHARD is set to join a short list to drive for the new Red Bull team. The Scot is looking for a drive after McLaren axed him.
ST. AUGUSTINE - The humbling, career-defining moment Charlie Sifford never truly believed could ever be his had arrived. Doors were being held open.
France says the medical files of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat can be released upon demand to eligible parties, such as his family.
NASA will make a second attempt today to set an aviation speed record after an instrumentation problem forced the agency to scrap a planned flight test Monday.
Illegal lenders are siphoning money from state-owned banks, but they may do more good than harm\
The No. 10 Hokies completed their inaugural season in the Atlantic Coast Conference with the league's outright championship.
Reuters - IBM and top scientific research\organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to\tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve\complex social problems.
Markel Corp. said yesterday that state insurance departments had issued document requests or administrative subpoenas to several of its subsidiaries related to producer compensation arrangements.
The Sooners held on to second place in the Bowl Championship Series standings yesterday, staying ahead of third-place Auburn because of a stronger computer ranking.
The Balkan republic of Macedonia lurched into fresh crisis yesterday when the Prime Minister resigned, blaming ethnic Albanians in his coalition government for hijacking the country #39;s political agenda.
Japan on Tuesday warned it might impose sanctions against North Korea after accusing the communist country of failing to properly investigate the fates of Japanese citizens it kidnapped years ago.
European finance chiefs take the US to task for allowing the dollar to slide, saying it puts Europe's economy at risk.
Striking doctors in the northern Indian state of Bihar are due to hold a rally in protest at the killing of a colleague.
European Space Agency's Smart 1 probe is set to enter into orbit around the Moon on Monday.
AFP - Outgoing US Secretary of State Colin Powell had been a great friend to Australia who helped fight terrorism in Asia, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Reuters - China plans to launch more than 100\satellites before 2020 to watch every corner of the country,\state-run China Central Television quoted a government official\as saying Tuesday.
AP - Senate Democrats are changing management, their ranks reduced to a 74-year low and their longtime leader defeated for re-election back home.
MarketWatch Inc., one of San Francisco #39;s surviving Internet companies, hit a notable online payday Monday, as venerable Dow Jones  amp; Co.
Crude oil prices continued down their slippery slope yesterday, hitting a two-month low after Iran #39;s government took steps to dampen political tensions with the United States.
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer may tell a US Senate subcommittee today that federal oversight of the insurance industry is inevitable after his allegations of price manipulation and kickbacks.
NASA has delayed the third and final test flight of an unmanned, hypersonic aircraft attempting to fly at 10 times the speed of sound.
So much for making a fresh start in the second half of the season. Instead of new beginnings, the Cowboys battled the same old problems, this time getting slapped around by the Philadelphia 
Charlie Sifford was still six years away from playing in his first PGA tournament in the United States, but they let him compete in Canada in 1955.
Even with signs pointing toward the Carl Pavano sweepstakes coming down to a bidding war between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees, the Phillies have jumped into the mix.
After nearly two years of investigation, the United Nations #39; nuclear watchdog said yesterday that it has not uncovered proof that Iran has 
The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so. 
It cost Sun Microsystems \$5 billion to develop Solaris, a powerful computer operating system used by governments and giant corporations worldwide.
David Beckham insists he is ready to play a full 90 minutes for England in the friendly against Spain if Sven-Goran Eriksson asks him to defy his club Real Madrid.
The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so.
The New York State Athletic Commission wasted no time taking action against Norman Stone, the bombastic manager of World Boxing Association heavyweight 
Throughout last week, the name of Yasser Arafat dominated the news of the world. Arafat was the 75-year-old Palestinian leader who had ruled 40 years.
Australian media tycoon and dedicated gambler Kerry Packer is investing \$163m in a gambling joint venture in Macau.
Interest rates on short-term Treasury bills rose in yesterday's auction to the highest levels in more than three years.
FALLUJAH, Iraq -- They carried surface-to-air missiles and armor-piercing bullets, but they wore plastic thong sandals and often died barefoot.
A 40-year-old left fielder for the San Francisco Giants, Barry Bonds won the National League M.V.P. for the seventh time over all.
New York, Paris, London, Madrid and Moscow submitted their final bids to be host of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia has formally requested that France publish the medical records of Yasser Arafat following his death last week, Quriea said Tuesday.
Red Bull Racing team boss Tony Purnell is refusing to speculate about their 2005 drivers, although it looks as if Christian Klien will be one of them.
In Nebraska, a scientist adds the vectors and delta-V's of Newtonian physics to the usual X's and O's of football.
While "passive-aggressive" has become an all-purpose label for almost any difficult character, it is a controversial concept in psychiatry.
Finding the wreck of a 19th-century steamer in Florida has taken special technology and the results have been extraordinary.
No one knows for sure exactly what causes muscle soreness, but many scientists think that the delayed pain is caused by microscopic tears in the muscles.
For doctors, searching out disease before it appears can also carry risks.
Some outside scientists wondered whether a Department of Veterans Affairs panel was stretching thin data to tell veterans what they wanted to hear in the committee's recent report.
Microsoft is significantly expanding its software development operations in India as it opens a new campus near Hyderabad, its second-largest campus after its headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
The World Community Grid will be introduced by I.B.M. to utilize the untapped computing power from personal computers to help unlock the genetic mysteries of diseases.
A flight attendant got fired by Delta for posing in a provocative manner in her uniform on her blog, even though it didnt identify the airline.
John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.
American Airlines is offering passengers a dozen on-demand movies, on-demand audio channels, video games, audio books, and newspapers.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed filed civil fraud charges against both Lord Conrad Black and his former deputy at Hollinger International, David Radler.
The Food and Drug Administration announced an initiative to prevent theft and counterfeiting of prescription drugs through the use of radio frequency identification (RFID) technology.
but winds up costing consumers tens of millions of dollars a year -- is being scaled back by two of the nation #39;s biggest cell phone carriers.
Auto supplier #39;s shares rise after it says it will sell more companies that aren #39;t market leaders. By Jeff Green and Jeff Bennett / Bloomberg News.
Putnam Investments said Monday it will cut about 100 jobs, an announcement that came a week after parent company Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
NASA delayed a test of its X-43 unmanned aircraft after its preflight checkout took longer than expected and pushed the takeoff bck until too late in the day.
Inside a University of Colorado lab, simulated earthquakes rattle steel beams. Frequently, the beams shatter, mortar walls crumble and welds break.
The five cities looking to host the 2012 Summer Olympics submitted bids to the International Olympic Committee, with Paris the front-runner to win next year #39;s vote.
The Auburn football team crept closer to Oklahoma for the coveted second spot in the latest Bowl Championship Series rankings, which were released on Monday.
The long trip began on a wide street last night. This was Jump Street. This was the origin of a journey the Wake Forest basketball team considers significant and potentially unforgettable.
A spokesperson for the French Defence Ministry has said the medical records of the late Yasser Arafat can be released to certain parties, such as his family.
Lionel LLC, a maker of model trains for more than 100 years, has filed for bankruptcy protection after a US jury found the company used designs for toy locomotives stolen from a rival.
Harmony has accused Gold Fields of attempting to bribe an employee to  quot;spy quot; and provide information on Harmony #39;s take-over bid.
Valve #39;s long-awaited shooter sequel available for paid download through Steam service; retail purchasers #39; copies authenticating online.
The UN Security Council has voted to impose a 13-month arms embargo on the Ivory Coast. Battles between government and rebel forces in the troubled African nation prompted the intervention 
Israel reversed course yesterday and said it might coordinate next year #39;s Gaza Strip pullout with the Palestinian Authority if the Palestinians crack down on militants, a sign that 
The first international war crimes trial of Kosovo Albanians began yesterday, with three former rebels accused of abducting and killing suspected 
Malcolm Glazer is preparing a new bid to buy Manchester United, according to reports.
Wireless services will lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets again, industry leaders said Monday.
A timber-industry group that sued for a review of the threatened-species status of the northern spotted owl said yesterday it does not expect the bird to lose federal 
Third-ranked Auburn became a media darling Monday, but despite picking up ground in the Bowl Championship Series rankings, No. 2 Oklahoma remains in a better position to make the Orange Bowl.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission accused Black and Radler of milking the US-based media group of at least \$85m in a complaint filed in US district court in Illinois.
Auto regulators from the USA and other nations will meet Thursday in Geneva to sign off on the first-ever global safety standard for vehicles.
The Washington women #39;s basketball team played a thriller at Hec Edmundson Pavilion last night, coming from behind to defeat Minnesota in overtime 72-67.
Patch management is a particularly expensive burden for Microsoft Windows-based systems. While solution providers have profited from the services associated with installing patches, many businesses are starting 
AFP - British mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
A Paris court is set to deliver its verdict on Congolese pop star Papa Wemba, accused of people-smuggling.
\Australian PM John Howard will focus on beating terrorism and economic reforms, as he begins his fourth term.
The federal agency that insures pension plans said that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.3 billion.
Most economists agree that the dollar will continue its post-election decline, but there are at least three schools of thought on the nations huge foreign indebtedness.
Ace Ltd., a big Bermuda insurer, is being investigated for its role in selling insurance that can smooth out volatile earnings.
Peter Boneparth, the chief of Jones Apparel, agreed to buy Barneys for \$400 million. Analysts have questions about the deal.
Administration officials said President Bush might name Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state as early as Tuesday.
Federal drug regulators strengthened the warning label on the pill, RU-486, after the death of a woman who took the pill.
The head of the C.I.A.'s clandestine service and his deputy resigned their posts after clashes with advisers to Porter J. Goss.
A Falls Church man who worked as a federal informant set himself on fire hours after announcing his suicide attempt and citing his growing despondency over how the FBI managed his case.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; That antitrust filing in full - with added chocolate
The families of Japanese kidnapped decades ago by North Korean agents lashed out at the secretive communist state on Monday, saying it had lied about the fate of their loved ones.
A survey shows that more workers are relying on technology to do their job while on the move.
The US Securities and Exchange Commission has accused Conrad Black and his Vancouver partner, David Radler, of defrauding Hollinger International Inc.
GORDON Brown will today challenge France and Germany to end the market-rigging which prevents British businesses from winning lucrative European Union contracts.
Straining under the looming pension crisis in the airline industry, the federal pension benefits insurer yesterday reported that its deficit more than doubled from a year earlier.
In the most dramatic development yet in Harmony #39;s all-out fight for Gold Fields, Harmony yesterday accused Gold Fields of having tried to buy bid secrets from a Harmony employee 
Dell has belatedly joined its competitors in offering own-design blade servers with the launch in Paris on Monday afternoon of the PowerEdge 1855.
When an analyst or play-by-play man does not take a stand against bad behavior by an athlete, coach or manager, he is endorsing it.
Separatist guerrillas killed sixpeople, including two counter insurgents, in India-administered Kashmir even as security forces were put on high alert on the eve of Indian 
Reuters - India could use its record-high foreign exchange reserves to fund infrastructure even if it breached fiscal targets set out by law, a senior government official said on Tuesday.
AP - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, President Bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives: helping overseas AIDS victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.
Standalone part - or a dualie with one dud core?
Mobile phone giant Vodafone  doubles its dividend to shareholders after the "successful" launch of its 3G services.
Microsoft's chief software architect is expected to detail the company's long-term plan for trimming systems administration costs.
Japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on Tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing.
AFP - US Treasury Secretary John Snow said that Washington was committed to reducing its budget deficit, which he acknowledged was  quot;too large quot;.
Barry Bonds won his record seventh Most Valuable Player award Monday, putting him back in another batter #39;s box, where the national media peppered him with 
Kenneth Massey is a numbers cruncher with some potentially good news for Auburn football fans. Don #39;t read too much into Auburn #39;s No.
The flood of trade rumors involving the Cubs and New York Mets has traveled all the way to Paris, where Sammy Sosa took a break from vacation to phone his agent.
France have kept the side which beat Australia last weekend for their game against Argentina next Saturday.  quot;We decided not to change an iota from a team which gave us complete 
A Taliban splinter faction that has threatened to kill three foreign UN workers abducted in Afghanistan nearly three weeks ago appeared to narrow its demands for their release Tuesday.
The chief of the Indian Army says it will start to reduce the number of troops in Kashmir in line with an announcement last week by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
AP - John Kerry is giving  #36;250,000 to support Democrats in disputed elections in Washington state and Louisiana and forming a new fund that could help his future political ambitions.
A 2p increase in the average cost of petrol, as a result of surging crude oil prices, helped push UK inflation higher in October.
Council tax for second homeowners in England should be doubled to alleviate rural homelessness, says housing charity Shelter.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Fiddling the price to get you to pay for the pass laws
Media group Emap reports a modest rise in interim profits and says it has stemmed falling sales at its French TV listings magazines.
Spanish police detain at least 15 suspected members of the armed Basque separatist group Eta.
AP - President Bush played down on Saturday a stark warning from his resigning health chief that the nation's food supply is largely unprotected from terror attack.
The Post Office couldn #39;t deliver more than 2,700 federal income-tax refund checks to Illinoisians because of incorrect or insufficient addresses.
France has completed the evacuation of 5 000 Westerners and others from violence-torn Ivory Coast as Africans - with no hope of such rescue - have fled into neighbouring countries.
Gordon Brown has called for urgent economic reform in Europe after a Treasury report exposed other Union members to be blocking Britain from the 1.
Japan #39;s government has downgraded its view on the economy in a November report, saying the pace of recovery is slowing. This is the first such downward revision since June 2003.
The Bush administration had an uneasy relationship with scientists during the first term. Will the president build bridges in the second or burn them completely? A Wired News special report.
Fundamentalist Hindu organizations are raising and spending big money to study the 'miraculous' properties of cows and their excreta. Manu Joseph reports from Mumbai, India.
Applications for asylum in the UK rose by 9 in the last three months, according to official figures.
A UK internet service provider is offering broadband that is sixteen times faster than average packages.
As New York celebrates the subway's centennial, graffiti has not only been erased from cars, it has also been buffed from the official record.
After an outspoken filmmaker is murdered on an Amsterdam street and a Muslim arrested for his killing, the Dutch question their liberal tradition
The worlds dominant chewing-gum maker is looking to extend its marketing might to candy. Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. said Monday that it has agreed to buy the 
Analysis If the antitrust lawsuit that Novell filed against Microsoft comes to court, it will reopen long-forgotten battles over technologies that most of us will even have trouble remembering.
Internet provider EarthLink and Yahoo! have teamed up to fight spam by incorporating DomainKeys, a technology developed by Yahoo! that filters fake addresses used by spammers.
PARIS, France -- Europe #39;s first mission to the moon has successfully entered lunar orbit, a key milestone in its 13-month trip into space.
By Barry Bonds #39; own humble assessment, this year #39;s Most Valuable Player vote in the National League could have gone any way, could have gone three ways.
After watching his offense struggle the last two weeks, Giants coach Tom Coughlin announced Monday he was benching Kurt Warner in favor of rookie Eli Manning.
by our Internet desk, 16 November 2004. The United Nations is coming under increased pressure to impose sanctions on Sudan #39;s government for its activities in the Darfur region.
When Yasser Arafat died last week of an undisclosed illness, he left his Palestinian supporters bereft of their greatest modern ally.
President Vladimir Putin on Monday said Russia is willing to hand over two of the four disputed Kuril Islands to Japan under a declaration that the Soviet Union signed in 1956.
Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro discusses the Firefox Web browser and answers personal technology questions from readers.
Josh Caldwell finishes a three-month cross-country trek on a Segway when he rolls into Boston on Tuesday.
Josh Caldwell, co-founder of the "America at 10mph" project, scoots across the United States.
AFP - More than 10,000 Ivorians have fled to Liberia since the sharp escalation in Ivory Coast's civil war 10 days ago, the UN refugee agency warned.
There will be plenty of discussion on Wall Street about December and shopping this week as top retailers report their earnings. The third quarter was rough for retailers, with 
IRVING, Texas  Greg Ellis stood eyeball to eyeball with Donovan McNabb, frozen in place, unable to do what he had always been trained to do.
A series of gelatin wrestling tournaments set for the clubhouse of a local restaurant and brewery have been canceled after a promotion linking the event to a foundation created in memory 
Negotiations over three kidnapped UN workers in Afghanistan have hit a snag over ransom demands, officials said Tuesday, as Taliban-linked militants said they were 
World leaders lavished praise on Colin Powell as he stepped down as US secretary of state, hailing his efforts to build international consensus and pledging to work closely with his replacement.
Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. ,  the\world's biggest retailer, on Tuesday raised its profit forecast\for the full year.
Microsoft's  founder is expected to detail the company's plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
Police arrested 17 suspected members of Basque separatist guerrilla group ETA in northern Spain on Tuesday, the Interior Ministry says.
More than 10,000 Ivorians flee into Liberia as an immediate arms embargo is imposed on Ivory Coast.
A review of electronic tagging argues the system may be undermining public confidence in the criminal justice system.
ONE of Scotlands most senior police officers has backed calls for householders to have the legal right to kill or injure intruders in order to defend their homes and families.
Propelled by sharply higher energy and food costs, wholesale prices soared up by 1.7 percent in October, the largest increase since early 1990.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Are you all feeling OK?
NASA #39;s attempt to break world speed records with its X-43A scramjet test plane was postponed on Monday due to concerns over faulty instrumentation.
Dell and Microsoft are working together to integrate their systems management applications to allow customers to update server hardware and software with a single tool.
BEA Systems has added the Jonas and Geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the Project Beehive open-source development initiative.
England skipper David Beckham believes people have every right to get carried away with Wayne Rooneys amazing emergence on the domestic and international scene.
Fed Cup holders France will be without world number two Amelie Mauresmo for this month #39;s finals in Moscow, shortening the odds on a first title for Russia.
The Philadelphia Eagles ensured that their National Football League (NFL) losing streak was contained to a single game and inflicted the worst home loss ever suffered by a Dallas Cowboys team in the process.
South Africa narrowly escaped defeat in their three-day tour match against an Indian Board President #39;s XI on Tuesday. The visitors, having conceded a 135-run first-innings 
The British government said Tuesday it would seek a ban on smoking in most public places, including restaurants and any pub or bar that serves food.
AP - Jewelry retailer Zale Corp. said its loss widened to  #36;10.9 million in its third quarter despite a slight rise in revenue.
Britain and other European Union paymasters have renewed their opposition to EU Commission plans to increase the block #39;s spending in 2007-2013, Chancellor Gordon Brown says.
First round of comments from friends of the court
LAUSANNE, Switzerland - The International Olympic Committee said Monday it has received bids from London, Madrid, Moscow, New York and Paris to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
The No. 1 pick in the NFL was given the starting job Monday after coach Tom Coughlin benched two-time MVP Kurt Warner following losses in three of the last four games.
Police swooped in northern Spain inthe early hours of Tuesday to net 17 suspected members of the Basque separatist guerrilla group ETA, the Spanish Interior Ministry announced Tuesday.
AP - Tiger Woods wants out of the tabloids like he wants out of a sand trap.
American Bob Estes is confident he can win the Australian PGA championship going into today #39;s final round at Coolum on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
Singapore and Sri Lanka concluded an  quot;open skies quot; agreement Tuesday allowing airlines to increase flights between the two nations.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates on Tuesday is expected to detail the company #39;s plan for computer management software and announce a long-awaited Windows update tool.
The San Francisco Giants outfielder is the 2004 Most Valuable Player in the National League, an award he has now won four years in a row and seven times overall.
Australia: Australia #39;s taunting of key Kiwi cricketers was just one big yawn, New Zealand all-rounder Scott Styris said on Tuesday.
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; 12 great guides, 12 great prices
MOBILE phone giant Vodafone today rewarded its shareholders with a 100 per cent dividend increase on the back of half-year profits equivalent to more than 340 per second.
The Internal Revenue Service is trying to make sure Pamela Bracey of Ocala receives her income tax refund check. She is one of about 80 other Marion County residents whose checks 
Yahoo! Inc is deploying the DomainKeys email signing technology worldwide, and has announced tentative support from rival ISP EarthLink Inc.
Microsoft last week announced antitrust settlements with Novell and the Computer and Communications Industry Association (CCIA), ending years of legal wrangling.
The International Cricket Council on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of New Zealand barrister Tim Castle as the Appeals Commissioner to hear India captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s case.
Bolton striker El-Hadji Diouf is under police investigation for spitting at a child fan. Cleveland police said they were investigating an incident towards the end of Bolton #39;s 
Kostov said today he is stepping down because of disagreements with one of the ruling coalition #39;s ethnic Albanian partners, the Albanian Union for Integration.
AFP - The government unveiled tough anti-smoking proposals which would ban tobacco in all workplaces and restaurants, as well as in many pubs and bars, over the next few years.
Crude oil futures markets reflected some caution Tuesday about tight distillate supplies, despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third-quarter earnings, meeting Wall Street expectations.
Microsoft announced on Tuesday a program that will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from Novell #39;s NetWare operating system onto servers running Windows.
Police are investigating claims that the striker El-Hadji Diouf spat at an 11-year-old Middlesbrough fan during Bolton #39;s 1-1 draw at the Riverside.
AUSTRALIA #39;s Olympic sports have begun to prepare for the Asian onslaught they expect when Beijing hosts the next Games in 2008.
After the death last week of Palestine Liberation Organisation Chairman Yasir Arafat, Israel has indicated that it is yet to decide whether or not to allow Palestinians unfettered elections.
An audio message purportedly from Jordanian-born Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi urges Iraqi insurgents to step up attacks on US troops.
A DOZEN former government officials and police officers have gone on trial for tapping phones so late president Francois Mitterrand could keep tabs on personal enemies.
AFP - The US Supreme Court stopped an execution because a Texas jury had not taken into account a convicted murderer's low intelligence, as well his age at the time of the killing.
Firm will pay some transition costs for companies that want to move from the NetWare OS onto servers running Windows.
Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 rise in third-quarter earnings Tuesday, meeting Wall Street expectations.
AP - Trying to retain Microsoft's dominance in the Indian software market amid increasing competition, company CEO Steve Ballmer brought his campaign Tuesday to the country's leadership.
South Africa salvaged a draw in their tour opener against the Indian Board President #39;s XI despite an embarrassing batting collapse on Tuesday that highlighted their potential flaws against spin bowling.
The Irish team to play the USA Eagles shows eleven changes, two positional, from the side that defeated South Africa 17 - 12 on Saturday.
CHINA has admitted a  quot;regrettable quot; intrusion by one of its nuclear-powered submarines into Japanese territorial waters last week.
Reuters - The first European spacecraft sent to the\moon has entered lunar orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA)\said on Tuesday.
Fans who grew up listening to Americanized versions of Beatles' albums will find guilty pleasure in "The Capitol Albums, Vol. 1."
Tech security companies eye a billion-dollar pie as key section of accounting law goes into effect.
\India says it is to begin a pull-out of some of its troops based in the disputed state of Kashmir on  Wednesday.
NEW YORK - For younger workers not near or at retirement, the woes of the US Social Security system tend to have a distant, if not surreal quality.
Microsoft Tuesday released a handful of software products that are key elements in its drive to develop a comprehensive management platform for Windows.
The brain #39;s response to another person #39;s body language may help explain why humans are quite efficient at fleeing from danger, according to researchers.
As reported by The Associated Press, Marvel Enterprises Inc. and Marvel Characters, Inc. have sued NCsoft Corporation and Cryptic Studios.
AUSTRALIA #39;S next Olympic effort will be based on a policy of sleeping with the enemy -- or should that be our new best friend?
Human Rights Watch has called on the United Nations Security Council to take substantive action against what it claims are ongoing rights violations in the western Sudanese region of Darfur.
That's not all. Microsoft also has new tools geared to help cut costs of managing corporate data.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says existing business tax probes should not be seen a threat to other companies.
AFP - A teenage youth was due in the dock for the first trial of a suspect implicated in the Madrid train bombings, which killed 191 people in Spain's worst terrorist attack.
AP - The interim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has asked Palestinian militants to halt violence during the campaign for Jan. 9 presidential elections, a participant in truce talks said Tuesday.
Ziff Davis - Microsoft is out to capture NetWare customers before they have a chance to migrate to Linux.
New candidates for the reshuffled European Commission win support from MEPs at nomination hearings.
European finance ministers have urged the US to revive the dollar, which stands near record lows against the euro, or wreak further damage on eurozone growth prospects.
Stocks rallied again last week, lifted by declining oil prices, strong earnings reports and favorable comments on the economy from the Federal Reserve.
AFP - Mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
AFP - British mobile telephone giant Vodafone reported a two percent fall in half-year underlying profits as the group added 7.4 million new customers.
Dell is back in the blade server ring with the introduction of its PowerEdge 1855 blade servers. The company is hoping to prove to customers that its new blades have significant cost savings and performance 
Reuters - Iran admitted on Tuesday that poor\enforcement of building regulations had added to the death toll\from the country's regular devastating earthquakes.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, reported a 12.7 percent rise in its third-quarter earnings, meeting Wall Street expectations.
Prices paid to US producers rose 1.7 percent last month, the biggest jump in 14 years, as higher energy and food costs suggested that inflation is picking up with economic demand.
Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael Eisner acknowledged Monday that he and former company President Michael Ovitz were good friends.
NASA #39;s third X-43A hypersonic research mission has been scrubbed for today due to technical glitches with X-43A instrumentation.
Barry Bonds won his record seventh National League MVP award Monday in a walk, easily outdistancing Los Angeles slugger Adrian Beltre and the St.
(Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets lost their third straight game, as they were defeated by the Houston Rockets, 80-69, on Monday at Continental Airlines Arena.
Facing strong protests, China broke a week-long silence Tuesday and offered Japan its first explanation about a Chinese submarine that Tokyo said intruded into Japanese territorial 
Tackles Plymouth-Banjul rally in 20 Citroen
President Bush is expected to nominate Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state today at 12:30 p.m. ET.
The double-layer DVD drive is designed to record up to four hours of MPEG-2 video or up to 8.5GB of music and images.
England prop Julian White expects South Africa to be all the more determined come Saturday #39;s Test match at Twickenham following their Grand Slam-ending defeat against Ireland last weekend.
It may be time to retire the National League Most Valuable Player Award, or at least put it in hibernation until Barry Bonds retires.
So it should not surprise anyone he considers the manager who introduced him to the international squad to be anything other than a decent fellow.
US military officials in Iraq say American and Iraqi forces have launched operations against insurgents in the northern city of Mosul.
New component could allow players small enough to fit in notebook PCs.
Shipments of devices running the Palm OS have declined sharply, researcher says.
AP - A Scottish man convicted of murdering his best friend, whose blood he said he drank in an effort to gain immortality, was found dead Tuesday in his prison, officials said.
PC World - Microsoft exec announces new tool designed to make patching simpler.
SPACE.com - A trio of new observations suggests several tiny, unseen moons orbit Saturn and control the shape of its rings.
SPACE.com - UPDATE: Story first posted 6:49 a.m. ET, November 16, \2004
Medical device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said Tuesday that it made an equity investment in Reva Medical Inc. and secured an exclusive option to purchase the privately held San Diego firm, which is developing 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said the country #39;s existing business inquiries and tax probes should not be seen as a threat to other companies.
Charlton #39;s record of 49 goals for his country still remains intact despite playing his last international for England 34 years ago.
England coach Andy Robinson says he is expecting a huge physical test on Saturday when a wounded Springbok team run out at Twickenham.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has taken his share of criticism over the years, from the New York media, fans and even players.
Scotland caretaker manager Tommy Burns says he has not held any discussions about the possibility of taking on the job permanently.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former undisputed heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield has been banned from fighting by the New York State Athletic Commission, according to published reports.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Former undisputed heavyweight  champion Evander Holyfield has been banned from fighting by the  New York State Athletic Commission, according to published  reports.
AP - Ashley Earley and Carla Thomas combined for 46 points to lead No. 13 Vanderbilt over Miami of Ohio 93-50 on Saturday.
The world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, reports rising profits and says it is optimistic it will see strong sales over the festive season.
Soaring energy costs and a surge in food prices contributed to a 1.7 percent rise in U.S. producer prices, the biggest gain in almost 15 years.
The family of the aid worker, Margaret Hassan, who was kidnapped in Iraq four weeks ago, say they fear she may be dead.
Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday on growing expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted and after union leaders cancelled a strike in major exporter Nigeria.
UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown sought to counter calls from Germany and the Netherlands to cut Britain #39;s annual rebate from the European Union budget, saying current proposals 
Sarbanes-Oxley is a powerful tool for the SEC. It could also be very helpful for corporate raiders.
Rumor says e-commerce provider may soon allow game downloads to iPod.
\Taleban guerrillas say they carried out an attack in central Afghanistan that left four policemen dead.
NEW YORK (Ticker) - Evander Holyfield wanted to retire back on top. The New York State Athletic Commission apparently had other ideas.
US troops and Iraqi government forces stormed the rebel pockets in the northern city of Mosul on Tuesday to retake police stations and restore order there, the US military and witnesses said.
The Palestinian Authority is looking forward to the implementation of a two-state solution from Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s successor, a PA official said on Tuesday 
Well-informed Sudanese sources in Cairo said Tuesday that an upcoming meeting of the UN Security Council on the Darfur issue to be held in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on Nov.
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada vowed to strive for good working relationships with President Bush and Republican lawmakers.
At the same time as many fast-food chains cater to the health-conscious, Hardee #39;s is introducing the biggest and thickest of its Thickburgers.
President Bush intends to keep Democrat Jonathan Adelstein on the Federal Communications Commission, the White House announced Tuesday.
Motorola Inc. said Tuesday it has signed an agreement to acquire MeshNetworks Inc., a privately held developer of wireless networks.
IBM launched a broad-based drive Tuesday to use the world #39;s untapped computer and Internet capacity to help cure AIDS and meet other healthcare challenges.
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's Nina Kraft has been stripped  of her Hawaii Ironman title after admitting taking the banned  blood-boosting substance EPO.
Crude oil futures moved upward past US\$47 Tuesday, reflecting concern about tight distillate supplies despite expectations that a winter supply crisis will be averted.
Motorola said Tuesday that it will acquire MeshNetworks, a developer of 802.11 mesh networks designed to cover areas as large as entire cities.
Decision by Private Capital Management, one of PeopleSoft's largest institutional investors, hurts Oracle's takeover bid.
Microsoft and Dell are pairing to develop free software for Dell server customers that will integrate Microsoft Systems Management Server 2003 with Dell #39;s OpenManage 4 Change Management tool.
The first European spacecraft sent to the moon has entered lunar orbit, the European Space Agency (ESA) said on November 16, 2004.
WASHINGTON - Three large drug manufacturers in the United States say they plan to add radio transmitter tags to bottles of pills to prevent counterfeiting and theft.
South Korean mobile handset maker LG Electronics has unveiled the worlds first terrestrial digital multimedia broadcast-receiving mobile phone.
Deutsche Bank AG said it #39;s not in talks with US billionaire Malcolm Glazer about financing a possible bid for Manchester United Plc, denying a newspaper report earlier today.
Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool skipper Steven Gerrard is expected to return from a two-month absence Saturday at Middlesbrough.
AFP - British-Irish aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped by militants in Iraq last month, has most probably been killed by her captors, her family said in a statement.
AP - Memphis Grizzlies point guard Jason Williams did not play against the Orlando Magic on Saturday night because of a sore right foot.
Advanced Digital Information (ADIC) has announced a mid-level storage system that combines disk and tape in a single appliance, the Pathlight VX 2.0.
There is an air of optimism about the Kashmir talks to be held during Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz #39;s forthcoming visit to Delhi.
Biometric and smart-card technology will replace passwords to verify ID, Microsoft head Bill Gates says. Again.
The family of Margaret Hassan, the 59-year-old aid worker kidnapped in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead.
Queen Sirikit makes a rare public declaration calling for an end to the religious unrest in Thailand's south.
Now the credit-card companies are trying to tack on billions in charges to each other. American Express Co. wants rivals Visa USA Inc.
Wholesale prices, pushed by sharply higher energy and food costs, soared by 1.7 percent in October, the largest increase since early 1990.
PITTSBURGH The board of directors of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union today unanimously approved a resolution authorizing a nationwide strike.
A host of new products are designed to work and compete with leading enterprise management products, the company says. By Darrell Dunn.
Will new cafes come to the rescue of the restaurant chain? Stay tuned to find out.
The advisory board for the World Community Grid comprises health science, technology and philanthropy experts from such organizations at the National Institute of Health, the US Environmental 
GMail changed many things for me. I started using webmail again. Redirected most of my pop mail ids to GMail for easy accessibility from any computer.
Things aren #39;t supposed to be this easy in the NFL. Not for the Pittsburgh Steelers, not for anyone. Every game is supposed to be a brutal battle to the end 
Spain coach Luis Aragones has defended himself against accusations of racism in the wake of his remarks about French striker Thierry Henry, saying his conscience is completely clear.
Travellers carrying more than 10,000 euros will have to declare the cash when entering or leaving the EU, finance ministers decide.
AP - Evander Holyfield was suspended indefinitely by New York boxing officials in the wake of his loss Saturday night to journeyman Larry Donald.
AP - Right-hander Cory Lidle returned to the Philadelphia Phillies, agreeing Tuesday to a  #36;6.3 million, two-year contract.
AP - Highlights of President Bush's second-term education proposals:
Yes Virginia, there is money to be made in web publishing, especially stock market and trading news! The news will invigorate bloggers and news publishers everywhere.
Electronic Data Systems Corp., which has delayed its quarterly earnings three times, reported larger third-quarter losses after taking a \$375 million charge on its beleaguered Navy contract.
The kidnappers of British aid worker Margaret Hassan have released a video tape that appears to show her murder a month after she was seized in Baghdad, her husband and British officials said today.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; The two year question
Hollywood film studios filed suit against online video file swappers in federal courts across the United States on Tuesday, making good on a promise to punish computer users they claim are violating copyright laws.
Seventeen suspected members of the Basque separatist group ETA were arrested throughout Spain in pre-dawn raids Tuesday, the EFE agency reported.
PBS's Charlie Rose quizzes Sun co-founder Bill Joy,  Monster.com chief Jeff Taylor, and venture capitalist John Doerr.
In Denmark, Gates outlines effort to trim data managment costs, new Windows update service. Also: Angling for Novell users.
Playlist reviews a multitude of choices in different categories to help you get the most out of your iPod.
New component contains the blue and red lasers required for support of the two disc formats as well as the associated lenses and optical receivers. Commercial production possible by end of next year.
Company will ship \$4,900 camcorder and \$3,700 digital recorder in February.
An accounting problem with SunTrust Banks' loan loss reserves could prevent the bank from completing its Sarbanes-Oxley Act reporting requirements by a Dec. 31 deadline.
In the U.S., Microsoft will offer training vouchers, migration products and online tech support to NetWare users considering a switch.
Apple Computer has released AirPort 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under Mac OS X v10.3.
Reviewer examines three categories of portable audio players, and adds video to the mix.
AP - Philadelphia Eagles punt returner/running back Reno Mahe will miss Sunday's game against Washington because of a high ankle sprain.
NewsFactor - Security software firm McAfee has unveiled a new module for its virus-scan engine that is designed to help businesses fight spyware.
NewsFactor - Sony (NYSE: SNE) has announced plans to release a double-layer DVD burner that is compatible with the Macintosh platform.
BRUSSELS (AFP) - The European Union wrestled with proposals to overhaul its ineffective budget rules but put off concrete action until January at the earliest in the face of big divisions.
Jets coach Herman Edwards realized in the offseason he needed to make the NFL clock his friend, after so many time-management gaffes made him look like a goof.
AFP - China and other emerging market countries offer new markets for the luxury goods industry though they are likely in time to themselves become competitors, according to industry experts.
Some critics say RISC's time has passed. Sun Microsystems' David Yen has another idea.\
Mergers and acquisitions in the beer industry have been hot this year. Expect it to get hotter.
ABC apologizes Tuesday for a steamy intro to "Monday Night Football" after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
Stocks fell on Wall Street Tuesday as investors worred that a huge jump in wholesale prices, spurred by rising oil prices, could ripple through the economy.
Prices paid to US producers rose 1.7 percent last month, the biggest jump in 14 years, as higher energy and food costs suggested that inflation is picking up.
The auction site eBay canceled bids for half of a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich whose owner claims it bears the image of the Virgin Mary.
PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage they now have when Hewlett-Packard rolls out machines supporting next-generation DVD technologies next year.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Phillies re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth \$6.3 million Tuesday.
CHICAGO -- DePaul University women #39;s basketball coach Doug Bruno has signed a contract extension, the school announced Tuesday.
Justin King, a Gateway High School cornerback-running back who is considered one of the nation #39;s top 10 high school players, will play at Penn State.
Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Italy coach Marcello Lippi will field an altered team Wednesday in a friendly match against Finland.
AP - The Utah Jazz activated point guard Carlos Arroyo from the injured list Tuesday and placed rookie Kris Humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee.
Afghan kidnappers holding three foreign United Nations workers hostage say they are now considering whether to kill, hold or release their captives.
Reuters - The Philadelphia Phillies\re-signed righthander Cory Lidle to a two-year deal worth  #36;6.3\million Tuesday.
One major shareholder says it won't touch Oracle's latest offer. Another says it likes the price. Who'll prevail?
Aggressive marketing and pricing helps Intel climb back out of flash memory hole, but marketwide flash revenue declined.
Biometric and smart-card technology will replace passwords to verify ID, Microsoft head Bill Gates says--again.
Verizon Wireless service lets users treat people who call them to music rather than the sound of a ringing phone.
PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage when Hewlett-Packard debuts Blu-ray compatible machines.
Verizon Wireless lets you choose "ringback tones" from a catalog of more than 2,200 songs in 13 different music genres.
AP - President Bush talked by telephone Tuesday with leaders in Sudan, pushing for progress in peace talks to end a 21-year civil war in southern Sudan.
AP - The government is making it easier for airports that want to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers, The Associated Press has learned.
Motorolahas agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
When cities run out of valuable real estate, planners look up. The search for green space is no exception.
Lake Vostok, an Antarctic freshwater lake buried by 2.5 miles (4 kilometers) of ice, may host a diverse community of microbial life-forms, scientists say.
Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) turned in a decent quarter today (with earnings that exactly matched the consensus estimate). Investors shrugged off the numbers.
Florida Attorney General Charlie Crist on Tuesday issued subpoenas to 11 insurance companies as part of an ongoing investigation into the business practices of the insurance industry.
and two days later his company hit another milestone. It released what #39;s easily its most important product in more than nine years.
Nina Kraft was disqualified as winner of the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship because of drug use, giving Natascha Badmann her fifth title.
Ivory Coast #39;s embattled leader sounded one of the first conciliatory notes Tuesday in his West African nation #39;s devastating confrontation with its former colonial 
AP - Donovan McNabb and Terrell Owens went back to describing touchdown patterns instead of explaining sideline confrontations.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will make his first official visit to Canada on Nov. 30, sources say.
Reuters - Mobissimo Inc. officially\launched its online travel search engine on Tuesday and said it\has added a new service that allows users to search for rental\cars.
The US space agency flies its X-43A hypersonic jet to a speed in excess of nine times the speed of sound.
Two executives at Zurich Financial Services AG, the third-biggest US commercial insurer, pleaded guilty to charges they helped rig bids to help an insurance broker give business to favored clients.
Organized gangs are increasingly using networks of zombie PCs to launch attempts to make money, according to VeriSign.
The Motion Picture Association of America said Tuesday that the agency had begun to file suits against suspected file traders. The MPAA did not disclose how many suits had been filed.
The Utah Jazz activated point guard Carlos Arroyo from the injured list Tuesday and placed rookie Kris Humphries on it because of tendinitis in his knee.
The local phone giant going after "young and wireless" crowd in 2005 with Internet phone plan.
AP - A judge charged a jailed Moroccan on Tuesday with being a leading member of Islamic extremist groups in three countries, including an organization suspected in the killing of a Dutch filmmaker.
Hewlett-Packard Co. reported Tuesday a 26.5 percent rise in fourth-quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant's businesses.
Reuters - Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir\Guerrero claimed the American League MVP award on Tuesday,\turning what was supposed to be a tight race into a runaway\victory.
Comdex veterans ponder freedom from the annual computing trade show, which normally would be happening in Sin City right about now. 
The drive also features a unique vertical design for easy placement and portability, and offers connectivity with both i.LINK and hi-speed USB digital interfaces.
AP - Tom Daschle bade his fellow Senate Democrats farewell Tuesday with a plea that they seek common ground with Republicans yet continue to fight for the less fortunate.
England captain David Beckham has dismissed reports of his retiring after the 2006 World Cup finals and revealed his determination to become his country #39;s most capped outfield player.
Artemis International Solutions has developed software that supports IT portfolio management, project management, activity-based costing and balanced scorecard activities.
Europe #39;s unmanned SMART-1 probe established itself in orbit around the moon today after being captured by the moon #39;s gravitational pull.
Anaheim Angels #39; Vladimir Guerrero singles to right against the Oakland Athletics during the fifth inning at Angel Stadium in Anaheim, Calif.
The Utah Jazz announced today that the team has activated Carlos Arroyo from the injured list and placed rookie forward Kris Humphries on the injured list.
Security has been beefed up in the Valley following reports that the LeT plans to step up violence in the state during Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs visit.
Hewlett-Packard (HPQ:NYSE - news - research) bested expectations on earnings and revenue for its fourth quarter, the company said after the bell Tuesday.
Somebody named Larry Donald slapped Evander Holyfield silly Saturday night, making us all wonder why the former champ still has a boxing license.
BERLIN -- Germany #39;s Nina Kraft has been stripped of her Hawaii Ironman title after admitting taking the banned blood-boosting substance EPO.
In week two Notre Dame CB Dwight Ellick and his fellow defensive backs backed up their words and flustered Michigan #39;s vaunted WR corps.
BRITISH-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan is believed dead after a video surfaced showing a blind-folded woman being shot. Hassan, kidnapped last month in Baghdad, was said by her 
AFP - CARE Australia, the charity group which employs kidnapped British-born Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan, said Wednesday that it appeared she had been killed in Iraq.
In Fallujah, US officers say the remaining Iraqi rebels are smart, and adapting to changing battle conditions.
Pedro Martinez visits the enemy Tuesday, meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner at New York's spring training complex in Tampa, Fla.
Hewlett-Packard said Tuesday that quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business and every region.
New York #39;s Attorney General Eliot Spitzer told a US Senate subcommittee Tuesday he expects his insurance industry probe to yield additional guilty pleas.
Department store operator Nordstrom Inc. on Tuesday said third-quarter profit jumped on higher sales, inventory changes and lower expenses, leading it above Wall Street estimates.
General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, announced Tuesday that the 1,100 remaining workers at its Baltimore assembly plant will lose their jobs next year when 
SBC Communications will begin selling residential phone services that use the Internet in 2005, aiming for those in its existing markets who buy broadband access but gave up their traditional home phone.
PC maker Dell and software company Microsoft have formed a development partnership to improve the way customers manage systems across the enterprise.
THE first spacecraft sent from Europe to the Moon has safely entered lunar orbit, scientists behind the mission learnt yesterday. Smart-1, which is powered by a Star 
An increase in smog sparks a small but measurable increase in deaths, scientists report Wednesday in a study showing the strongest link yet between smog and damage to health.
Adobe has announced version 7.0 of its Acrobat document-sharing suite. The new version give creators of PDF documents more options in the ways users can interact with them.
COM. I was impressed watching Wake Forest in its season-opening, 97-76 win over George Washington in the Preseason NIT on Monday night.
opposing sanctions, campaigning against the war and working for the survival of the countrys neediest when all other foreign aid workers had fled.
AP - Now that Laura Diaz is starting to see progress, the LPGA Tour season is about to end. But at least she gets one more week, which is all she wanted.
Reuters - Mount Everest should be put on a United
Hewlett-Packard late Tuesday released the financial results for its fourth fiscal quarter, which ended Oct. 31. The Palo Alto, Calif.
The World Bank said that developing countries are seeing their strongest economic growth in three decades -- and strong growth is likely to continue for the next two years.
SEATTLE -- Nordstrom Inc. #39;s income soared 71 percent in its latest quarter as the clothing chain continued to focus on improving merchandise and managing expenses.
The trade group that represents movie studios filed its first round of lawsuits Tuesday against people who allegedly share copyright films on the internet.
After a steady diet of feature announcements throughout most of this year, Sun Microsystems officials formally launched their next-generation operating system this week.
DUBLIN: Ireland #39;s all-time leading scorer Robbie Keane struck the only goal in a 1-0 victory over Croatia in an international soccer friendly on Wednesday.
The Silicon Valley Bowl is close to finalizing a deal to bring a team from the Mid-American Conference to the game in place of a Pac-10 team.
IRVING, Texas -- Donovan McNabb spun away from one would-be tackler and sprinted to his right, only to find another defender waiting.
AP - The Browns waived disgruntled running back James Jackson on Tuesday to make room for a rookie on their roster.
AP - Auburn tailbacks Carnell Williams and Ronnie Brown haven't joined in the rush to the Heisman Trophy.
New technical support service lets businesses outsource tuning, patching and monitoring of their PeopleSoft systems.
The Association of Flight Attendants said its union leaders unanimously authorized a strike vote on Tuesday that will begin immediately at bankrupt US carriers, including United Airlines and US Airways.
Crude oil prices fell Tuesday astraders widely anticipated a continuing increase in US inventories of crude oil. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude oil futures for 
Developing nations are this year set to record their strongest economic growth since 1974, the World Bank has said. Many countries are on course to achieve the UN Millennium Development Goals of cutting global 
Two underwriters at Zurich Financial Services AG, the third-biggest US commercial insurer, pleaded guilty to charges they helped rig bids to help an insurance broker give business to favored clients.
The study shows that images of fear affect the emotional part of the brain. Since the link between the emotional brain and action is stronger than the link between the visual brain and action, viewing fearful 
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks and bonds fell on Tuesday  as a jump in producer prices sparked worries about inflation  and aggressive interest-rate hikes.
The hot stove season got a little hotter on Tuesday, as Pedro Martinez met with the Yankees in Tampa to discuss the possibility of joining the Bronx Bombers.
Tired scooter rider enthused to finish coast-to-coast journey across 14 states.
Bowstreet this week launched its Enterprise Portal Solutions, a set of portal-based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
PC World - Internet Protocol version 6 will improve VoIP quality, other wireless services.
AP - Iranian hard-liners on Tuesday criticized a nuclear deal reached with European nations, saying Iran gained nothing in return for suspending the nuclear enrichment process.
InfoWorld - Bowstreet this week launched its Enterprise Portal Solutions, a set of portal-based composite applications designed to bolster employee, partner, and customer productivity.
Internet Protocol version 6 will improve VoIP quality, other wireless services.
Black was charged with fraud yesterday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), accusing him of using the company as, what they termed, his personal piggy bank.
Motorola Inc. has agreed to buy MeshNetworks Inc., a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
Borders Group Inc. said Tuesday that it swung to a loss in the fiscal third quarter as fewer customers came to stores and best seller sales declined.
The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) launched its initiative to file lawsuits against online movie traders on Tuesday.
Nearly 40 years after US and Soviet space probes orbited the moon, the European Space Agency has put its own satellite into lunar orbit.
THE rapid spread of fear that can cause crush injuries and serious accidents in crowds could be provoked by an innate reaction to body language, a provocative new study has found.
THE growth of the world economy is poised to slow sharply next year as oil pressures continue and China attempts a soft landing, the World Bank said yesterday.
AP - Daniel E. Troy, chief counsel for the Food and Drug Administration, resigned Tuesday with plans to return to the private sector.
Ivory Coast's leader vows not to block peace moves in the divided nation as the UN imposes an arms embargo.
For hip-hop stars, there is nothing glamorous about being out of control. The late rapper burned hot in a world where stars are supposed to stay cool.
AP - Lindsay Davenport finished No. 1 in the world for the third time in the year-end WTA rankings released Tuesday.
The developing countries will enjoy the strongest economic growth in three decades this year andshould continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted on Tuesday.
The FDA said the Viagra ads were so suggestive they touted the drug #39;s effectiveness, thereby requiring a description of the evidence for the claim and the possible side effects.
Microsoft and Dell launched a new initiative program for their enterprise consumers that promise to be productive and cost efficient.
Academy Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary has sued Microsoft Corp. in California for purportedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio after the software giant sought his 
Robbie Keane scored his 24th international goal as the Republic of Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in an exhibition soccer match. Australia and Norway drew 2-2.
The Giants are on the clock again, and it is a race against time as dramatic as the one that ended in April when they made the trade for Eli Manning.
There was a bizarre feeling to events yesterday, hearing two Wales coaches talking about New Zealand looking for a victory, but then, it is an unprecedented situation.
THE HAGUE Dutch leaders debated Tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence.
Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
The US space agency (NASA) says an unmanned supersonic jet Tuesday succeeded in breaking a speed record. NASA says preliminary data from its X-43A experimental aircraft shows it reached speeds 
A substantial price cut and footprint squeeze show a new commitment from Dell to getting its enterprise-class blade servers into data centres.
England captain David Beckham and Michael Owen, playing at a home from home in Wednesday #39;s friendly against Spain, have points to prove at the Bernabeu.
Major League Baseball #39;s Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels has wrapped up his inaugural season in the American League by winning the Most Valuable Player Award.
England captain David Beckham has denied reports that he plans to retire from international soccer after the 2006 World Cup and said he wants to play for his country as long as possible.
Report backed by pro-visa group sees shortages in high-skill occupations, a view not shared by all.
Prominent venture capitalist at Silicon Valley's New Enterprise Associates wants to "see if I can design a working life for myself."
SBC Communications plans to announce that it will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
AP - A bomb exploded in a movie theater in northwestern Pakistan early Wednesday, killing two people and injuring 29 others, police said.
AP - President Bush is ready to shift his education focus to older students, building on the law he pushed through before terrorism and war came to define his presidency.
High levels of  may be killing off people living in cities around the world, experts suspect.
Vladimir Guerrero of the Anaheim Angels won the A.L. Most Valuable Player award, easily beating the second-place finisher, Gary Sheffield of the Yankees.
BRUSSELS European finance officials on Tuesday called on the United States to take concrete action to halt the slide of the dollar.
Vodafone is to hand out 6bn to shareholders this year thanks to a doubling of its dividend and an increase in its share buy-back programme.
A date has been announced for the inclusion of Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corporation in a key share market index in the United States.
Wholesale prices in the United States jumped 1.7 percent in October as a result of sharply higherenergy and food costs, the Labor Department reported on Tuesday.
By staff writers and wires. NASA says it has broken the world speed record for powered flight with an experimental jet that has just flown at 10 times the speed of sound.
Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay inked former Buc and Super Bowl MVP Dexter Jackson on Tuesday to add depth to its suddenly-thin safety position.
Greece host Kazakhstan on Wednesday night in a game that the home-side is looking only for the maximum in order to remain in the fight for the top places of the second group.
ST. PAUL, Minn. Saint Paul Travelers Companies says it has been subpoenaed by the New York attorney general for documents relating to its business practices.
Microsoft has introduced a package of tools, training and technical support designed to lure users away from Novell #39;s Netware, to Windows Server 2003.
England midfielder Steven Gerrard says he is ready to make his comeback for Liverpool at Middlesbrough on Saturday, after a two-month injury absence.
GORDON Brown yesterday fired off yet another political salvo at Brussels, as he dismissed a call from the European Commission to increase its spending limit by 35 per cent.
TOTTENHAM striker Robbie Keane scored his 24th international goal last night as the Republic of Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in a friendly international in Dublin.
AP - If the Boston Red Sox want to keep Jason Varitek, they might have to give him a no-trade clause.
Slain right wing politician Pim Fortuyn has been voted the greatest Dutchman of all time by television viewers in the Netherlands.
AP - Weber State football coach Jerry Graybeal resigned Tuesday after a 1-10 season, the worst in the program's 43-year history.
Redskins quarterback Patrick Ramsey, for the first time since preseason, will spend time working with the first-team offense.
Virginia Tech opened the season unranked but climbed to No. 15 with a 7-2 record going into Thursday night's game against Maryland.
The Orioles name former Florida Marlins scout Joe Jordan director of scouting on Tuesday. Jordan worked with VP Jim Beattie from 1997 to 2001 with the Expos.
One person not surprised by Virginia Tech's successful season is Ralph Friedgen, who says quarterback Bryan Randall is the key.
A streamlined process supplies beds and social workers more quickly and eliminates the system's rundown gateway in the Bronx.
Bested by a Republican campaign emphasizing Christian faith, some Democrats are scrambling to shake off their secular image, stepping up efforts to organize the "religious left."
NASA engineers shattered the aircraft speed record on Tuesday by flying their unmanned X-43A jet off the coast of California at nearly 6,600 miles per hour.
AP - Dallas Mavericks center Erick Dampier left Tuesday night's game against Phoenix with strained hip, then guard Jason Terry was lost to a sprained ankle.
com. The rumors that Pedro Martinez would be meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner in Tampa started rippling through Red Sox Nation around midday on Tuesday.
According to the International Ice Hockey Federation, 276 N.H.L. players have signed with European teams. Could hockey be headed for a new world order?
Coach Bill Parcells refused to talk about his future in Dallas, a tenure that may be short-lived if the Cowboys' troubles continue.
The last time Eli Manning made a debut as a starting quarterback, his coach, David Cutcliffe of Ole Miss, had goose bumps.
China #39;s spending on construction and factory equipment edged lower in October, but there was no sign of a major cutback despite efforts to curb lending for such investments.
The world's highest peak should put on a UN danger list to force action on global warming, campaigners say.
SBC Communications will pay \$400 million to Microsoft for software used to deliver TV programming over high-speed data lines.
Senate governmental affairs subcommittee hearing on insurance brokerage policies, with Eliot Spitzer of New York and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut scheduled to testify.
Sander - who sold her fashion house to Prada four years ago, left four months later, then made a dramatic comeback in 2003 - has left the company again.
The U.S. military raced into the streets of Mosul to root out bands of rebels. Also, a kidnapped aid worker is feared dead.
Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero was named Most Valuable Player in the American League Tuesday. Guerrero received 21 of 28 first-place votes and 354 points in balloting 
The Chilean government said Tuesday that the presidency of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) has helped Chile to deepen relations withthe Asia-Pacific region.
AP - Leftist rebels ambushed a police convoy Tuesday in northeastern Colombia, killing at least nine officers and wounding three others, authorities said. A 10th policeman was killed in a separate incident.
The Red Sox' Pedro Martnez met with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner in a potential bid to dramatically change his status in the Bronx and in Boston.
Militants attack a stadium in Srinagar hours before the Indian prime minister is due to address a rally.
Craftspeople could soon overtake farmers as the biggest contributors to the rural economy, a report says.
Shares of Google, the newly public Web search company, fell 6.7 percent as selling restrictions were lifted on 39 million shares held by employees and early investors.
Hoping to prevent the loss of children, a few schools have begun monitoring student movements using technology similar to that used to track livestock and retail shipments.
It's time to talk about the serious risks and potential benefits of building an expensive ballpark in Washington.
Approximately 500 D.C. United fans gathered at RFK Stadium on Tuesday to celebrate the team's victory in Sunday's MLS Cup.
AP - Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and began a key third-quarter burst that helped the San Antonio Spurs beat the New York Knicks 99-81 Tuesday night.
A new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
Hoping to prevent the loss of a child, a few schools have begun monitoring students' arrivals and departures using technology similar to that used to track livestock.
A huge jump in wholesale prices sent stocks falling yesterday as investors worried that rising oil prices were taking a toll on the overall economy.
S amp;P has announced changes to its indices in the US and Australia in relation to News Corporation. After trading closes on Friday December 17, 2004 New Corp.
A small, pilotless NASA aircraft set a speed record for jet planes on Tuesday when it dashed out over the Pacific Ocean at almost 10 times the speed of sound, project officials announced.
Football star David Beckham said Monday that he turned down a good part in MGMs The Pink Panther, staring Steve Martin, Kevin Kline, Beyonce Knowles and Jean Reno.
England boss Sven Goran Eriksson insists the row between Manchester United and Arsenal will not spill over into tonight #39;s international against Spain.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - New York Yankees right-fielder Gary Sheffield revealed Tuesday that he and his wife were targeted by a blackmailer.
SRINAGAR - Militants early Wednesday launched an attack near a stadium in Kashmir where Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is due to address a rally later, police said.
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld on Tuesday termed Ecuador an ally in the combat against terrorism and drug trafficking. Rumsfeld made the remarks at a joint press conference 
AP - The government announced Tuesday that it will make it easier for airports to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers.
TORONTO (CP) - Stock car racing in Canada received a boost Tuesday as NASCAR announced a multi-year operational and marketing agreement with CASCAR.
AP - NBA commissioner David Stern believes the Sacramento Kings will secure funding for a new arena in plenty of time to prevent the team from leaving Northern California.
Mustafa Shakur scores 23 points and Ivan Radenovic 20 in 10th-ranked Arizona's often-sloppy 80-69 victory over San Diego Tuesday.
According to the International Ice Hockey Federation, 276 N.H.L. players have signed with European teams. Could hockey be headed for a new world order?
Wholesale inflation rose last month at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government reported yesterday, raising concerns 
The Consumer Price Index is a measure of the average price level of a fixed basket of goods and services purchased by consumers. Monthly changes in the CPI represent the rate of inflation.
LOS ANGELES An audit has concluded that a public relations firm overbilled the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power by more than four (m) million dollars.
AUSTRALIA coach Frank Farina believes Harry Kewell #39;s nightmare season is about to change for the good, declaring the Liverpool midfielder is returning to form.
Equatorial Guinea resumed on Tuesday the trial of 19 suspected mercenaries accused of plotting a coup in the oil-rich African country, after a two-month adjournment to give 
Charlie Rose, the TV interviewer, is taping five shows back to back of Silicon Valley heavyweights.
Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  late on\Tuesday launched Personals Premier, a premium online dating\service aimed at attracting serious relationship seekers with\deeper pockets.
Prominent venture capitalist at Silicon Valley's New Enterprise Associates wants to "see if I can design a working life for myself."
Federal prosecutors are investigating whether the wife of Enrons former chairman, Kenneth Lay, engaged in insider trading just before the company collapsed, people involved in the case said.
Starbucks has received F.D.A. approval to use recycled paper in their cups. The company says no one else uses recycled paper.
The developing countries will enjoy the strongest economic growth in three decades this year and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted on Tuesday.
Hewlett-Packard Co. on Tuesday said quarterly profit topped its own lowered expectations as the computer and printer maker saw record revenues in every business 
A public relations company billed the city #39;s Department of Water and Power for more than \$4 million in questionable costs that it should repay, according to an audit released Tuesday.
IBM hopes to give a boost to large-scale public grid computing projects with the launch of the new  quot;World Community Grid. quot;.
Microsoft is on the move again. As it has in the past, the software giant is trying to elbow aside rivals who have pioneered new markets.
New Zealand made the rare move of resting its captain, and Wales named three changes for their rugby Test at Millennium Stadium on Saturday.
AP - Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points, Mike Bibby added 27 and the Sacramento Kings kept the Chicago Bulls winless with a 113-106 victory on Tuesday night.
General Motors Corp. plans to close its Baltimore manufacturing operations next year, shuttering a factory that employs 1,100 hourly and salaried workers.
Preliminary investigations in New York, Connecticut and California suggest that insurance companies frequently pay insurance brokers and agents undisclosed compensation -- including cash, loans 
Vladimir Guerrero wins the American League MVP award Tuesday, just the fifth time a player switched leagues and earned the honor in his first season with his new team.
LeBron James scored 33 points and the Cleveland Cavaliers moved over .500 for the first time in more than three years with their fourth straight victory, a 
Vladimir Guerrero had such a huge impact during the final week of the season that voting for the American League Most Valuable Player award wasn #39;t even close.
Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel and the school #39;s athletics director, Andy Geiger, defended the besieged program Tuesday -eiger delivering a vigorous 
A new method of diagnosing heart disease takes only seconds to conduct, but critics say the technique is ripe for overuse.
AP - Marko Jaric had 23 points, eight assists and seven rebounds Tuesday night to lead the Los Angeles Clippers to a 101-89 victory over the Toronto Raptors.
The Hewlett-Packard Company said yesterday that its profits rose 27 percent in the fourth quarter as revenues reached record levels across its business lines.
As the Salvation Army kicks off its annual red-kettle program today, a growing number of retailers, from Best Buy to Target, are banning Salvation Army bell ringers 
The saddest thing about the American election of George Bush is that in the long run it will make the United States irrelevant in all matters save that we have the power to blow the 
The senior US general in Iraq expresses concern about the ability of Iraqi forces to cope with election security.
Jason Thomas scores a career-high 23 points and grabs 11 rebounds to help American withstand a late Vermont rally and beat the Catamounts, 67-64.
AFP - Aid worker Margaret Hassan's apparent murder by her kidnappers in Iraq caused shock and dismay among Australians and employees of the charity group that employed her, CARE Australia.
They partied in the streets yesterday in the Dominican Republic, where the president declared a national holiday after Anaheim #39;s Vladimir Guerrero won the American 
Life doesn #39;t get much better than being a successful quarterback in the NFL. Tom Brady dates actresses. Brett Favre has a best-selling book.
New Mexico, on the verge of going to a third straight bowl game, Tuesday gave coach Rocky Long a contract extension through 2009. While details of the new contract are still being worked 
Maurice Clarett #39;s charges against Ohio State are so unsettling that the NCAA may do more than round up the usual suspects this time.
MINNEAPOLIS - The Heat wasn #39;t overly concerned about its 0-2 record against Western Conference teams heading into Tuesday #39;s game at Minnesota.
Asia-Pacific leaders attending the annual summit in Santiago this week are being asked to consider establishing a Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific (FTAAP).
A sleek NASA X-43A aircraft set a world speed record Tuesday, flying at more than 6,600 mph in a test flight that eventually could revolutionize air travel and space exploration.
George Steinbrenner met with Pedro Martinez yesterday in Tampa, perhaps setting the stage for the most mind-blowing defection between enemies since Babe Ruth.
Gunshots echoed in the heart of Srinagar, the summer capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir Wednesday morning, just a few hours before Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives.
As fighting winds down, US troops face an even more difficult mission in Fallujah winning the people #39;s allegiance. Planners want to 
AFP - Thailand's respected queen has made a rare public appeal for the nation to unite to end violence in the troubled Muslim-majority south where nearly 550 people have died this year.
Shares in Google have fallen 6.7 as employees and early investors in the web search take advantage of the first chance to sell their holdings.
ABC apologized yesterday for a steamy intro to  quot;Monday Night Football quot; after receiving complaints from viewers and the NFL.
The Revolution will expose some of their most experienced and respected players to the Major League Soccer expansion draft, scheduled for Friday to stock new teams in Los Angeles and Salt Lake City.
Coach: Bill Gibbons (20th year, 393-172). Last year: 13-15, 8-6 (fourth in Patriot League).
Coach: Kathy Delaney-Smith (23d year, 335-240). Last year: 16-11, 9-5 (tied for second in Ivy League).
With a 90-59 record in five years at Merrimack , Ann McInerney has set some high standards.
It took a year, but Quincy's volleyball team has bragging rights in the city again.
For many coaches, their last home game after 41 years on the job would be an emotionally charged event that becomes bigger than the game.
WALTHAM -- Certain programs are expected to compete for championships every year in local high school sports, such as Catholic Memorial in ice hockey and Everett in football.
Even without their star rusher, the No. 3 Brockton Boxers continued rolling last night, turning in a dominant defensive effort to handle New Bedford, 32-6.
If hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, then a small-business person scorned by his bank comes in second.
Jim Pinder lost his job to India before most people had ever heard of ''offshoring. quot;
Wholesale prices -- catapulted by more expensive energy and food -- soared last month by the largest amount in more than 14 years.
Two major PeopleSoft Inc. shareholders yesterday indicated they would split their votes on whether to accept Oracle Corp's \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid.
Christopher F. Egan met yesterday afternoon with lawyers at the Securities and Exchange Commission in an effort to keep his planned purchase of radio station WBIX-AM on track.
Developing countries with substantial reserves in US dollars will lose wealth if the American currency depreciates further, but are unlikely to quickly offload their 
China pledged to invest \$19.7 billion in Argentine railroad, energy, telecommunications and housing projects over the next 10 years, an Argentina government official said.
Hollywood studios went to Denver federal court Tuesday, filing two lawsuits against 22 unnamed Coloradans suspected of swapping pirated copies of movies over the Internet.
Chelsea defender Wayne Bridge will tonight be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to Englands left-sided midfield conundrum.
Handheld game devices and satellite radio receiver vie for gadget fans' attention with camcorders, big LCD TV, and more.
Even with the surge of energy prices, Fed policy-makers said  #39;inflation and longer-term inflation expectations remain well-contained.
Following a policy of trust-but-verify, Rupert Murdoch said Tuesday that he wants formal assurance that Liberty Media Chairman John Malone won #39;t make a run at his News Corp.
Equipped with bells and the familiar red kettles, local Salvation Army volunteers and clients will hit the streets this weekend for the agency #39;s annual kettle campaign.
After Novell slapped a lawsuit on Microsoft, blaming it for the death of its office productivity suite WordPerfect, the Redmond giant seems furious.
The PO Little League will hold an election of officers meeting at 7 pm Thursday at the YMCA. All officers, coaches, volunteers and interested parents are urged to attend.
Chelsea defender Wayne Bridge will be handed the chance to stake his claim as the long-term solution to England #39;s left-sided midfield conundrum.
With three of the top four contenders for the American League #39;s Most Valuable Player award from his country, Dominican Republic president Leonel Fernandez felt it was safe to host a celebration 
CHICAGO -- Be prepared for the worst. That could be the message NHL Players Association executive director Bob Goodenow conveys to player agents at a meeting today.
PC World - Handheld game devices and satellite radio receiver vie for gadget fans' attention with camcorders, big LCD TV, and more.
Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer brought his campaign to retain his company #39;s dominance in the Indian software market to the country #39;s leadership yesterday.
Rupert Murdoch said yesterday he expects to launch his new Fox business channel next summer and that it will be easy to compete against CNBC.
The Motion Picture Association of America on Tuesday filed its first wave of lawsuits against people it alleges have traded illegally copied movies online, a practice the MPAA says represents 
Charles F. Wurster is professor emeritus of environmental sciences at Stony Brook University and is a member of the board of Environmental Defense, a nonprofit organization.
Vladimir Guerrero had such a powerful presence during the final week of the season that voting for the American League Most Valuable Player Award wasn #39;t close.
LONDON: French President Jacques Chirac said in a newspaper interview yesterday that Britain has gained nothing from its support for the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
HONOLULU -- The country #39;s largest flight attendants union is calling for a national strike against four airlines now in bankruptcy.
Rupert Murdoch wants to put up another gate to keep media mogul John Malone from buying a bigger stake in his kingdom. One week after adopting a poison pill to protect his News Corp.
Europe #39;s first mission to the Moon is about to start. The unmanned, solar energy driven SMART-1 spacecraft has entered the orbit around the Moon.
AN ACADEMY Award winning screenwriter has sued the mighty Microsoft saying it stole his idea for a virtual yoga studio when it issued  quot;Yourself!
When Archie Manning heard his 23-year-old son would be starting against the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday, he remembered what his other quarterback son told him after his first NFL start.
AP - Vladimir Guerrero figured someone from his baseball-crazed country would be chosen as the American League's Most Valuable Player.
For the second time in two seasons, the Jets on Sunday will welcome Chad Pennington back after an extended absence because of injury.
A total of 12,000 counterfeit track suits bearing the Nike logo were discovered in a 40-foot container by the container monitoring unit of the Customs Department.
The assault on the city was accompanied by a pledge from U.S. officials to rebuild it after the offensive was complete. But keeping that promise may prove more difficult than anticipated.
A businessman is suing Michael Jackson for \$3m alleging he is owed for unpaid loans and producing fees.
&lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; An insight into piracy rates
A human rights group has suggested a mandatory flash on camera mobiles would counter illicit photography.
Only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport.
SAN ANTONIO - Sometimes, the planets align perfectly and, presto, you can rebuild in one fell swoop without ever hitting rock bottom.
Half the world expects Eli Manning to be the next Peyton Manning. The other half only wants him to be the next Ben Roethlisberger.
Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield revealed yesterday he was the victim of a shakedown artist who threatened to release X-rated video of his gospel-singer wife and a professional musician.
AFP - Pakistan has welcomed the first withdrawal of Indian troops from disputed Kashmir, as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hinted at further reductions.
UK unemployment fell by 67,000 in the three months to September to 1.38 million, official figures show.
Reuters - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses\on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel\stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Two Viagra TV ads are making unsubstantiated claims about sexual desire and should be pulled out, the FDA told Pfizer Inc, the makers of Viagra.
Adobe Systems has introduced Adobe Acrobat 7.0 software suite, with features that could appeal to home offices and professionals who make a living from content design.
Web surfing has belonged almost exclusively to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer ever since it buried Netscape #39;s pioneering browser.
Andy Roddick squeezed past Britain #39;s Tim Henman 7-5 7-6 at the Masters Cup overnight, giving his fellow Texans the hometown win they came to see.
The claimed execution of Anglo-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan makes relief efforts almost impossible to carry out in Iraq, the EU said today.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday paid his first visit to Kashmir since taking office, as Indian troops began to withdraw from the territory.
THE Government #39;s plans for a partial ban on smoking in public places seems to have fallen far short of what has been proposed by Liverpool City Council.
 quot;Israel mercenaries assisting the Ivory Coast army operated unmanned aircraft that aided aerial bombings of a French base in the country, quot; claimed 
ELEANOR HALL: Diplomatic tensions erupted between China and Japan this week over a mystery submarine in Japanese waters. The Japanese Government had blamed the Chinese for the incursion.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses  on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel  stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
The 15th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution that toppled the Communist Party is marked by Czechs.
The Nairobi residence of the newly elected Somali president is reportedly attacked by unknown gunmen.
Shares in Hewlett-Packard have risen by 8 per cent in after-hours trading after the US computer and printer manufacturer reported record revenues in every division and in every region.
General Motors Corp., the world #39;s largest automaker, announced Tuesday that the 1,100 remaining workers at its Baltimore assembly plant will lose their jobs 
Vladimir Guerrero easily defeated his competitors on the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees yesterday to win the American League Most Valuable Player award.
Three UN workers abducted in Afghanistan are probably still being held in the Kabul area and not by a resistance group, the interior ministry said.
down - against other major currencies. The tumble has helped the portfolios of some fortunate Americans by bolstering the returns of their foreign stocks and bonds.
Future space explorers might bring back more than just pictures from their excursions -- they could mine the planets for profit. By Mark Baard.
The new PlayStation 2 game makes ingenious use of the gimmicky EyeToy controller, but glitches and repetition keep it from taking off. By Chris Kohler.
Leaders of the nation #39;s largest flight attendants union, which represents workers at United Airlines and US Airways Group Inc.
The Bank of England appears set to hold interest rates steady for at least the next few months after revealing policymakers did not even discuss raising borrowing costs at their November meeting.
In town to testify on bid rigging and price-fixing in the insurance industry, California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi yesterday said ongoing investigations might reveal 
SBC Communications announced Tuesday that it would offer residential Internet-based calling, joining what could be the future of home-phone service.
Hollywood film studios have filed their first wave of lawsuits against people in the US who trade pirated films over the internet.
We reported on PCI-Express chipsets in numerous articles in the past two months, by reading those you would almost start to think that AGP was indeed dead and buried.
Tim Henman, the British No 1, lost his rain-delayed opening match against the world No 2 Andy Roddick at the Masters Cup in Houston this morning.
but will play anywhere if it means he is in Sven Goran Eriksson #39;s plans. The 23-year-old Spurs striker is set to start on the 
Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr admitted he was frustrated his side did not score more than one goal in their friendly win over Croatia.
England will complain to FIFA about racist abuse directed at their black players during an under-21 friendly international in Spain, a Football Association spokesman said on Wednesday.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. -- Although it was more competitive than most of their other trips to the West Coast in recent years, the result was the same.
Kevin Garnett had 25 points, 21 rebounds and eight assists to pace the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 108-97 victory Tuesday against the visiting Miami Heat.
British and Irish leaders on Wednesday condemned the apparent slaying of a British aid worker who would be the first foreign woman killed in the wave of kidnappings that have beset Iraq.
Asthma experts have condemned as a  #39;shabby half measure #39; the government #39;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places.
The United Nations Security Council is traveling to Nairobi, Kenya, for a special two-day meeting on the conflicts in Sudan. The Security Council meetings on Thursday and Friday are intended to put pressure 
AFP - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered Kashmiris peace and prosperity as he pulled an army battalion out of the troubled state and held out hope of further troop cuts.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended recent heavy losses  on Wednesday ahead of weekly U.S. data expected to show fuel  stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
The German authorities have arrested a fourth man in connection with a suspected plan to attack the Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi during a visit to Berlin earlier this week.
Spain coach Luis Aragones has risked further uproar with an attempt to repair the damage caused by his racist comments about Thierry Henry.
Militants kill at least 30 in assault on Baghdad; US forces say 22 insurgents killed in Mosul. A Iraqi man mourns the death of his brother.
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer tells US lawmakers that many insurance brokers systematically fix the market.
Riding on record revenue across all its business segments, Hewlett- Packard Co. delivered surprisingly strong financial reports for its fiscal fourth quarter, with profit up 26.5 percent.
NEWS Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch said today he plans to meet media investor John Malone in the coming months, and played down reports of hostility between the two tycoons.
Britain #39;s unemployment rate fell to a new 20-year low of 4.6 percent in the latest quarter, according to official data released Wednesday.
Top Hollywood studios have launched a wave of court cases against internet users who illegally download film files. The Motion Picture Association of America, which acts as the representative of major film 
ACADEMY Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary is suing software giant Microsoft in California for allegedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.
Vladimir Guerrero made such a huge impact during the final week of the season that voting for the American League most valuable player award wasn #39;t even close.
When Peja Stojakovic requested a trade from the Sacramento Kings over the summer, the Bulls #39; organization was one in which he expressed an interest.
Black Caps coach John Bracewell was forced to make some tough decisions in naming his side for the first Test against Australia in Brisbane on Thursday.
Margaret Hassan, a British-born Iraqi national, the director of CARE International #39;s operation in Iraq, is seen in this January 2003 photo taken in New York.
Rise in online identity fraud has companies on the hook: Educate customers or lose them. 
A human rights group urges the UN to take recruiters of child soldiers to the International Criminal Court.
WASHINGTON -- The US Supreme Court decided on Friday that it would consider whether cable companies should be forced to give third-party ISPs access to their networks.
Instead of its five-second delay, ABC Sports should have hit the delete button on its opening for the Philadelphia Eagles-Dallas Cowboys game on Monday Night Football.
Richard McCaw will captain the All Blacks against Wales on Sunday morning, with Wellington #39;s Piri Weepu set to make his test debut at halfback.
LUIS ARAGONS yesterday attempted to draw a line under the controversy surrounding his racist comments caught on camera last month.
AP - A car bomber rammed into a U.S. convoy Wednesday as American forces battled militants north of Baghdad, leaving a total of at least 10 people dead, witnesses said.
NASA #39;s X-43A scramjet programme successfully smashed its own world speed record for aircraft by flying at nearly 10 times the speed of sound.
Prosecutors have dropped charges against the parents who didn't pay enough attention to blood on their child's head when he returned home after being out all night.
The global launch of the long-awaited Half-Life 2 game has been marred by online registration problems.
More checks on the use of information collected by supermarket loyalty cards needed says David Blunkett.
NatWest bank suspends some online banking facilities after bogus e-mails ask customers for their account details in a 'phishing' scam.
Author Wallace Wang will be online to discusses file sharing and answer your questions.
