Australian swimmer Brooke Hanson will be chasing her sixth gold medal at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis later this morning.
Sri Lanka qualified for the final of a three-nation one-day tournament today after their match with Zimbabwe was called off due to overnight rain.
AP - Details of a new television ad from Democrat John Kerry to begin airing Wednesday:
A Caltech spinoff's new programming language could make it easier for software to digest RFID data and look for security breaches.
New Labor Dept. report shows continued growth in computer-related services jobs, while tech manufacturing positions fell.
The nation's former cybersecurity czar agrees to advise the government's incident response team.
Comcast head Brian Roberts says he and archrivals should work in concert to fight government intervention. Verizon CEO rolls his eyes.
Sanjay Kumar, the former Computer Associates chairman and CEO who was recently indicted for securities fraud,  talked about what he's been doing since leaving CA in June.
Under the \$1.35 billion deal, CSC will provide help-desk, network, security, and telecommunications services at more than 80 Ascension facilities across the country.
BEAUFORT, NC -- Underwater archeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.
AP - Robin Ventura retired in a fashion fitting for the way he played and behaved during a fine 16-year career  #151; quietly, with dignity and little fanfare.
IBM is expected to debut its highest-capacity storage arrays, pitting them against high-end offerings from competitors including EMC and Hitachi.
AP - Umpires Tim Welke and Randy Marsh were picked as crew chiefs for the league championship series and will start out Game 1 behind the plate.
Telecommunications network vendor Global Crossing cut its workforce by 600 workers, or about 15 of its global employees, as it continues to right itself about a year after emerging from bankruptcy.
3Com announced IP telephony products, including modules that help connect features such as e-mail alerts and caller ID to IP systems based on Session Initiation Protocol.
Microsoft's CEO in Europe said the company still hopes to settle with the European Commission over the sanctions imposed against it to correct its anticompetitive behavior.
Even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.
The cleric's followers began handing in weapons Monday, but some plan to continue fighting US forces in Baghdad.
Several obscure Islamist groups have claimed credit for Thursday's suicide attacks.
Oil prices above \$50 a barrel -nd rising  - now starting to adversely affect the economy and consumers in ways that had not been happening only a few months ago.
Global Crossing plans to eliminate 600 jobs, roughly 15 percent of its workforce, by March 2005 as part of a restructuring plan. The company needs an additional \$40 million in financing to fund 
Stocks drifted higher Monday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
Cable met telecommunications Monday at the Telecom  #39;04 trade show in Las Vegas as the top executives of Verizon Communications Inc.
Visiting my neighbor Max Faget at his home on the banks of Dickinson Bayou here in rural Galveston County, Texas, was like a trip into a space museum.
Novell last Friday said the release of Open Enterprise Server, a combination of open source and commercial networking platforms, is 10 months ahead of schedule.
The Green Bay Packers and Tennessee Titans will try to keep from falling to 1-4 Monday night. But after the nationally televised game in Green Bay, Wisconsin, one of them will be.
An independent inquiry is helping to defuse a controversy over ink used in Saturday #39;s election. By Scott Baldauf  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
With just a week to go before their launch, the new crew of the International Space Station are preparing for blast-off, CCTV reported Friday.
The Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service says it will investigate the circumstances surrounding a crocodile attack in the state #39;s far north.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
An autopsy was performed on Ken Caminiti on Monday, though the cause of the 1996 National League MVP #39;s death may not be known for 10 days.
LONDON - Defence Minister Bill Graham was tight-lipped after meeting with his British counterpart to discuss last week #39;s fire on board HMCS Chicoutimi.
US stocks fell this week after a government report showing slower job growth, coupled with an unexpected drop in an index of service industries and record oil prices, fueled concern that economic expansion will stall.
The US Senate easily gave final congressional approval on Monday to a huge corporate tax bill that aims to end a trade fight with the European Union by repealing US export 
Fourth-seeded Argentinian Juan Ignacio Chela #39;s second encounter with Florian Mayer this year didn #39;t go nearly as well as the first.
Oracle may lower its tender offer for PeopleSoft by as much as a third, a top company executive said on Monday during courtroom testimony.
The Senate on Monday approved \$137 billion in tax breaks for corporations and special interests over 10 years, including a \$10 billion buyout for tobacco farmers.
Tony Blair promised yesterday to seek a national consensus on radical reform to tackle Britain #39;s pensions crisis but shelved the crucial decisions until after the general election.
Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O is making a renewed push this week to get its software into living rooms with the launch of a new version of its Windows XP Media Center, a personal 
Brian Roberts, CEO of cable giant Comcast, told executives at the United States Telecom Association #39;s annual convention that cable providers and traditional telephone companies should work together 
The Baltimore Ravens have proven they can win in spite of Kyle Boller. Now they #39;re going to find out if they can win without Jamal Lewis.
When the football agent Paul Stretford hid a camera behind a hotel coffee-machine before a business meeting last year, he planned to reveal a campaign of bullying and blackmail 
The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth #39;s atmosphere has increased faster than expected in the last two years, renewing concern that global warming may accelerate.
BAGHDAD - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, on a surprise visit to Iraq, has predicted that violence will increase ahead of January #39;s election.
The city of Liverpool spent the weekend in mourning for one of its residents, Mr Ken Bigley, the British hostage who was beheaded in Iraq.
Siebel Systems wants to cut the costs of tending its software by teaching the programs to manage themselves.
MySQL developers turn to an unlikely source for database tool: Microsoft. Patch readies Linux for cell phones, DVD players. Also: SGI visualizes Linux.
Tender offer could be trimmed by a third, given PeopleSoft's business prospects, top Oracle exec Safra Catz tells a court.
MontaVista proposes a modification that could help boost the operating system for cell phones and GPS receivers.
Outages continue to plague Microsoft's online service since the weekend, possibly due to a virus using the service to spread.
Ten Internet phone providers are set to use its behemoth signaling network. Does the move take away business from the Bells?
Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
Storage vendors StorageTek and Adaptec this week will boost their offerings with products that further decentralize data and storage for branch and remote offices.
Alitalia has reached agreement with the Italian government on a 400m euro (275m) loan to aid the restructuring of the struggling airline.
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
but surely that term no longer exists if we are the opposition. After dismal displays against Slovenia and Norway at Hampden, we simply must win or face World Cup heartache.
 The Ravens score 14 points without their struggling offense taking the field Sunday night to rally past the punchless Redskins.
Survivors of a fatal fire on a Canadian submarine that was left drifting in the north Atlantic described yesterday how they thought they would suffocate in the choking fumes.
Britons are saving 57 billion a year too little to pay for the costs of retirement, a government-commissioned report is expected to warn today.
The Socceroos #39; chief crowd-puller Harry Kewell has been given the green light to play his first international on home soil in three years tonight.
A friend called and said Keith Miller had died peacefully. It was one of the few times he did anything quietly. He was a vigorous and mettlesome man who loved a yarn.
Istanbul's largest synagogue reopens amid tight security, 11 months after being  damaged in a suicide bomb attack.
US stocks gained on optimism that third-quarter earnings this week from companies including Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp.
US stocks gained on optimism that third-quarter earnings this week from companies including Citigroup Inc. and Intel Corp. will top analysts #39; estimates.
A host of companies led by Microsoft and Intel has revised and released a specification for making sure computer systems have a common way to communicate.
The contest many baseball fans wanted to see is about to begin. The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees begin playing for the American League Championship Tuesday.
Alitalia reaches agreement with the Italian government about a 400m euro loan needed to fund a major restructuring of the business and to ensure its survival.
Computer Sciences Corporation has won a ten-year, \$1.35 billion contract to manage telephone and computer networks for Ascension Health, the largest nonprofit health care system in the US 
KABUL, Afghanistan One person is reported dead after at least three rockets slammed into an area of the Afghan capital of Kabul near the US Embassy.
Alitalia SpA has signed an agreement for a euro400 million (US\$496 million) bridge loan, the struggling Italian airline said Monday.
Technology which could help produce a nuclear bomb has gone missing in Iraq since the invasion, the UN warns.
Millions of Britons face retirement poverty unless they work longer or save more to plug a 57bn shortfall, a government-inspired report is due to say.
MELBOURNE: Global shopping mall owner Westfield Group will team up with Australian developer Multiplex Group to bid 585mil (US\$1.
US stocks advanced slightly on Monday as investors were optimistic that corporate earnings reports may exceed expectations, but oil at a fresh record near \$54 a barrel curbed gains.
Wide receiver Tim Carter of the New York Giants will miss the remainder of the season because of a hip injury. Carter suffered a fractured hip socket during the third quarter 
SEOUL LG.Philips LCD said Monday that third-quarter net profit fell 15 percent as prices for flat screens for televisions and computers declined.
AP - Repairs were underway Monday at PayPal as the widely used online payment service struggled to get customers back on track after several days of "intermittent" outages.
Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK The Union Leader's Web site crashed this morning after Garry Trudeau put its URL in today's "Doonesbury."
InfoWorld - Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.
AP - The African elephant got a new line of defense against poachers Monday after a global wildlife conference approved measures aimed at wiping out the continent's illegal ivory trade.
SPACE.com - Russian space researchers will lock six men in a metal tube for more than year in an effort to mimic the stresses and challenges of a manned mission to Mars.
Reuters - With a threatened boycott its historic\presidential election firmly relegated to the background,\Afghanistan took first steps on Tuesday to begin counting\votes.
Tokyo stocks fell Monday morning as investors took profits from recent gains. The US dollar was weaker against the Japanese yen and the euro.
PeopleSoft's profit may drop "significantly" this year, according to testimony by an Oracle executive.
Elliott Bernerd has agreed to walk away from the property empire he built over two decades for about 65m cash after falling out with his billionaire business partners.
Hugo Chavez, the president of Venezuela caricatured in the mask above, is raising taxes on oil companies in the Orinoco Belt from 1pc to 16.
BRITAIN cannot wait any longer for the government to take radical action to resolve the countrys growing pensions crisis, ministers were warned last night.
Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software company, is planning to launch 2005 version of their Media Center software program on Oct. 12.
Is Apple Computer Inc. AAPL.O fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
New threats to Unix users include a widely used software development aid known as concurrent version control, according to the latest annual Sans Top 20 vulnerability report.
RAWALPINDI (Pakistan): Sri Lanka qualified for the final of a three-nation one-day tournament yesterday after their match with Zimbabwe was called off due to overnight rain.
AP - Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once.
Reuters - Is Apple Computer Inc. \fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more\storage and a color screen to display photos?
AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Thefts of British birds' eggs reached a record low in 2003, according to a report from the RSPB.
The Egyptian minister of religion decided that one official call to prayer would be broadcast live and carried by all of Cairo's mosques. Many of the faithful objected.
Big Blue is set to announce new disk storage products Tuesday, as it fights to regain market share in data storage gear.
NBA franchise owner Mark Cuban nixes plans to let Dallas Mavericks ticket-holders get Wi-Fi access from their seats.
J Sainsbury, the deeply troubled supermarket group, yesterday gave its third profits warning since March, and some analysts fear that a fourth could arrive as early as next Tuesday.
Verizon Wireless, the largest US wireless company, will expand its high-speed data service to 16 markets by the end of the year, the chairman of Verizon Communications Inc.
LONDON: A judge threw out all charges yesterday against three men accused of blackmailing teenage soccer star Wayne Rooney #39;s agent.
Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
in a move which astonished his employers - as he believed that his own anxiety was spreading through the dressing room during the team #39;s poor start to the season.
After five days at sea in the dark and aboard a dead submarine, the crew of the HMCS Chicoutimi is telling tales of heroism and fear.
Visiting French President Jacques Chirac yesterday pushed for stronger economic and political ties with China, emphasizing mutual respect and equality in foreign relations in his speech at Tongji University in Shanghai.
Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and improved support for mobile devices.
The Red Sox will make one roster change for the start of the American League Championship Series, adding a veteran reliever in Ramiro Mendoza who is no stranger to postseason 
The agent of Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney has been accused of misleading a court as charges were dropped against three men accused of blackmailing him.
AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards called Monday for tighter restrictions on the sale of nonprescription cold medicines that could be used to make methamphetamine.
Millions face poverty in old age without radical reforms, analysts expect a politically sensitive report on Britain #39;s creaking pensions system to say today.
David Beckham has admitted the foul on Ben Thatcher which earned him a yellow card in England #39;s World Cup qualifying win over Wales was premeditated.
Deep in thought, almost certainly unrelated to the task in hand, Keith Miller once led 12 men on to the field for New South Wales.
An autopsy was performed on Ken Caminiti on Monday, though the cause of the 1996 National League M.V.P.'s death may not be known for 10 days.
As the price of energy resumes its upward march, ordinary Americans are getting in their pocketbooks.
The EU has ended 11 years of sanctions against Libya and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates on Tuesday will take center stage at Los Angeles #39; Shrine Auditorium, home of the Emmy Awards, to herald his vision for the next big thing in computing.
AP - Despite a federal rule changing the type of hooks that longline fishermen may use, the sea turtle population is declining, officials say.
AP - A robot helped police nab a murder suspect who had eluded Westomoreland County authorities for three months.
After nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the Senate passed a \$137 billion corporate tax bill on Monday that gave something to almost everyone.
People using Microsoft instant messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.
INDIANAPOLIS - Aaron Peirsol of the United States lowered his own world record in the 200-meter backstroke at the Short Course World Championships on Monday night.
The Governments chief scientist will today highlight the need for action in combating global warning amid reports the main greenhouse gas is rising sharply.
Television has been something of a great white whale for Microsoft. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TVs and cable boxes.
Australian hockey officials have defended their decision to withdraw the Kookaburras from December #39;s prestigious Champions Trophy tournament in Pakistan.
Spanish giants Real Madrid on Monday played down the seriousness of midfielder David Beckham #39;s rib injury and said that the England skipper could play this weekend.
Bob Melvin spoke to the Arizona Diamondbacks about becoming the team #39;s manager on Monday, joining Mark Grace and Al Pedrique as candidates interviewed for the job.
LONDON, England -- A US scientist is reported to have observed a surprising jump in the amount of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas.
Afghanistan #39;s election crisis seemed to be over yesterday when the main opposition challenger, Yunus Qanooni, withdrew his threat to boycott the result.
AP - Two congressional Republicans who blame the federal government for meager education funding in the West said Monday they want to tax the federal government's vast landholdings across 12 Western states.
The move sends President Bush a 650-page measure that reduces taxes for domestic manufacturers, builders and even Hollywood studios and doles out scores of tax breaks for interests groups.
Boeing Co. still expects to receive a contract to build 100 refueling planes for the Air Force, chief executive Harry C. Stonecipher said Monday.
SunTrust Banks Inc. will restate its earnings for the first two quarters of the year after discovering errors in how it sets aside money to cover problem loans.
In the recent annals of corporate fraud, the names Enron, Tyco and WorldCom ring the loudest.
With just eight years to go, Steve Derebey had been eyeing his mandatory retirement age with something close to relief.
A human rights group accuses the US of holding al-Qaeda suspects at secret locations in violation of legal norms.
The issue of drug advertising directly aimed at consumers is becoming political.
Prime Minister Tony Blair was urged today to use Britains upcoming presidency of the G8 to broker a global agreement to cancel poor countries debt and double spending on aid.
The college football world is starting to realize how many difference makers Michigan boasts in its offense because true freshman quarterback Chad Henne has figured out how to lock onto multiple targets.
Reuters - Smashing stereotypes forged over\centuries and bearing the burden of being an inspiration to a\billion compatriots is a mighty tall order.
 KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan was preparing on Tuesday to  count votes after rivals of President Hamid Karzai said they  had withdrawn their rejection of the weekend presidential poll.
Aaron Polanco's ability to run Navy's option offense will be the key to the Mids' attempt to defeat Notre Dame for the first time in 40 tries this Saturday.
With longtime captain Claudio Reyna sidelined with a thigh injury, Coach Bruce Arena feels comfortable tapping 22-year-old phenom Landon Donovan to captain the U.S. squad.
With few top-shelf teams this season, several factors are contributing to a shortage of quality, well-played NFL games.
Tim Carter, the New York Giants' best deep-threat wide receiver, might miss the rest of the season with a hip injury.
Chargers Coach Marty Schottenheimer lashes out at his news conference at Jacksonville center Brad Meester for what he believes was a cheap shot on Chargers nose tackle Jamal Williams.
Reuters - Southeast Asia announced on Monday its\first coordinated effort against the multi-billion dollar\illegal wildlife trade, drawing praise from conservationists\despite giving no timetable for the plan.
SunTrust Banks Inc. will restate its earnings for the first two quarters of the year after discovering errors in how it sets aside money to cover problem loans.
Mobile Digital Media (MDM) in introducing new mobile travel solutions offered on a CD-ROM for Palm OS, Windows Mobile and Nokia Series 60 mobile phones.
BANGKOK - A UN conference last week banned commercial trade in the rare Irrawaddy dolphin, a move environmentalists said was needed to save the threatened species.
Silicon Graphics Inc. announced that it will ship a new Intel Itanium-based Linux workstation that the company says is the most powerful of its kind in the world.
The first fight of the 2004 season between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox did not occur on a warm, pleasant April day at Fenway Park.
AP - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards and the Tennessee Titans stormed to a 34-13 lead over the stumbling Green Bay Packers after three quarters on Monday night.
People using Microsoft #39;s instant-messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.
Southeast Asia announced on Monday its first coordinated effort against the multi-billion dollar illegal wildlife trade, drawing praise from conservationists despite giving no timetable for the plan.
Ken Caminiti, the National League #39;s most valuable player in 1996 who later admitted using steroids during his major-league baseball career, died Sunday.
After leading the majors with 105 regular-season victories, the St. Louis Cardinals entered the playoffs expecting to win the World Series.
With Israeli rescue workers gone, the Egyptian military closed off the scene of a luxury hotel bombing that targeted Israeli tourists to clear more debris yesterday and collect evidence for investigators tracing the explosives and vehicles.
Keith Miller, who died yesterday in Melbourne at the age of 84, was the most charismatic Australian cricketer of his generation, with film-star looks and talent to envy.
Judge Hillary Squires will today rule whether E-tv can broadcast the Schabir Shaik fraud and corruption trial live from the Durban High Court.
AFP - French retail giant Carrefour SA has denied a press report it is planning to sell its operations in Japan.
Tokyo stocks plunged Tuesday morning on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average was down 121.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Olympic field hockey champion Australia pulled out of a December tournament in Pakistan because of security fears.
AP - 1916  #151; The Boston Red Sox won the World Series in five games with a 4-1 victory over the Brooklyn Dodgers. Ernie Shore pitched a three-hitter for Boston.
Carlos Beltran drives in five runs to carry the Astros to a 12-3 rout of the Braves in Game 5 of their first-round NL playoff series.
After nearly three years of jockeying by legions of business groups, the Senate passed a \$137 billion corporate tax bill on Monday that gave something to almost everyone.
As drug advertising aimed directly at consumers becomes more widespread and controversial, the issue will likely have political implications.
There are some indications that frustration over higher heating bills may spill over into the political arena in November.
The Internet is a lonelier place for users of PayPal and MSN Instant Messenger, thanks to a software glitch and a suspected virus.
Big rewards should come from big investments, said Ivan Seidenberg, Verizon #39;s CEO, in a keynote speech at TELECOM 04 in Las Vegas.
NEW YORK - It #39;s difficult to separate the fear and loathing from the glee and anticipation in this City of Babe Ruth #39;s Curse.
EMC has made its biggest push to date into the fast growing small and midsize business market with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a suppler of backup and recovery software.
Foreign ministers extended an EU-wide travel ban on high-ranking Burmese officers after finding the military leadership had failed to improve its human rights record.
AP - It was billionaire Paul Allen's  #36;20 million that allowed Burt Rutan to build SpaceShipOne, the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space.
Today scientists observe volcanoes from much greater distances and can send data across the Internet to scientists around the world.
The movie and music industries have filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to overturn a federal appeals court decision that favored makers of file-sharing software.
An Oracle executive testified that she expected PeopleSofts earnings would continue to drop in the wake of Oracles hostile takeover bid.
New software helps corporate travel managers track down business travelers who overspend. But it also poses a dilemma for honest travelers who are only trying to save money.
Some television networks are racing to develop eye-catching score boxes. Fox, for example, now has fire coming out of its baseball scores.
A day before Boston and New York started the American League Championship Series, Major League Baseball recalled a T-shirt it had sanctioned because it rubbed Red Sox fans the wrong way.
AFP - Dinosaurs were dying out before Earth was struck by an asteroid impact that is widely thought to have been responsible for their extinction, two scientists claim.
Pakistan successfully test-fired Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its defenses, a military statement said.
According to an observer, Curt Schilling walked into Yankee Stadium #39;s visiting clubhouse the same way he navigated Fenway Park the past few days: with a limp.
Brooke Hanson of Australia swims with Simone Weiler of Germany during the World Swimming Championships in Indianapolis. Photo: AFP.
Redskins coach Joe Gibbs, center, looks onto the field while officials review an apparent fumble by quarterback Mark Brunell during the third quarter against the Baltimore Ravens.
NEW YORK  Just when it seemed that reality television was set to take over the dial, scripted shows have come roaring back - at least for now.
Even through a television set 3,000 miles away, the eyes revealed it: Something burned deep inside Ken Caminiti, a fire that ultimately consumed him.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - San Francisco 49ers linebacker Julian Peterson will undergo season-ending surgery Tuesday on his torn left Achilles #39; tendon.
WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--The Australian Competition Tribunal Tuesday approved plans for a proposed alliance between Air New Zealand Ltd.
One out of every four working American families earns wages so low they struggle to survive financially, according to a report due out today.
As humanity #39;s continuous presence in space begins its fifth year aboard the International Space Station, the next inhabitants rocket into Earth orbit late Wednesday for a six-month expedition.
A UN conference gave tiny Swaziland the green light on Tuesday to export some of its white rhinos and bring in trophy hunters occasionally to shoot the massive animals.
(Oct. 11) -- Chrysler is recalling nearly 1 million minivans because an electrical problem could cause the driver #39;s side air bag to fail.
Mass suicide is suspected after Japanese police find seven people dead in a van in mountains near Tokyo.
SpaceShipOne's pilot received a new honor: commercial astronaut wings awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration for those who fly more than 50 miles above Earth.
Tom Scheffler gets the same reaction whenever he takes consumers to an Internet cafe to show them a different kind of phone service.
BROOKE HANSON joined illustrious company at Indianapolis today with her sixth W quot;orld Short Course Swim Championships gold medal.
AP - On the road, with a comfortable lead, playing in fresh air, on natural grass, watching their defense being picked apart down the stretch.
Two separate official investigations are under way into the fatal shooting of a 13-year-old girl in Gaza by the Israeli Army after soldiers testified that their company commander 
Saudi Arabian authorities say the security forces have shot dead three suspected militants in the capital, Riyadh.
The United Auto Workers and Axle Alliance Co., a DaimlerChrysler AG subsidiary that makes parts for commercial trucks, announced a new labor contract Monday that paves the 
com October 11, 2004, 11:16 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
It happens all the time in hockey, football and basketball, and maybe it will catch on in baseball, too, after players from both teams exchanged handshakes Sunday after the St.
When Gabrielle Wentworth was heading toward a new life in Seattle, she knew the job situation was tight, even for college graduates.
It might not have been Reggie Miller #39;s last minute heroics, but it still gave the crowd in Worthen Arena something to cheer about.
The United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, has expressed concerns that materials and equipment from Saddam Hussein #39;s former nuclear programme in Iraq have vanished without trace.
Indian software group Infosys turns in a 50 jump in profits as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
World oil prices scaled record peaks last night, rising on concern over disruptions to supply from strike-hit producers Nigeria and Norway.
The US complaint at the World Trade Organization over loans by European governments to European rival Airbus isn #39;t driven by election politics, Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.
LOS ANGELES -- Computer companies have been trying for several years to convince consumers that their next PC should also be their hub for home entertainment.
Those who #39;ve been around the Internet for a few years probably remember trying out PC-based telephony solutions that rarely connected, and when they did, sounded like bad CB 
The Astros #39; 12-3 victory Monday night in Game 5 of the National League Division Series marked the third consecutive season that the Braves have lost the deciding playoff game at home.
AP - Another round of playoffs is giving Scott Rolen a chance to get his timing back.
Employment growth in Washington state #39;s biopharmaceutical industry is expected to slow in the next decade, according to a Milken Institute report that will be released today.
By request from the United States, British authorities shut down 20 independent media Web sites without explanation, The Guardian reported Monday.
Microsoft is behind schedule in complying with a court order to document its proprietary communications protocols, according to US authorities monitoring its behavior.
With no Australian reporters covering the World Swimming Championships, Ian Hanson has been responsible for reporting all the news from Indianapolis.
Ken Caminiti, a former National Baseball League most valuable player who in 2002 admitted he used steroids, has died in New York at the age of 41.
In an alarming development, high-precision equipment and materials which could be used for making nuclear bombs have disappeared from some Iraqi facilities, the United Nations watchdog agency has said.
For Marie Davenport, a 29-year-old Providence College graduate from Ireland, yesterday's Tufts Health Plan 10K for Women was just a warmup.
Another round of playoffs is giving Scott Rolen a chance to get his timing back.
Home in Panama following a terrifying accident that left two of his family members dead, Yankees star closer Mariano Rivera was absent from the club's early-afternoon workout at Yankee Stadium yesterday.
Mercyhurst coach Rick Gotkin believes in Atlantic Hockey. Four years ago when the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference was born, Mercyhurst was simply the cream of the crop.
Things seem to be going New Hampshire's way. The Wildcats had a bye week and still moved up two places to No. 7 in the Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll.
More than a quarter of all working families in the United States, including 20 million children, are considered low-income or poor, an independent report said yesterday.
Microsoft #39;s attempt at a digital music distribution service  quot;falls just short quot; of Apple #39;s iTunes, says The Washington Post.
Former Sunderland and Leeds manager Howard Wilkinson has today been appointed temporary first-team coach of Leicester. Wilkinson, the one-time England caretaker coach and technical director, will work with 
It took a month longer than usual, but Mike Shanahan and his staff have found yet another player no one else wanted to execute Denver #39;s dominant running game.
Reuben Droughns stepped to the podium Sunday evening, surveyed the television cameras and a sea of reporters, then playfully hid from view.
TAMPA, Fla. - Chris Simms first NFL start lasted 19 plays, and it might be a while before he plays again for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The European Union ended 12 years of sanctions against Libya on Monday and eased an arms embargo to reward the country for giving up plans to develop weapons of mass destruction.
AFP - The Philippines' most influential Roman Catholic leader, Cardinal Jaime Sin, is in stable condition  but remains under intensive care after suffering a heart attack, his church says.
Union leaders in Nigeria vow to press on with a general strike despite government efforts to promote talks.
Tufts University graduate student Lindy Bumgarner says she does the work of an adjunct professor for half the pay.
Mourners in Indonesia and Australia commemorate those who died in the Bali bombings two years ago.
Furious Pakistani hockey officials have called for Olympic champion Australia to be punished for withdrawing from December #39;s Champions Trophy tournament in Lahore for security reasons.
The Socceroos will be without forward John Aloisi for Tuesday night #39;s Confederations Cup second-leg qualifier against the Solomon Islands in Sydney.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has test-fired an intermediate-range nuclear-capable missile able to hit targets deep inside rival neighbour India, the military announced.
Nuclear bomb- making equipment could end up in the hands of terrorists because of the chaos in Iraq, a United Nations watchdog has warned.
The final cost of modernising NHS IT systems could reach 31bn - five times the declared figure, a report says.
Detectives warn internet auction bidders to be wary of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.
Indian software group Infosys sees its profits jump 50 as more companies hire it to run their technical support services.
Over the next to years more than 1,100 jobs located in United Kingdom, will be shift to India, according to the Royal  amp; Sun Alliance plans.
Stocks drifted higher yesterday, brushing aside another record high for oil prices amid hopes the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports will override worries about a struggling economic recovery.
US casino giant Caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new Wembley Stadium in London, its first foray into Europe.
Unofficial results from Cameroon's presidential election point to a huge victory for incumbent Paul Biya.
Ten former Turkish hostages appear before media in Baghdad after being released by an Islamist group.
Fidelity Investments will close its fast-growing \$17.8 billion Diversified International fund to new purchasers at the close of business Oct. 25.
The Israeli Knesset last night dealt a staggering political blow to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, rejecting on a 53-44 vote his report on the 
Prime Minister John Howard attended a solemn commemoration today for victims of the nightclub bombings two years ago on Indonesias Bali island, which claimed the lives of 88 Australians.
I was complaining to Schabir Shaik in the courtyard of Durban #39;s High Court that, for once, a certain Sunday newspaper had got it right.
A spate of recent deaths has stirred fears of a broader outbreak among people and raised the possibility of a human pandemic.
In the years since Mount St. Helens last erupted, technology has completely revolutionized volcano science.
Okapi are phantasmagoric creatures that have inspired the work of Dr. Terese Hart, the director of the Wildlife Conservation Society in Congo.
What slips of the tongue say about a child's development.
The technology for human facial transplants exists, but ethicists are worried about using it.
EBay #39;s online payment service PayPal has suffered intermittent glitches since late last week, locking some users out of their accounts for long stretches and making 
Beating its own and market expectations, software major Infosys Technologies on Tuesday reported a 48.64 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 447.
British workers will have to save more and retire later to make up for a looming gap in pension savings, said the author of an official report being released Tuesday.
On the eve of the AL Championship Series, Major League Baseball recalled a T-shirt it had previously sanctioned because it rubbed Red Sox fans the wrong way, according to the Associated Press.
England captain David Beckham revealed on Tuesday he deliberately got himself suspended for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying game against Azerbaijan because he knew he would miss the game with a broken rib.
Some Macworld Online readers have experienced problems using the UK iTunes Music Store in recent days. Letters received by Macworld confirm multiple instances in which users trying to access 
Sri Lanka have virtually secured their place in the final of the Paktel Cup against Pakistan after easing to a comfortable seven-wicket victory over Zimbabwe on Saturday.
Islamabad - Pakistan test-fired an intermediate-range, nuclear capable ballistic missile on Tuesday as part of its efforts to boost defences against nuclear rival India in spite of recent peace talks.
Mass suicide is suspected after Japanese police find nine bodies in two groups near Tokyo.
The UK's inflation rate fell in September, thanks in part to a fall in the price of airfares, increasing the chance that interest rates will be kept on hold.
The slow rise in the price of clothing and footwear on the high street has once again helped to keep inflation under control in the UK.
The bank cites errors, puts two top executives on leave and delays its third-quarter report. By JOHN HIELSCHER. SunTrust Banks Inc.
Marks  amp; Spencer, reporting its fourth straight quarter of falling sales, says food sales slipped slightly in the last two weeks of September but clothing was steady.
GREEN BAY, Wis. - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards as the Tennessee Titans beat the stumbling Green Bay Packers 48-27 on Monday night.
Residents of Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district slowly began to turn in weapons yesterday, the first step in a process that US and Iraqi officials hope 
The outgoing Indonesian President's unwillingness to accept defeat has held up a peaceful transition
US and Iraqi forces raid mosques in Ramadi, after an overnight air strike on a popular restaurant in Falluja.
LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Las Vegas took one more high-stepping kick across the pond on Tuesday as casino operator Caesars Entertainment Inc.
Oil prices shot up yesterday to their fifth straight 21-year high, as hurricane damage closed a key oil shipping port in Louisiana.
A US judge has ruled that Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is not entitled to trial documents that the company said might help it prove its European Commission antitrust complaint against Intel.
US authorities have shut down 20 independent news websites run by the Independent Media Center (Indymedia) and seized two UK-based web servers.
Pakistan test-fired on Tuesday a medium-range ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads, part of the countrys efforts to enforce its defence, a military statement said.
Local residents arrive to examine a destroyed building in the center of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, Iraq, Tuesday morning, Oct. 12, 2004 following an US air strike.
A CAR suicide bomber attacked an American convoy in the north Iraqi city of Mosul yesterday, killing one US soldier and twoIraqis.
Equipment and materials that could be used to make nuclear weapons have disappeared from Iraq, the chief of the UN #39;s atomic watchdog agency has warned.
Turkey #39;s foreign minister confirms ten Turkish hostages, who have been freed by kidnappers, are now in the Turkish embassy in Baghdad.
AFP - Royal Dutch/Shell plans to auction off its liquefied petroleum gas business, which is valued at more than one billion pounds.
&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Miraculous clarity arouses suspicion
Philips, Europe's largest maker of consumer electronics, is cautious about earnings growth despite reporting a profit in the third quarter.
Is Apple fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 more storage and a color screen to display photos? The Internet sites that follow Apple #39;s coming product 
Carlos Beltran, Jeff Bagwell and the Astros slugged their way into the postseason record book at Turner Field on Monday night. Powering the Astros to their first-ever postseason 
Scottish Football Association chief executive David Taylor has again insisted that Berti Vogts #39; job is secure, for the immediate future at least.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has launched new efforts to widen his shaky coalition after a stinging setback in parliament that complicated his plan to withdraw from some occupied territory.
Insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance (RSA) is set to send over 1,000 jobs to India to cut costs and offer the company greater operational flexibility.
Looking to gain a foothold in the potentially lucrative British gambling market, Caesars Entertainment Inc. has announced plans to construct a Las Vegas-style hotel-casino in London.
US pharmaceuticals company Abbott Laboratories has announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire US nutrition company EAS.
Striving to reignite interest in Windows XP, Microsoft plans to unveil the latest version of its Windows XP Media Center Edition operating system today.
The US Supreme Court has been asked to hold two internet file-sharing services responsible for their customers #39; online swapping of copyrighted songs and movies.
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems will publish a specification to use web services for managing a broad range of IT systems including PCs and devices on a network.
New York- The Yankees and Red Sox have been there and done that. They #39;re about to do it again tonight in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series.
 quot;I spoke to Howard about helping Leicester out and he #39;s accepted that situation, quot; Bassett said in an interview with Sky News.
The Seattle Storm has defeated the Connecticut Sun 67-65 to force a decisive third game in the Women #39;s National Basketball Association Finals.
Libya achieved Monday a new major political victory by the EU decision fully and finally lifting the embargo on selling and exporting weapons to Libya imposed since 1986.
Put off by the idea of wearing jackets made from dead animal skins, a team of Australian researchers attempts to grow a stitchless coat from live cells. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year as they were in 2000 could cause Election Day problems.
The Russian government plans to push through a partial sale of oil giant Yukos in order to cover the firm's tax bill, it is reported.
SHANGHAI, China The Houston Rockets have arrived in Shanghai with hometown favorite Yao Ming declaring himself  quot;here on business.
A translator employed by San Diego #39;s Titan Corp. was beheaded in Iraq yesterday by insurgents who also beheaded a Turkish contractor working at a US air base.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan told university students in Beijing Monday that China should play a bigger role in global development and world peace.
LONDON : World oil prices stormed above 54 US dollars for the first time Tuesday as strikes in Nigeria and Norway raised worries about possible supply shortages during the northern hemisphere winter.
The Holy Grail of Internet shopping is being able to go online, click a few times, and find the exact product or service you want at the best possible price.
Former England caretaker manager Howard Wilkinson has taken temporary charge of coaching English second division Leicester City after the resignation of Micky Adams.
UK insurance giant Royal  amp; Sun Alliance is to offshore some 1,200 back office and call center jobs to India over the next two years.
MOSCOW : Russia #39;s justice ministry announced plans to sell a part of the Yukos oil giant to cover the company #39;s outstanding back taxes.
UNITED NATIONS - The United Nations #39; nuclear agency says it is concerned about the disappearance of equipment and materials from Iraq that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
The man at the center of the nation #39;s first spyware case - businessman notorious for his junk Internet mailings  -s federal regulators were politically 
THE CHINESE government, while ignoring web calls to clean up corruption of officials, is offering rewards to people who shop web porn makers.
Chris Brown rushed for 148 yards and two touchdowns as the Tennessee Titans ended a run of three defeats by powering to a 48-27 victory over the struggling Green Bay Packers.
Smarting from their defeat to Slovenia, Italy face Belarus on Wednesday in Parma knowing they can ill-afford to let their World Cup qualifying campaign get further off track.
Houston Rockets #39; Yao Ming answers a question from journalists during a press conference for the NBA China 2004 game Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004 in Shanghai, China.
Mourners in Indonesia, Australia and around the world have been remembering those who died in the Bali nightclub bombings exactly two years ago.
Southern California and Oklahoma finished 1-2 in the final B.C.S. standing and will play for the national title in the Orange Bowl on Jan. 4.
Mobile phone signals will be jammed in French cinemas and theatres to prevent audience disturbance.
AP - The Israeli army believes that al-Qaida carried out three car bombings in Egypt last week that killed at least 34 people, Israel's military chief said Tuesday.
Japan's proposal to resume commercial hunting of minke whales is rejected by\the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species.
Ghana's Lake Bosumtwi holds clues to Africa's climate past - and a massive space impact.
Deutsche Telekom is offering to buy back shares in its internet subsidiary in a bid to strengthen its ability to provide bundled voice, data and video services.
Several London-based servers of an alternative media network have been seized by the FBI in an operation, rumoured to be related to recent requests to remove photos posted on a web site.
Johannesburg, 12 October 2004 - International consumer law enforcers from 29 countries were yesterday urged to work together to combat the growing threat of spam.
Microsoft is behind schedule in complying with a court order to document its proprietary communications protocols, according to US authorities monitoring its behaviour.
A cold October wind chilled Yankee Stadium Monday afternoon, ushering in autumn while the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox practiced.
The Argos beat the BC Lions 22-16, principally by containing Casey Printers, the hottest quarterback in the league, in front of an announced crowd of 25,212.
And there #39;s plenty of joy in Mudville now that the Edmonton Eskimos have snapped a three-game losing skid and are playing .500 football again.
Wales manager Mark Hughes today refused to condemn David Beckham after the England captain admitted he deliberately got himself booked during Saturdays clash with Ben Thatcher at Old Trafford.
Iraqi policeman and National Guard members check weapons handed in to the al-Nasr police station in Sadr City, Baghdad, Iraq, October 11.
Turkey #39;s Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul told reporters in Ankara that the men arrived in Baghdad Tuesday, and that their families have been informed of their release.
Reuters - Merrill Lynch   Co.  on Tuesday\said third-quarter profit fell 8 percent, hurt by reduced\investment banking and trading.
Reuters - Diversified health-care company\Johnson   Johnson  on Tuesday said its quarterly profit\rose on higher sales of prescription drugs and medical devices.
EUGENE, Ore. - The signs marking High Street have become a hot commodity and coveted dorm room decoration in these parts...
Hurricanes that closed a number of airports in the United States last month did little to trim the growing numbers of air travelers to Britain, the country #39;s airports operator said Tuesday.
China has been going in for various substantial efforts to rescue the two engineers, who were kidnapped in Pakistan, Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhang Qiyue tolda regular press conference here Tuesday.
Detectives warn internet auction bidders to be wary of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.
The price for North Sea oil of Brent quality was Monday sold for US\$ 50 a barrel for the first time ever, and on Tuesday it peaked at US\$ 51.
TORONTO (CP) - With world oil prices hitting a record high above \$54 US a barrel, early indicators were sharply negative for North American stock markets Tuesday.
Amkor Technology Inc. said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission began an informal inquiry into trading of the company #39;s securities.
Nobody can say billionaires aren #39;t competitive: First Richard Branson announces he #39;s going up against Paul Allen in consumer space travel.
Congress gave final approval Monday to a 10-year, \$136 billion package of business tax breaks that represents the biggest change in the corporate tax code in two decades 
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
When Scott Drummond created one of the biggest shocks of the European golfing year by winning the Volvo PGA Championship at Wentworth in May, he spent the week sleeping in a Travelodge.
The United Nations #39; chief nuclear inspector says satellite imagery shows nuclear-related equipment is vanishing from Iraq. In a letter to the UN Security Council 
Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul said Tuesday that 10 Turkish workers who were released after they had been taken hostage in Iraq were now at the Turkish embassyin Baghdad.
Reuters - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Tuesday\amid a relentless rise in oil costs that hinted at a slowdown\in consumer spending in the coming holiday season.
AP - County Mayor Nancy Workman, facing criminal charges of misspending taxpayer money, announced she was withdrawing from the Nov. 2 election.
Israel's PM steps up efforts to rebuild his coalition after suffering a setback in parliament over his Gaza plan.
The new all-time high was fueled by continuing worries over supply in Nigeria and reduced output in the hurricane-hobbled Gulf of Mexico.
In a city that prides itself on a drastic reduction in homicides since 1990, a triple homicide has driven home the sudden rise in killings.
Iraqi soldiers and US troops Tuesday targeted seven mosques in Ramadi in a bid to roust insurgents and their weaponry, CNN reported.
With a weak back-to-school season behind them, US retailers are focused on the holidays and what steps they need to take to get consumers excited about shopping again.
Japanese police have found the bodies of seven young people - three women and four men - in a van in the Saitama mountains to the west of Tokyo.
The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.
Financial services company State Street Corp. (STT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly profit fell more than Wall Street had expected as foreign 
M amp;T Bank Corp. said Tuesday that its profit jumped 19 percent for the quarter ended Sept. 30, helped by a slight rise in interest income and loans during the period.
IBM sought to beef up its software tools portfolio on Tuesday, announcing plans to acquire Systemcorp, a privately held maker of project management applications.
Virgin Electronics announced Tuesday its own portable digital music player weighing less than the Apple iPod mini with an additional 1 gigabyte of storage space.
A group representing business travelers was expected to ask the US Congress on Tuesday to draft plans in the event that several major airlines are forced to liquidate.
Air New Zealand said on Tuesday the Australian Competition Tribunal had approved a proposed alliance with Australia #39;s Qantas, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
PeopleSoft Inc. said Tuesday it is extending a money-back guarantee program that it says is designed to protect customers in the event of a takeover by its rival software maker Oracle Corp.
(Washington-AP) Oct. 12, 2004 - Dell is recalling nearly a million AC adapters used with notebook computers because they can overheat and cause a fire and electrical shock.
BEA Systems is readying the release of new software that will combine an enterprise service bus (ESB) and Web services management software into one product, a company executive said Friday.
com October 11, 2004, 3:34 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Howard Wilkinson will take temporary charge of Leicester City after manager Micky Adams #39; decision to quit, the Foxes announced Tuesday.
LAHORE: Australia has officially pulled out of the Champions Trophy hockey tournament being played here from December 4-12 on security fears.
The Tennessee Titans rolled to a crushing 48-27 win over Green Bay Monday, and handed the slumping Packers their fourth straight loss of the National Football League season.
CHENNAI, Oct 12: Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar was unlikely to play the second Test against Australia, coach John Wright said here on Tuesday.
KETTERING, Ohio Oct. 12, 2004 - Cincinnati Bengals defensive end Justin Smith pleaded not guilty to a driving under the influence charge.
Portugal playmaker Deco and winger Simao Sabrosa will be fit for Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Russia after recovering from knocks suffered against Liechtenstein last Saturday.
Minardi team boss, Paul Stoddart, will be auctioning not only F1 memorabilia, but also equipment used by his UK Research and Development team.
US forces stepped up operations Tuesday across a wide swath of the Sunni insurgent strongholds northwest of the capital, pounding targets 
Families of the 202 victims who died in the bombings of two nightclubs in Bali have marked the second anniversary of the attacks with emotional ceremonies on the Indonesian resort island and in Australia.
Increases in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere have sparked concerns on how the planet is coping with greenhouse pollution. Scientists have detected record rises in carbon dioxide, the main 
Three suspected militants armed with guns and hand grenades have been killed in a clash with Saudi security forces, an Interior Ministry statement said today.
AFP - China's 100 richest people amassed a total of 30 billion US dollars, up 29 percent from last year, with an electronics retailer topping a rich list released.
Hard hit by four hurricanes, Florida citrus growers will produce 27 percent fewer oranges this season -- the least in 11 years, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.
Share prices in Sydney are boosted by hopes of a fresh round of economic liberalisation, following the re-election of Australian prime minister John Howard.
US casino giant Caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new Wembley Stadium in London, its first foray into Europe.
Some 50,000 Africans in 28 countries give their verdict on how they are governed in a United Nations survey.
The breakaway republic of Somaliland says it will retaliate if Somalia's new president poses a threat to its border.
Shopping around shopping guides shows a new level of sophistication to buying online, a report suggests.
Scientists have developed a speedy way to monitor the effectiveness of cholesterol-reducing statin drugs.
There are no official gauges of the sex industry, but if the Manhattan Yellow Pages is any guide, it is thriving.
Some of YUKOSs assets will be sold through the Russian Federal Property Fund, the Justice Ministrys Main Department in Moscow said on Tuesday.
The shift would in all probability save the company more than 10 million pounds a year. The jobs would range from front and back office functions, including call centre posts.
Sonic Automotive Inc. has lowered its earnings estimate for 2004 because of weather-related losses and a difficult market for new and used vehicle sales.
IT professionals could soon add the role of  quot;application configurator quot; to their job descriptions according to BEA Systems.
AUSTRALIA confirmed its berth in the Confederations Cup last night with a 6-0 win over the Solomon Islands at Sydney #39;s Aussie Stadium.
The European Union has been plunged into uncharted constitutional waters following parliamentary committee #39;s rejection of Italy #39;s nominee for European commissioner, Rocco Buttiglione.
US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says Iraqi security forces need equipment as well as training and anything NATO allies can do to support them will be helpful.
Trade in great white sharks would be restricted under a proposal adopted at a UN wildlife conference today, despite criticism that there is little evidence suggesting the fearsome ocean predators are threatened by commercial trade.
A ex-Bosnian Serb officer charged over the Srebrenica massacre calls on fugitives to turn themselves in.
THE German government has sold a 6.3 per cent stake in phone operator Deutsche Telekom, raising up to 3.1 billion to help cut its growing budget deficit.
News International is to move printing operations out of Wapping, east London as part of plans to invest more than 600 million in new plants.
OTTAWA (CP) - A robust housing market and higher prices for building materials, labour and land pushed up prices for new houses across the country in August, says Statistics Canada.
King Norodom Sihanouk said on Tuesday his decision to abdicate gave Cambodia a chance to choose a successor in his lifetime and thus avoid another bloodbath.
AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said that his security services still could not confirm who carried out last week's suicide bombings at two resorts in the Sinai peninsula.
Chiron today it received a grand jury subpoena requesting certain documents and materials related to its Fluvirin influenza vaccine.
The agreement between Proview and Motorola, signed last year, allowed Proview to develop TV sets and computer screens under the Motorola brand name.
The Wi-Fi Alliance appears to have lost patience with vendors who it feels have been jumping the gun by launching wireless products using standards that have not been ratified by the Alliance.
Tiger Woods and Elin Nordegren were married last week at a golf resort in Barbados. Strange ceremony. Twice, they had to stop the procession for a ruling by David Fay.
Justine Henin-Hardenne, the 2004 Australian Open and Olympics champion, will miss the rest of the season because of a blood disorder.
Italy must not just win- they must triumph- against Belarus on Wednesday in Parma in order to redeem their humiliating loss at Slovenia suffered last weekend.
The Big 12 wouldn #39;t fare well in a discussion about the best football conference in the nation, even though it might have the best team.
Pakistan on Tuesday conducted its fourth test this year of a nuclear-capable missile, test-firing the intermediate Ghauri missile which can hit targets deep inside rival neighbour India.
The battle of wills was hotting up tonight over the political fate of an Italian European Commissioner-designate who thinks homosexuality is a sin.
Japanese police are investigating two cases of suspected group suicide, after several people were found dead in parked cars outside the capital, Tokyo.
MANILA: The Philippines #39; most influential Roman Catholic leader, Cardinal Jaime Sin, is in stable condition but remains under intensive care after suffering a heart attack, his church says.
Returning to the courtroom Tuesday after a monthlong break, Slobodan Milosevic sounded a familiar refrain, asking the war crimes 
South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma has been linked to a multimillion-dollar arms payoff at a trial in Johannesburg, the Times of London said Tuesday.
The EU cannot force Iran to give up its right to enrich uranium, Iran #39;s foreign minister says, apparently slamming the door on European Union efforts to halt the process 
Media conglomerate News Corp. said Tuesday that it will invest more than \$1 billion, or 600 million pounds, to build new printing plants for its British newspaper division News International Ltd.
Funner.A has no destructive properties, although it will make a nuisance of itself by sending a copy of itself as funny.exe to all contacts found in the application.
PayPal said functions of the service that enable buyer and seller to exchange shipping information and to process payments immediately upon closing a sale were also affected by the outage.
Microsoft #39;s online music store, known as MSN Music store, is being hailed as the most capable competitor to the iTunes Music Store of California #39;s Apple.
Formula One awaits news on Bernie Ecclestone #39;s draft calendar for 2005, which will be submitted to the FIA on Wednesday, 13 October.
After getting knocked around by a pair of South Division teams in its first two Big 12 football games, Iowa State welcomes a little Northern exposure this week.
AFP - German authorities extradited a leading Islamic extremist known as the Caliph of Cologne to Turkey, ending a protracted legal battle over his case.
AFP - French retail giant Carrefour warned that 2004 results would not meet its targets, as it reported weaker-than-expected sales for the third quarter.
AP - French President Jacques Chirac said Tuesday his country is "entirely committed" to taking part in an international conference on Iraq next month.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to record highs above  \$54 on Tuesday as supply hitches hindered efforts to build  winter heating fuel inventories.
Canadian bonds gained on concern that the North American economy may slow as higher prices of oil translate into greater transportation and production costs.
Cash-strapped US Airways of Virginia got a short-term fix from its lenders that could keep it airborne until January, the Wall Street Journal said Tuesday.
Reuters - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold\an international peace conference on the Middle East in London\early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.
Oil futures prices surpassed \$54 a barrel Tuesday on supply concerns in Nigeria and the Gulf of Mexico, where hurricane damage to pipelines and production platforms could curb output for months.
EMC Corp., the Hopkinton-based information storage and management giant, has acquired Dantz Development Corp. of California for just under \$50 million.
SAN FRANCISCO - Is Apple Computer Inc. fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?
Struggling German department store owner KarstadtQuelle says it must cut staff wages by up to 10 in an effort to avoid job cuts.
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
The rate of obesity in China has increased by 97 in 10 years, according to a government report.
Israeli troops shoot a Palestinian schoolgirl in Gaza as controversy rages over another girl's death last week.
The mortgage giant said today that prosecutors had asked the company to preserve documents as part of an investigation into Fannie Mae's accounting practices.
The wood furniture maker uses a niche strategy to work around industry problems.
Will Coinstar's diversification efforts damage its uniquely profitable business model?
Sleepy Spokane, Wash., has a secret: it's the wireless hot spot of the future
The court agreed to hear cases from Texas and Kentucky on displaying the Ten Commandments on government land and buildings.
For infoworkers on the move, the wireless Internet is popping up on planes, trains and automobiles
Eighty-six years after the Boston Red Sox last won the World Series, the franchise is again facing its rivals and its ghosts.
Both Bush and Kerry say no. But with America tied down in Iraq, military officials say they may need more troops to win the war -- and the next one
AP - Volcanic rock has flowed to the surface of Mount St. Helens' crater, creating a new lava dome after weeks of seismic activity, a geologist said Tuesday.
AP - The oxygen-depleted "dead zone" in the Gulf of Mexico, long a subject of scrutiny by scientists, is only now becoming less of a mystery.
AP - Tiny fireworks seem to go off inside the deep red stone as it turns, flashes of light reflecting off the facets of one of the world's largest rubies.
Reuters - An unexplained jump in greenhouse gases\since 2002 might herald a catastrophic acceleration of global\warming if it becomes a trend, scientists said on Monday.
The humanitarian agency, Oxfam, predicts that 45 million children will die in the next decade because rich countries have failed to meet their aid promises.
&lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; 30 off best-selling title
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots of lovely, warm, black shirts
US internet giant Google launches its shopping price comparison website Froogle in the UK.
Role-playing-game Fable fails to live up to hype that it would re-define the video game genre.
Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once.
Wildlife trade talks in Bangkok give Swaziland the green light to export some of its white rhinos and bring in trophy hunters to shoot them.
Oil prices surpassed \$54 a barrel Tuesday due to nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Plans call for a Linux-based platform that will be usable in multiple environments, including on PCs, servers and PDAs.
roundup Plus: Siebel moves toward self-repairing software...Monster says it could enter Japan by mid-2005...Novell to release Open Enterprise Server.
Company announces an extension of its customer assurance program, a contract clause offered to firms concerned about Oracle's hostile takeover bid.
Big Blue plans to beef up its Rational suite of development tools with technology it will gain through its acquisition of Systemcorp.
Big Blue aims to rapidly expand its application partner network with a more structured program for recruiting allies.
The Net's a lonelier place for users of PayPal and MSN Instant Messenger. Blame a software glitch and a suspected virus.
SanDisk releases first digital audio players as it looks to expand the market for flash memory.
New surveys credit Apple with overwhelming market share and brand recognition, but competitors may find success at low end of market.
Software giant aims to become a household fixture with its entertainment-oriented Media Center 2005.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Brand-name PC makers debut a host of new PCs that feature Microsoft's Media Center 2005 software.
Bill Gates unveils plans to make Media Center software the centerpiece of the digital home.
DVD burner from Sony does just fine without a PC. Also: Virgin goes head-to-head with the iPod Mini.
Company's new player offers 25 percent bigger hard drive and weighs less than the iPod Mini--for the same price.
Device can be connected to a camcorder or VCR for transferring taped footage directly to a DVD, without using a computer.
AP - In what regulators are calling a first, the government has asked for a court order to shut down a spyware operation.
AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday sidestepped a dispute over whether Internet providers can be forced to identify subscribers illegally swapping music and movies online.
Security researchers warned Monday of a new worm, dubbed "Funner," targeting Microsoft Corp.'s MSN Messenger IM (instant messaging) system.
Brazilian striker Cristiano de Lima Jr. died on Sunday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
IBM Corp. has agreed to buy Montreal software developer Systemcorp ALG for an undisclosed sum, the companies said Tuesday.
SonicWall Inc. is introducing a stand-alone content filtering appliance for businesses with between 50 and 1,000 users.
Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 supports DVD burning, HDTV, and more mobile devices.
Company is the latest to choose sides in the next-generation DVD format battle.
PARIS (AP) -- Watch a movie or make a mobile phone call. Soon, in France, you might not be able to do both at once...
Spyware, those annoying programs that snoop on a user's actions, remain a Windows-only phenomenon.\
MSN Messenger, Microsoft's instant message service, is back up and running this morning after a routine maintenance operation went wrong, rendering the service sporadically unavailable for three days.\
Virgin Electronics hopes its slim Virgin Player, which debuts today and is smaller than a deck of cards, will rise as a lead competitor to Apple's iPod.
AP - Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
The new IBM DS6000 and DS8000 data storage systems include aa massively scalable storage system and a compatible ultra-dense storage system.
The latest version of Apple #39;s iconic MP3 player will allow photo viewing and be released in 30 to 60 days with a price tag of \$499.
AP - The Athens Olympics broke global TV viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, IOC president Jacques Rogge said Tuesday.
AP - The Pirates unconditionally released right-handed pitcher Nelson Figueroa on Tuesday.
AP - Manchester United's largest fan group is launching a registration drive to stop U.S. businessman Malcolm Glazer from buying the Premier League club.
Barry Larkin will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year career with his hometown team, he told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
A car bomb explodes near the convoy of a Palestinian security chief, Moussa Arafat, reports from Gaza City say.
Voters are due to cast their ballots on Wednesday in key elections in the western Indian state of Maharashtra.
Stratasys, a maker of hot models, has more than good looks going for it.
If St. Jude Medical's stock went up, it's not because it's worth any more.
Three months ago, Gannett (NYSE: GCI) posted second-quarter numbers that helped confirm the belief that a long-awaited rebound in advertising spending was well underway.
The US today urged India to adhere to the principles of the Council of Europes convention on cyber crime for strengthening national laws in the areas of cyber-security.
Levi Strauss  amp; Co. swung to a quarterly profit on Tuesday, citing cost cuts and a weaker dollar as the struggling jeans maker closed out poor-performing products to 
com. The National League Championship Series between the Astros and Cardinals may not have the enmity of its American League counterpart.
A car bomb exploded near the convoy of a Palestinian security chief in the Gaza Strip as it left a security headquarters on Tuesday, witnesses said.
Oct. 12 - The Federal Trade Commission wants to shut down software that it says, hijacks computers without the owners #39; knowledge.
World number one Vijay Singh will face Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer in the first round of the World Match Play Championship at Wentworth on Thursday.
Barry Larkin tells The Associated Press he will not be offered another contract by the Cincinnati Reds, ending his 19-year tenure with his hometown team.
Helen of Troy drops due to lowered guidance, but that's not the only reason to shun this tarnished beauty.
As Notre Dame and Navy prepare to face one another Oct. 16, both squads reach the season #39;s midpoint in much better condition than they were one year ago.
Relatives of Assaf Grinvald attend his funeral service in the Israeli town of Ramat Hasaron, north of Tel Aviv, Monday, Oct. 11 2004.
Iron Mountain Inc. said Tuesday it will acquire Connected Corp. for \$117 million in cash in a merger of two Massachusetts-based record-keeping companies.
NEW YORK - Oil prices jumped to record highs above US\$54 on Tuesday as supply hitches hindered efforts to build northern hemisphere winter heating fuel inventories.
EMC scored a triple-play with the acquisition of Dantz Development, a small developer of data backup and restore software under the Retrospect brand.
Problems implementing a site redesign temporarily crippled some operations of Paypal the popular payment processing service. The performance problems, which began after a site update Thursday night, escalated 
The World Match Play Championship in England, which starts Thursday at Wentworth, has a roll call of champions that rivals any tournament.
San Francisco Giants slugger Barry Bonds, 40, underwent knee surgery Tuesday and is expected to recover fully by spring training next year.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. Oct. 12, 2004 - Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn is expected to start Saturday against Navy after sustaining a concussion in his last game.
LAGOS, Nigeria A union leader in Nigeria is threatening to prolong a four-day nationwide strike that has helped push world oil prices to record highs.
NewsFactor - Virgin Electronics, the consumer electronics arm of Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group, has announced an own brand digital music player.
NewsFactor - In a move to strengthen its software tools portfolio, IBM (NYSE: IBM) plans to buy Systemcorp, which develops project-management applications.
Booming sales of server and mobile-computing microprocessors push third-quarter revenue and net income beyond earlier guidance. By Darrell Dunn.
Federal regulators imposed a \$10 million penalty against an Alabama bank for alleged violations of rules barring money laundering.
WELLINGTON: National carrier Air New Zealand said yesterday the Australian Competition Tribunal has approved a proposed alliance with Qantas Airways Ltd, despite its rejection in New Zealand.
Dell announced today that it #39;s latest models, the Axim X50 series, comes with the just-released Windows Media Player 10 for Mobile.
In a bid to dethrone Apple Computer as the king of the online music market, Microsoft formally launched its own service Tuesday. Microsoft #39;s MSN Music service virtually mirrors 
Security researchers are warning of a new worm, dubbed  quot;Funner, quot; targeting Microsoft #39;s MSN Messenger instant messaging application.
JVC has joined the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA), the group responsible for promoting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format. The medium is being positioned as a successor 
Microsoft issues patches for holes that could allow remote attackers to gain control of your PC. Microsoft this week released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical 
LONDON - The world faces a surge in extreme weather events because of global warming and governments must act immediately to avert disaster, Britain #39;s chief scientist said yesterday.
PC World #39;s already had a chance to test Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005, which was announced today in a big to-do thrown by Microsoft in Los Angeles.
They symbolise two very different eras of English football, and yesterday the philosophies of David Beckham and Sir Geoff Hurst clashed in spectacular fashion when the 
At the beginning of this week the interim Iraqi government and US occupation forces were hoping to reach a peaceful solution to clashes that have continued for monthsin the 
The government #39;s claim that Iraq could fire chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes was formally withdrawn by the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, yesterday.
AP - Despite furious repair efforts, intermittent service outages at the online payment service PayPal continued Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, affecting payments, log-ins and account creations.
InfoWorld - IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named  #8220;Atlantic. #8221;
SAN JOSE, Calif. Despite repair efforts, service outages at the online payment service PayPal continue for the fifth consecutive day.
Effective December 3, IBM expects to carve out a bigger slice of the storage market, and two months prior to shipping, the initial prospects look very good for the channel.
THE US Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by the recording industry seeking to force internet service providers to turn over the names of subscribers suspected of music piracy.
LOS ANGELES -- Microsoft chairman Bill Gates presented his company #39;s vision of digital entertainment Tuesday, and the keyword was unified.
As part of its strategy to focus on travel and residential real estate, Cendant Corp. today said it plans to spin off its mortgage and fleet operations.
The world faces a surge in extreme weather events because of global warming and governments must act immediately to avert disaster, Britain #39;s chief scientist said on Tuesday.
Today at the Los Angeles Shrine Auditorium, Microsoft #39;s Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates laid out his vision of the future of multimedia.
Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
Two-time champion Uruguay continued to struggle in its quest to qualify for the 2006 World Cup on Tuesday, while Saudi Arabia maintained its unbeaten record in Asia.
The team has informed the 40-year-old shortstop it will not offer him another contract, effectively ending a 19-year relationship with the player.
French retail giant Carrefour is reported to be planning to sell its operations in Japan in a bid to generate cash amid continuing weak sales in Europe.
NEW YORK--IBM has introduced two new storage products that the company said provides customers with better performance at a lower cost.
Microsoft Corp. released 10 security fixes for various products Tuesday, including seven that fix flaws the company said pose the highest threat to users.
Microsoft officially launched the MSN Music Store today, marking the company #39;s entry into the online music download business. The company announced the service 
Barry Bonds underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and is expected to be at full strength when the San Francisco Giants open spring training in February.
Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Tennessee Titans wide receiver Tyrone Calico is expected to undergo surgery Thursday on his injured left knee.
A Pakistani rebel leader refused to meet a council of tribal elders trying to secure the release of two Chinese hostages held by his group.
Manila Archbishop Gaudencio Rosales yesterday urged Catholics to pray for the speedy recovery of Archbishop Emeritus of Manila Jaime Cardinal Sin, who suffered arrythmia or irregular 
The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System and three other heavyweight institutions are turning up the heat on The Walt Disney Co.
The world's largest chipmaker Intel sees profits rise 15 to 1.9bn thanks to strength in its personal computer business.
New violence in Darfur has driven some 200,000 more people from their homes, the UN reports from Sudan.
Iraq invites the UN nuclear watchdog to check on the disappearance of materials from its former nuclear sites.
The Internet media company's quarterly profit was boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of Overture Services.
Driven by demand for flash memory chips used in cell phones, Intel's profits rose as it struggled to overcome weak PC sales, growing inventory, product missteps and stiff competition.
The International Energy Agency said that higher petroleum prices would hurt economic growth around the world next year.
D K Healthcare Resources' stock surprises investors, but the drop brings a favorable valuation.
roundup Plus: Tibco scoops up software company...PeopleSoft extends customer assurance...Siebel moves toward self-repairing software.
The purchase of privately held General Interface puts middleware specialist Tibco in the software development tool market.
Software maker says it will defend customers' open-source packages as vigorously as it would defend its own products.
Olympic champion Nicolas Massu defeated Karol Kucera 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 at the CA Trophy tournament on Tuesday.
The traditional third-quarter bump is light for the chipmaker, as lower-than-expected PC sales offset flash memory gains.
Big Blue says its expected storage products will offer customers better performance at a lower cost.
Nvidia is supplying graphics drivers for Solaris-based workstations that use x86 chips such as Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron.
The goal now is to "guess what the criminals are going to attack," an exec says. Redmond will focus first on the critical flaws.
The Wi-Fi Alliance "strongly discourages" manufacturers from launching products using standards that haven't yet been approved.
To help bolster its presence in Europe, the proponent of a North American cell phone standard goes on a shopping spree.
Possibly launching a rival to Apple's iPod Mini, Dell is expected to unleash a number of consumer gadgets.
New iTunes ads airing during baseball games Tuesday will feature the advertising-shy Irish rockers.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Aon, the world #39;s second largest insurance broker, yesterday denied its brokers had ever steered business to favoured insurance companies as a way of generating bigger commissions.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.
Windows users need to prepare for 'patch Tuesday,' analyst says.
A coding error during routine upgrade maintenance at online payment Web site PayPal.com has created havoc for users, who have had only intermittent access to their accounts since Friday.
IBM said it plans to acquire software vendor Systemcorp for an undisclosed sum. The Montreal company makes project portfolio management software for helping companies manage IT projects.
Top executives of Verizon and Comcast called for less regulation of communications at the Telecom '04 trade show .
IBM is expanding its resources to help application software companies generate leads and close sales.
The 2005 Consumer Electronics Show scheduled for early January at the Las Vegas Convention Center is already sold out, and a major expansion is planned for 2006, the organizers said.
CSX Intermodal has about 500 independent truckers using RIM BlackBerry devices to report their progress in deliveries, get notices of changes in routes and more.
Australian dairy group National Foods says its shares are worth up to 22 more than a hostile \$A1.6 billion takeover offer by New Zealand dairy giant Fonterra.
IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named Atlantic.
Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company's software.
Microsoft issues patches for holes that could allow remote attackers to gain control of your PC.
Reuters - Biotechnology is meeting art in\Venezuela as scientists try to save the country's art treasures\from being ruined by its tropical insects, fungi and humidity.
The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
Many Canadian internet pharmacies supplying Amer-icans with cheap prescription drugs will be forced to close under new licensing restrictions proposed by regulators in the prairie province of Manitoba.
AP - A new  #36;58 million lab at Michigan State University will be a key to detecting diseases that start in animals but can be transmitted to people.
roundup Plus: Sun draws Nvidia graphics into Solaris...Tibco scoops up software company...PeopleSoft extends customer assurance.
Rupert Murdoch #39;s News International is to move its print presses out of the Wapping site that was the scene of an iconic battle with print workers in the 1980s.
AP - Oklahoma cornerback Antonio Perkins will miss three to four weeks with a knee injury, leaving the second-ranked Sooners without one of the best punt returners in the country.
When the Toronto Raptors visit Continental Arena on Monday, Jason Kidd is expected to be in the Nets' lineup for the first time this season.
A group pushing to bring minor league baseball to Charles County said Tuesday that it hopes to build a \$18 million stadium and put a team on the field in 2006.
Milwaukee Brewers right-hander Ben Sheets underwent surgery to repair a herniated disc in his lower back on Tuesday and is expected to be ready for spring training.
The Portland Trail Blazers suspended reserve forward Qyntel Woods without pay Tuesday pending a team investigation surrounding alleged dogfighting.
DESPITE furious repair efforts, intermittent service outages at the online payment service PayPal continued Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day, affecting payments, log-ins and account creations.
Some key US Airways Group Inc. lenders have agreed to extend the terms of their financing to mid-January, The Wall Street Journal reports.
The US Supreme Court passed on hearing an appeal from the Recording Industry Association of America, and let stand a lower court #39;s ruling that the RIAA must follow the guidelines of the 1998 
IBM is expanding the number of third-part companies that can tap into its ISV partner support programs. An automated application system makes it easier for application software vendors to take 
For the Red Sox to get past the Yankees, Pedro Martinez almost certainly will have to find a way to master the team he calls  quot;daddy.
GameNight: After winning the NLDS clincher on three days #39; rest, Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt looks ahead to the Cardinals #39; series.
Residents of the Sadr City slum in western Baghdad on Tuesday said they hoped an unofficial truce between a Shiite Muslim militia and US and Iraqi government 
The great white shark, traditionally seen as an avid consumer of human flesh, is to be protected from the people it terrifies, an international wildlife conference decided yesterday.
THE devastating terrorist attacks in the Egyptian resorts of the Sinai Peninsula last week which left more than 30 people dead - mainly Israeli tourists - have been widely attributed to Al-Qaeda.
AP - The head of a little-known city commission that granted an early jail release to an influential state senator has resigned under fire.
Dean Barker, the Emirates Team New Zealand skipper, received the Louis Vuitton Trophy for Act 2 of America #39;s Cup from the Mayor, Rita Barbera, yesterday.
With the announcement of the Player 5GB, Virgin Electronics has joined the growing list of vendors attempting to take some of Apple #39;s share of the digital music player market.
com October 12, 2004, 10:10 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Riding high with the No. 1 flick,  quot;Shark Tale, quot; DreamWorks is dividing up the riches among its Hollywood founders and investors.
Often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and DVD players, Royal Philips Electronics said Tuesday that its third-quarter profit surged despite 
An estimated 2.5 million Floridians may save an average of \$300 annually by deducting the sales taxes they pay from their federal income tax returns.
The stakes are getting higher for one of the advertising industry #39;s biggest holding companies. With talk of a sale or breakup of France #39;s Havas, reports emerged yesterday 
Microsoft Corp. yesterday released an unusually large number of software security updates to fix flaws in its products, some of which could be exploited to remotely take over computers running the Windows operating system.
The new international space station crew will leave tonight with renewed hopes that recent oxygen problems and possible supply shortages aboard the orbital outpost won #39;t interrupt its six-month mission.
Harry Kewell says he will be fit for Liverpool #39;s match against Fulham this weekend after suffering a foot injury while playing for Australia.
Scott Rolen has been nursing a strained right calf muscle for the last month. But compared to his condition when the St. Louis Cardinals were last in the National 
Iraq #39;s Deputy Prime Minister pleaded with donors today to fulfill pledges of aid for the reconstruction of his war-ravaged nation.
Tanik Koizev wanders through the burned-out gymnasium of the school where hundreds of hostages died during a terrifying siege in September.
The German police arrested an Islamic radical on Tuesday and deported him to Turkey, which has sought his extradition for years in connection with a failed terrorist attack.
World News: Islamabad, Oct. 12 : Pakistan has tested a medium-range nuclear-capable missile which could hit targets deep in neighbouring India.
The bodies of women and children are exhumed in north Iraq, as investigators seek evidence against Saddam.
China rejects the Taiwan leader's call for peace talks and warns against moves towards independence.
Since China's peasantry began falling far behind the urban elite in the go-go 1990's, the countryside has been a font of unrest.
It was the biggest free-for-all in corporate lobbying in nearly 20 years, and its final product was a tax bill with giveaways for almost every business.
In a strange post-industrial twist, most people who have lost their jobs in the garment industry are first-generation Mexican women.
AP - The United States should have quickly reformed the Iraqi army after most of its soldiers walked off the battlefield and got them "working for us," retired Gen. Tommy Franks said Tuesday.
AP - John Edwards has a theory about what was hidden underneath an unusual wrinkle that appeared on the back of President Bush's suit jacket during his first debate with John Kerry.
Brazilian striker Cristiano de Lima Jr died yesterday after collapsing on the field during a domestic club tournament in the southern Indian city of Bangalore.
Tomorrow night President Bush and John Kerry take the stage together for the final time before Nov. 2. This debate will focus on domestic issues, so it was supposed to be the one Mr.
Reuters - Afghanistan was set to start counting\votes on Wednesday from a historic presidential election after\several candidates backed off from declaring the poll illegal.
The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffer from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.
US stocks rebound on sharp drop in oil prices to close with just a narrow loss. Wall Street drew support from upbeat earnings news from Johnson  amp; Johnson and Merrill Lynch.
A bill expected to get President Bush #39;s signature soon would allow Florida taxpayers to deduct sales tax on their federal income tax forms.
COLES Myer will belatedly enter the takeover contest for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality today with a bid that will trump arch-rival Woolworths.
Bill Gates is giving his big speech right now at Microsofts big Digital Entertainment Anywhere event in Los Angeles. Well have a proper report for you soon, but in the meantime we figured wed 
Into the regional finals of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup, that is. The Americans lead their group with eight points off two wins and two ties.
No, these aren #39;t allegations against University of Florida football players; they #39;re allegations against the University of Florida football coach.
In response to concerns of the disappearance of nuclear materials, Iraqi Science and Technology Minister Rashad Omar told the press Tuesday that UN nuclear inspectors are welcome to return.
The Bush administration says it will host a meeting of G8 diplomats this week in Washington in a bid to resolve a nuclear impasse with Iran.
The new initiative will automate and simplify the process for independent software vendors to become IBM business partners, according to a statement.
So far employers and their workers have been slow to accept health savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.
Internet media company Yahoo reported its quarterly profit more than tripled from the year earlier, boosted by stronger online advertising and its acquisition of Overture Services.
More than six newspaper companies have received letters from the Securities and Exchange Commission seeking information about their circulation practices.
Merrill Lynch returned to the business of lending to wealthy clients and got burned again.
Intel reported its third-quarter profit rose 15 percent from a year earlier, though it continued to struggle with an inventory glut.
com October 12, 2004, 3:15 PM PT. It was a beautiful day for Apple Computer on Tuesday, as the company kicked off a new advertising campaign featuring rock superstars U2.
 CINCINNATI (Sports Network) - The Cincinnati Reds announced  at a Tuesday afternoon press conference that they will not be  re-signing veteran shortstop Barry Larkin for 2005.
Betty Lennox scored 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first W.N.B.A. title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun on Tuesday night.
The nation's 45,000 federal airport security screeners suffers from low morale, understaffing and excessive overtime, according to a new report by the Department of Homeland Security inspector general.
Wizards center Brendan Haywood worked hard in the offseason to improve enough to play in the fourth quarter of close games this season.
As Florida State quarterback Chris Rix returns to health, Coach Bobby Bowden will again start sophomore Wyatt Sexton in Saturday night's game against sixth-ranked Virginia.
Going into Saturday's game against undefeated Navy at Giants Stadium, Notre Dame's Darius Walker has averaged 87.2 rushing yards and scored three TDs in five games.
The software giant prices the software somewhere between Windows XP Home and Windows XP Pro, CNET News.com has learned.
Reuters - Mike Mussina retired the first 19\batters he faced and Hideki Matsui drove in five runs as the
U.S. Attorney General Ashcroft spent \$200,000 of taxpayer money promoting the embattled surveillance law coast-to-coast. \
The Federal Trade Commission is going after spyware, bits of computer code that install themselves on the computers of Internet users to track or disrupt their online activities.
In Japan, nine people were found asphyxiated in two cars in pacts the police said were facilitated by Internet suicide sites.
The co-president of Oracle testified that her company was serious about its takeover offer for PeopleSoft and was not trying to scare off its customers.
Often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and DVD players, Royal Philips Electronics said third-quarter profit surged despite a slide into the red by its consumer electronics division.
The \$253 million profit by Yahoo met analysts expectations and included \$129 million related to its sale of shares in Google.
The following is a list of companies whose shares may make gains or losses in the Canadian market. This preview includes news that broke after markets closed Tuesday.
Reuters - The United States'\grounded Space Shuttle fleet may resume flights to the\International Space Station next May or June, a senior ISS\official said Tuesday.
AFP - Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei is considering seeking help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier reluctance after pressure from its creditors, officials said.
AP - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry are looking for any edge in their third and final debate Wednesday night.
AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry go head-to-head for the final time in their knife-edge election battle, with their final televised debate.
AP - Fifty years after the U.S. Supreme Court decision outlawing school segregation, an Alabama law mandating racially separate classrooms is still on the books.
SANTA FE, N.M. - Running even just 20 days before the election, President Bush and Sen...
   Japan's Foreign Ministry spokesman,    Hatsuhisa Takashima , said here last week that his country had been active in the rebuilding of Afghanistan.
John Kerry has lurched from course to course during his presidential campaign, periodically switching drivers and roadmaps -- and messages -- as he reacts to more and more information and advice.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has strongly condemned David Beckhams decision to seek a yellow card during Englands clash with Wales on Saturday.
China spurned Taiwan President Chen Shui-bians peace overtures on Wednesday and said that his calls for easing tensions were false.
By Reuters. The Gannett Company yesterday reported an 11 percent jump in quarterly net profit on advertising sales gains at its newspapers and broadcast television stations.
By Jennifer Hill and Kim Pilling, Scottish Press Association. Canada has suspended three of its former Royal Navy submarines from service after last weeks fatal blaze on a fourth vessel.
Oil prices fell sharply yesterday after briefly passing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.
The Federal Trade Commission has asked a US District Court to shut down a computer spyware operation. The FTC said Tuesday the operation hijacks computers, secretly changes their 
Takeover target Big Food Group says aggressive competition among food sellers drove down second-quarter sales by 3.3 percent, sparking fears its suitor might drop its bid price.
Microsoft Corp. released 10 security fixes for various products yesterday, including seven that fix flaws the company said pose the highest threat to users.
Stung by its loss of market share to Hopkinton #39;s EMC Corp., IBM Corp. fought back yesterday with a pair of major new data storage offerings, including 
Betty Lennox and the Seattle Storm gave the city its first major professional sports title in 25 years -- and made Anne Donovan the first female championship coach in WNBA history.
GM Omar Minaya intends to speak with Yankees bench coach Willie Randolph and Dodgers field coordinator Terry Collins about the Mets #39; vacant managerial position, and got permission 
The international donors from 55 international organization and countries have gathered for two-days meeting in Tokyo. Approximately \$14 billion were promised by foreign givers in last years gathering in Madrid.
A military probe #39;s secret findings on the fire that crippled HMCS Chicoutimi has propelled the navy to dock its four second-hand submarines indefinitely.
The silver lining on a dark cloud of a night wasn't the result, but rather the work.
Since Pedro Martinez wasn't talking, leave it to Kevin Millar to clear that up.
Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun last night.
Rocky Hager says give him at least a half-hour and he'll tell you how much he's enjoyed his stay in Boston as coach of the Northeastern football team.
The UK's years of low inflation and falling unemployment may be over, Bank of England Governor Mervyn King warns.
The Supreme Court yesterday declined to examine a lower-court ruling that forces music industry investigators to file a lawsuit to uncover the identities of people who may be copying their songs online.
A federal task force has recommended expanded investigative and prosecutorial powers to combat intellectual property theft ranging from counterfeit drugs to swapping songs over the Internet.
More than 15 million homes in the UK will be able to get on-demand movies by 2008, say analysts.
Business and charities in the UK have joined forces to persuade more people to go online.
National Lottery players will be able to buy their tickets on their mobile phones, operator Camelot will announce.
 GAZA (Reuters) - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a  missile near a house during fighting in the northern Gaza Strip  Wednesday, killing a Hamas militant, medics said.
Four major pension funds, including the California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, said Tuesday that they will push for shareholders to be able to nominate up 
AP - With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.
Michael Jackson asks TV stations to stop playing Eminem's new video, which ridicules the pop legend.
Government policy is undermining  efforts to improve the UK's recycling record, a report by the charity Forum for the Future says.
PC World - PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.
The Russian Justice Ministry announced Tuesday that the Yukos oil company #39;s main production subsidiary, Yuganskneftegaz, had been evaluated at \$10.
In interview with Financial Times, PA chief says, With Sharon its much harder. Claims contacts with Sharon still held through his son MK Omri Sharon.
com. As manager Terry Francona put it before this American League Championship Series began:  quot;These guys just like to play ball.
MORE THAN five days of repairs have failed to fix a so called glitch in the computer systems of Paypal, the so called online payment outfit.
Mr Straw made the admission that MI6 (British intelligence) had finally abandoned its dramatic claim when he told British MPs that the Blair government still supported the 
A European Parliament committee has narrowly voted to oppose Italian Rocco Buttiglione as the EU #39;s next justice commissioner, officials say.
The Mets loved the idea of the Yankees #39; YES Network so much that they will start their own regional sports channel in 2006. The Mets announced yesterday that their partners will be Time 
Microsoft on Tuesday issued 10 security advisories -even of them critical  -ing consumers and businesses to patch 21 new flaws in Windows software products.
Indianapolis, Oct. 12 - The pool where swimmers set four world records, where America #39;s most honored Olympic swimmer Jenny Thompson said goodbye, is all gone.
The local newspapers had already spent several days building it up as The Return of the Legend - Yao Ming #39;s homecoming to China with the Rockets.
The coaches of high-performance athletes will benefit the most from the federal government #39;s announcement yesterday of how it will divide up \$19.
\A computer program can predict a woman's risk of breast or ovarian cancer with unprecedented accuracy.
Time Warner Cable and Comcast Corporation announced on Tuesday that they had reached an agreement with Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (SEE) to form a New 
Earlier this year, membership was opened to organizations interested in promoting the Blu-ray Disc (BD) format. The growth in membership follows the recent announcement by Sony that PlayStation 3 will support 
As a new crew prepares to lift off Wednesday for the international space station, NASA officials say they are less worried than they were two weeks ago about problems with its oxygen generator 
The Governments chief scientist was today drawing attention to the problem of global warming. Professor Sir David King will address the issue in the Greenpeace business lecture tonight.
AP - The Fiesta Bowl gladly invited BCS-buster Utah on Sunday and had no choice but to accept Big East champion Pittsburgh as the unbeaten Utes' opponent.
PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.
Lava has appeared around the crater the first time since Mount St. Helens awoke three weeks ago with bursts of ash and steam.
AP - Bolivians voted Sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.
Reuters - The world faces a surge in extreme\weather events because of global warming and governments must\act immediately to avert disaster, Britain's chief scientist\said on Tuesday.
Reuters - An Israeli helicopter gunship fired a\missile near a house during fighting in the northern Gaza Strip\Wednesday, killing a Hamas militant, medics said.
AP - Nigerian unions threatened to extend their nationwide general strike, which entered its third day on Wednesday, increasing concerns about production in Africa's biggest oil-exporting nation.
Surgeons carry out the first full face reconstruction, including the nose, using a single flap of skin.
The European Commission takes the German government to court for maintaining a law which protects car giant VW from takeover.
Ivory Coast's political rivals are to meet to try to save the disarmament process, which is supposed to start on Friday.
The Nursing and Midwifery Council is investigating the activities of seven women who claim they confirmed "miracle babies".
Congress gave final approval Monday to legislation that could save Washington residents roughly \$500 annually on their federal tax returns by making state sales taxes deductible again after 18 years.
Software giant Microsoft on Tuesday announced 10 security advisories, seven of them critical, urging consumers to patch 21 new flaws in its software products.
IBM has launched its new data storage systems which it says are aimed at  quot;aggressively competing quot; with rival storage management provider EMC #39;s products.
The British grand prix is on Bernie Ecclestone #39;s draft 2005 calendar, which will be published after a World Council meeting in France.
A Palestinian security chief related to Yasser Arafat escaped a suspected assassination attempt late on Tuesday when a car bomb blew up outside his headquarters in Gaza City, witnesses said.
The Conservatives are demanding Tony Blair apologises for the way he presented the intelligence about Iraq #39;s weapons of mass destruction.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Real Madrid #39;s powerful offense was held in check during a scoreless draw with Villarreal Sunday.
Los Angeles - US software behemoth Microsoft on Tuesday unveiled a new technological assault that will bring music, movies and television into consumers #39; living rooms via their home computers.
Microsoft has released 10 software security patches for its products, including seven it deemed critical and that could allow remote attackers to take control of systems running the company #39;s software.
The service allows users to search for specific items to find the best deal and, unlike some similar British sites, it #39;s free to users and retailers.
Jerry Rice said he believes he could be traded by the Oakland Raiders before Tuesday #39;s deadline. Rice, who turns 42 today, told Sacramento, Calif.
New applications for US home loans dropped more than 9 percent last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates also eased from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
The next three humans bound for the International Space Station (ISS) are spending their final hours on Earth before launching into space tonight atop a Soyuz rocket.
The MP3 player market, where the iPod Mini once stood alone, will soon have several new entries. IDC predicted last month that the segment will grow from 12.
Motorola Inc. will conduct an m-commerce field trial of mobile phones enabled with MasterCard PayPass and Near Field Communications (NFC) technology, the company announced Tuesday.
IBM is fleshing out its On Demand computing strategy with the release later this year of Websphere 6.0, the next incarnation of its flagship application server software.
By byron kho. A consortium of movie and record companies joined forces on Friday to request that the US Supreme Court take another look at peer-to-peer file-sharing programs.
It will be tough for our selectors to make any changes to the team after our first Test triumph. The interesting speculation going into the second Test here in Madras is whether India will 
The disgruntled receiver, who turns 42 today, expects to be dealt before the Oct. 19 trade deadline. By Gregg Bell -- Bee Staff Writer.
USATODAY.com - Microsoft on Tuesday issued 10 security advisories - seven of them critical - urging consumers and businesses to patch 21 new flaws in Windows software products.
AP - After weeks of earthquakes and steam eruptions, Mount St. Helens has a new lava dome that could even eclipse the volcano's old one.
AP - Raiders receiver Ronald Curry likely has a torn left Achilles' tendon that could sideline him for the remainder of the season.
Microsoft has issued ten new software security patches, seven of which are deemed so  #39;critical #39; that it is advising firms to download them immediately.
Virgin Electronics unveiled on Tuesday a digital audio player with a 5GB hard disk, in a bid to penetrate the market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iPod.
The European Union #39;s head office Wednesday expanded its probe into whether EU governments are illegally requiring that the computers they buy must contain microprocessors made by Intel Corp.
com October 13, 2004, 5:30 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Stock falls on news treatment failed a mid-stage trial, company will cease developing drug. NEW YORK (Reuters) - AtheroGenics Inc.
Qualcomm, the San Diego cell phone technology developer, said yesterday it has acquired a British software company for \$36 million in cash.
Marathon world record holder Paula Radcliffe, undaunted by her disastrous showing at the Athens Olympics, hopes to run in Beijing in four years and possibly even at the 2012 Games.
Investigators have unearthed a mass grave in northern Iraq containing hundreds of bodies of women and children believed killed in the 1980s.
Security firms are warning about a virus that tries to cash in on interest in David Beckham.
Ebay says its Paypal system is slowly getting back to normal after breaking down six days ago.
With political fund raising, campaign advertising and organizing taking place in full swing over the Internet, it may just be a matter of time before the Federal Election Commission joins the action.
Most members of the online payment service Paypal should be able to log on to the Web site after five days of intermittent service outages and furious repair efforts, the company said.
Internet whiz kids Marc Andreessen, Josh Kopelman and Joe Kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot-com boom.
The top sales executive running one of MCI Inc.'s largest divisions resigned yesterday as the company struggles with rapidly eroding sales.
Reuters - Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp.\ on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as\revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.
Reuters - Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson Inc.\ roared to record quarterly earnings on Wednesday,\boosted by more efficient operations and demand for its new\models.
The meat from wild animals killed illegally is being sold in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, a report has said.
The UK government's top scientist says atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations are now becoming dangerous.
On Wednesday night, Oct. 27th, North Americans can see a total eclipse of the moon.
 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iraqi kidnappers have freed two Lebanese  men who were taken hostage west of Baghdad last month, their  company's lawyer said on Wednesday.
Iraq's deputy PM asks nations meeting in Tokyo to fulfil pledges of aid, saying it is key to "beating terrorism".
An IRA suspect wanted in connection with a NI bomb attack on soldiers in 1996 is arrested by Spanish police.
Israeli forces thrust into a town in north Gaza and kill a Hamas militant, as a Palestinian schoolgirl dies of her wounds.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter meets the FA to discuss David Beckham's deliberate booking.
Suspected militants kill two people in southern Thailand, ahead of a Thailand-Malaysia annual meeting.
Millions of children live in poverty in Eastern Europe and Central Asia despite economic growth there, a UN report says.
A leading militant was among three people killed by Saudi security forces on Tuesday, officials say.
A Palestinian schoolgirl has died after being struck when Israeli troops fired at her school in Gaza on Tuesday.
Scientists believe measuring your waist could be a better indicator of future health than weighing yourself.
Looking to outdo rival Microsoft, IBM plans to ship a new bundle of development tools that can simplify how software gets built.
Four U.S. soldiers were killed late Tuesday and early Wednesday by separate roadside bombs detonated near their convoys, the military announced.
This week's earnings report is expected to shed light on the impact of iTunes for Windows, which launched one year ago.
The software giant is selling Media Center, its new version of Windows, to PC makers at a new, lower price, CNET News.com has learned.
Mitch Kupchak and Jerry Buss issued a four-point statement through the Lakers #39; staff. Rudy Tomjanovich offered words of praise outside the locker room.
While the Oakland Raiders might be willing to deal the soon-to-be Hall of Fame receiver before the Oct. 19 trade deadline, the Detroit Lions aren #39;t interested.
With less than 24 hours to go for the second cricket Test match between India and Australia at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai, cricket fever has gripped the city, literally.
The 19-year-old Las Vegas native was announced Tuesday as the driver to replace two-time NASCAR Nextel Cup champion Terry Labonte behind the wheel of the No.
The election for president in Afghanistan may have brought us one small step closer to worldwide democracy. At least the people there left no doubt that they wanted to vote.
A delegation of Pakistani tribal elders has met with the leader of al-Qaida-linked militants holding two Chinese engineers hostage, but failed to secure their release.
A federal judge last week denied a request by Advanced Micro Devices to order Intel to turn over company documents to the European Commission, according to a report from the Associated Press.
SAP plans to expand its focus on business intelligence (BI) software over the next year.
The European Commission has asked four European Union countries to justify why they favor Intel Corp. processors in computers for public authorities, it announced Wednesday.
German business software vendor SAP AG is rolling out a new version of its SAP Business One software with several functions designed for small and medium-size manufacturers.
Wages rose faster than expected in the June-August period but analysts say the increases are still not high enough to cause inflation worries at the Bank of England.
NEWS International is to move printing operations from Wapping to Liverpool and Glasgow as part of plans to invest more than 600 million in new plants.
after briefly surpassing \$54 a barrel for the first time -n speculation that demand doesnt justify further price increases. Also 
Santa Clara - Semiconductor giant Intel on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 15 percent from a year ago to \$1.9 billion (R12.
The European Union, called yesterday on the Israeli government to end its ongoing aggression on the Gaza Strip immediately, maintaining that Israel has the right to defend itself.
Daiei Inc., Japan #39;s third-largest retailer, must cut debt without government aid after a deadline set by a state bailout agency passed, agency officials said.
Harley-Davidson Inc. #39;s third-quarter profit surged 20 percent, revved up by higher gross margin and brisk sales of its brand-name motorcycles and accessories.
DreamWorks Animation SKG on Tuesday set its planned initial public offering of stock at 29 million common shares at an estimated price of \$23 to \$25 per share.
The US economy will expand by 4 percent this year, sustaining the recovery begun in 2002, a senior US Treasury official said Sunday.
Stop reading all that 'clickwrap' fine print! A browser bot will accept or reject agreements on your terms. By Mark D. Rasch from Wired magazine.
Christopher Reeve's death Sunday deprives stem-cell research advocates of one of their most effective champions. But the wheels he help put in motion will continue turning, they promise.
AP - Two Lebanese hostages have been released after more than three weeks in captivity in Iraq, a Lebanese Foreign Ministry official said Wednesday.
The New York Times Co. (NYT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported lower quarterly net profit, weighed down by an inconsistent ad sales environment.
AP - Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun on Tuesday night.
AP - Tim Lewis has taken the New York Giants' traditional 4-3 defense and added a twist of the old Pittsburgh Steelers' 3-4 to it.
India have recalled one-day specialist Mohammad Kaif in a bid to beef up their batting order for the second test against Australia starting on Thursday.
Confirming Macworld UK #39;s report earlier this week, EMC has acquired Retrospect backup software publisher, Dantz Development Corp.
The salvage vessel Anglian Prince began towing HMCS Chicoutimi, which has more than 50 Canadian sailors on board, after waiting for improved weather.
AP - FIFA's president criticized England captain David Beckham for deliberately getting himself suspended for a World Cup qualifier and urged the English Football Association to take action.
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair was inactive for Sunday #39;s game against Indianapolis because of a chest injury.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Tony Blair's ministers have said it, his  political opponents are baying for it but the British prime  minister refuses to utter it.
Virgin Group Ltd., owned by billionaire British entrepreneur Richard Branson, said it will begin selling a portable music player to compete with Apple Computer Inc.
NEW YORKFew had noticed the third-inning ballpark arrival last night of the New York Yankees closer who would ultimately rescue them from a disaster of historical proportions.
The Houston Astros and their fans patiently waited 42 years before winning their first post-season series on Monday and what do they get for a payoff?
10/12/2004 -- Jobwerx News -- The consumer electronics industry is firmly behind the Blu-ray Disc high-definition optical-disc format and so is JVC.
A leading Turkish militant known as the Caliph of Cologne has arrived in Istanbul after he was deported from Germany to face trial for allegedly attempting to overthrow Turkeys secular government.
Microsoft is promoting its Windows Media Center Extender devices as the easiest way to get music, photos and video from a Media Center PC to a stereo or TV.
IBM wants to topple the world #39;s leader in computer storage technology with a new shoe-box sized disk system developed at IBM Storage Systems Divisions in Tucson.
David Duffield, PeopleSoft founder and acting-CEO, said the firm might have considered the Oracle takeover bid more seriously if terms had been different.
Another game, another postseason classic. It will be news if the Red Sox and Yankees ever play a yawner. Last night certainly does not qualify.
AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:
AFP - The soldier is willing to fight to the death in Baghdad's mean streets, but when he hears two words -- John Kerry -- he cringes.
Nordic countries are leading the way in global economic competitiveness, with Finland topping the World Economic Forum's latest rankings.
Crude oil futures fell sharply Tuesday as traders opted to cash in profits after six straight sessions of strong gains in oil market.
World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe has decided to run at 34 in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing after Athens disappointment.
Victorian Premier Steve Bracks says a state funeral will be held next week for cricketing great Keith Miller, who died on Monday on the Mornington Peninsula.
UK Prime Minister Tony Blair attacked opponents of his decision to take the nation to war in Iraq, saying allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power would have risked the murder of more Iraqis.
OTTAWA - Canada has decided to temporarily withdraw from service three British-made submarines after a fire on a fourth vessel, the Defence Ministry said in a statement yesterday.
OAK BROOK, Ill. - Fast food giant McDonalds says earnings this quarter will be better than forecast, thanks to rising sales and a lower tax bill.
The European Commission Wednesday announced it has asked four European Union countries to justify why they favor Intel processors in computers for public authorities.
AP - The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.
France's High Court of Appeal says a former member of an Italian radical left-wing group must be extradited to Italy.
China ranks 46th out of 104 economies evaluated in the Geneva-based World Economic Forum #39;s latest World Competitiveness Report, dropping two places from last year.
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. on Wednesday said it received a three-year multimillion dollar extension to supply film studio DreamWorks SKG with core computer technology.
Australian retailer Coles Myer intensified the battle for the ALH pubs and liquor chain yesterday, topping an offer by Woolworths with aA\$1.
Harris Bank said Wednesday that it is buying a privately held network of banks in northwest Indiana, expanding its branches into the state for the first time.
The number of US mortgage refinancings fell sharply last week suggesting that the refinancing boom may have run its course even as rates eased, economists said.
WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration has approved an implantable computer chip that can be inserted in patients to pass along their medical history to doctors.
com. In a signal from the European Commission that it is stepping up its investigation into possible illegal business practices by Intel, the commission is asking four European countries why they 
Motorola is the latest company to move towards adding a payment function to its line of cell phones, the company announced this week.
While the battle between Microsoft and Apple Computer for the nascent digital media market intensifies, Microsoft #39;s Mac Business Unit has released a significant update for Office 2004 for Mac.
IBM is opening up its software developer programme in order to get more bodies behind its battle with Microsoft. Big Blue wants to increase the number of independent software vendors it works with.
ANGRY soccer fans missed most of Harry Kewell #39;s rare Sydney performance on Tuesday because of long queues to buy and collect tickets.
Qyntel Woods, No. 24, has been suspended without pay by the Portland Trail Blazers while investigators look into allegations of animal cruelty.
Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - New York Jets wide receiver Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against San Francisco because of a hamstring injury.
Vijay Singh and Ernie Els, the world #39;s top two players, could not be more confident going into the World Match Play Championship starting at Wentworth on Thursday.
Labonte, a native of Corpus Christi, Texas, announced Tuesday that he will compete in at least 10 races with Hendrick Motorsports in 2005 and 2006 before retiring from the series.
PC World - Motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
PC World - New social networking site lets users share photos, videos, and more.
PC World - Service Pack 1 fixes security flaws, updates individual applications.
LONDON : Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes Jens Lehmann can replace Oliver Khan and become Germany #39;s first-choice goalkeeper in the 2006 World Cup.
LAUREN JACKSON yesterday completed an emotional tribute to her  quot;nan Irene quot; when she helped Seattle Storm win the WNBA title.
The remains are being unearthed as part of an investigation looking for evidence to use against Saddam Hussein in his future trial.
A general strike in Nigeria which has raised fears over oil supplies was set to enter a fourth day after a court rebuffed a government request to declare it illegal on Wednesday.
The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
A custom-built early warning radar installed in an Israeli border town passed its first live test on Wednesday, alerting residents to incoming Palestinian rockets in time for them to take cover.
PayPal #39;s problems arrive at the very start of the crucial holiday selling season. Users began to note problems on Friday following a software upgrade, eBay said.
Apple Computer #39;s online iTunes Music Store (iTMS) remains the leader in paid digital music downloads with 70 of the legally downloaded music market, but the 
An ID card says something about a man. Oh yes...
The company wants to charge more money for ad time during the Super Bowl.
Harley's latest numbers are a lot like the bikes: powerful underneath but not too speedy.
Attitudes toward burgers have changed, and that's good news for McDonald's.
You might hate his tactics and his team, but the New York Yankees owner is one heck of an investor.
LONDON Oct. 13, 2004 - David Beckham apologized Wednesday for the yellow card ploy that earned him a convenient World Cup suspension.
Portland Trail Blazers players are protesting the suspension of teammate Qyntel Woods because of allegations involving dogfighting.
Former WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernard Ebbers has indicated he will seek reimbursement from the company for his millions of dollars in legal bills.
Expedition 10, the latest crew to take up residence on the International Space Station, is set to launch from Kazakhstan.
A fossil dinosaur caught sleeping with its head tucked under its forearm has been discovered by Chinese scientists.
Scientists believe learning a second language alters a part of the brain.
BOSTON -- The Red Sox are hoping to rebound Wednesday in New York as they take on the Yankees in Game 2 of their championship series.
What the key is for Wisconsin to beating Purdue #39;s short passing attack with quarterback Kyle Orton? Wisconsin has to rush the passer effectively.
A secret Israeli report warns Israel's world image could fall as low as South Africa's during the apartheid era, reports say.
Sharemarket watchdog the Securities Commission has filed unprecedented insider trading action against high-profile former owners and executives of Tranz Rail.
The Chinese government declared Wednesday that a conciliatory proposal made Sunday by President Chen Shui-bian of Taiwan was fraudulent, intended only to fool Taiwanese voters and international opinion.
Company says changes were made due to information that came to light during the trial and to address concerns raised by the judge.
The software maker releases an upgraded version of its small-business management applications with new features for coordinating factory work.
A majority of the US Federal Communications Commission has voted to conditionally approve Cingular Wireless #39; proposed acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
The company behind most CDMA technology is now planning to go multicast in order to allow faster and more stable streaming content.
GAME NOTES: The surprising Connecticut Huskies welcome their first-ever ranked opponent to the friendly confines of Rentschler Field, as they play host to the 
The European Commission has asked four more countries for information on how they buy computers. Rival AMD applauds the move.
Performance venues there can now install signal-jamming equipment to deal with rude mobile-phone users.
AP - Jets receiver Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday's game against San Francisco with a strained right hamstring.
The consumer electronics company backs a technology lauded by Sony and others, as the DVD format battle heats up.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Silverstone's owners gave a cautious  welcome on Wednesday to the troubled British Grand Prix's  inclusion on the 2005 Formula One calendar.
PC maker plans to talk consumer electronics this week, and the conversation could turn to a "Pocket DJ."
FIFA's president criticized England captain David Beckham for deliberately getting himself suspended for a World Cup qualifier and urged the English Football Association to take action.
Motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.
Reuters - Confidence among chief executives in\the U.S. economy slipped for the second straight quarter,\private research firm The Conference Board said on Wednesday.
AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder renewed his firm opposition to deploying troops to Iraq, a spokesman said, slapping down hints at a change in policy from his defense minister.
The Post's Jonathan Weisman discusses the increasing importance of temporary employment to the American economy.
Northern Light Announces Business Research Engine\
Microsoft yesterday released 10 new security bulletins to fix multiple components in its Windows operating system and applications.\
A leading Dutch prosecuter resigned yesterday after hackers entered his mail box and revealed yet another classified letter addressed to the public prosecutor's office.\
Hewlett-Packard will resell PathScale's compiling tools for high-performing clusters.
A \$5 million infusion of venture capital will help Laszlo Systems work on tools to build Web pages.
roundup Virgin introduces a tiny music player, and Dell could be ready to unveil its own "Pocket DJ." Also: In France, cell phone silence is golden.
The longtime general manager of a defunct city nightclub says his former boss is not telling the truth about the clubs role in a computer spyware operation.
All three men heading to the international space station in a Russian-built Soyuz spacecraft this Thursday will be riding the tiny craft for the first time, breaking with 30 years of tradition.
The European Union #39;s head office Wednesday expanded its probe into whether EU governments are illegally requiring that the computers they buy must contain microprocessors made by Intel Corp.
A two-man crew launches to the International Space Station tonight, tasked with keeping the outpost running and ready for space shuttles that will arrive after the men leave.
In a possible softening of its strict non-deployment policy in Iraq, Germany #39;s defense minister said he could not rule out sending troops there in the future.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission on Wednesday proposed stricter rules to halt\underwriting practices that artificially boost demand for\shares in initial public offerings.
The World Food Programme scales back its projects in Darfur in Sudan because of worsening security.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, the U.S. command said Wednesday, as U.S...
NEW YORK - Falling oil prices and strong earnings from Intel Corp. and McDonald's Corp...
Switzerland has slipped down another place in the global league of most competitive nations, but still ranks in the top ten.
The US Financial Accounting Standards Board approved a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense and delayed its implementation until next June.
Homeland Security Department officials are reviewing the status of their cybersecurity chief, a position now vacant following the abrupt resignation of Amit Yoran See GCN story.
The Jets announced on Wednesday that wide receiver/punt returner Santana Moss is questionable for Sunday #39;s game against the San Francisco 49ers.
Reuters - A worrying rise in the levels of\so-called greenhouse gases linked to climate change highlights\the importance of the Kyoto protocol, British Environment\Minister Elliot Morley said Wednesday.
Reuters - Genetic factors, along with cultural and\early experiences, influence male homosexuality, Italian\scientists said on Wednesday.
AFP - A European Union delegation led by Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot was holding talks after renewed EU sanctions threat against Khartoum over the Darfur crisis.
Study predicts better salaries and more competitive IT job market in the next three years.
The US Food and Drug Administration has approved the practice of injecting humans with tracking devices for medical purposes, according to a Florida company that makes the devices.
Bowing to corporate pressure, the group that sets standards for the US accounting industry said on Wednesday it postponed the implementation of compulsory expensing of employee 
Artificially boosting demand for initial public stock offerings and ramping up related commissions would be restricted under rules proposed on Wednesday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
As antitrust pressure against Intel appeared to ease today, the European Commission filed complaints against France, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland saying they unfairly 
Google, the giant Internet search engine, is launching a British version of its shopping comparison site Froogle, the Guardian reported Wednesday.
Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday.
The British, French and San Marino Grand Prix Formula One races got a reprieve Wednesday, when they were listed on the provisional 2005 Formula One calendar.
A goal deep in injury time from Stuart Elliott salvaged a 3-3 draw for Northern Ireland in a pulsating World Cup European Group Six qualifier against Austria on Wednesday.
Striker Robbie Keane set an all-time scoring record of 23 for Ireland with both goals in a 2-0 victory over the Faroe Islands on Wednesday.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored a goal in each half as the Netherlands recovered from a goal down to beat Finland 3-1 in their World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
German officials today reaffirmed their policy of not contributing troops to the American-led coalition in Iraq and rejected speculation, prompted by a remark by the 
At a press conference during his recent visit to Tehran, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Russia does not support the idea of referring Tehran #39;s nuclear case to the United 
At least four Palestinians have been killed and five injured in the continuing Israeli onslaught on the Gaza Strip. In the latest violence a Palestinian teenager was shot dead and two others wounded by Israeli 
The navy has docked its fleet of submarines pending the investigation of a deadly fire at sea, renewing questions over the viability of Canada #39;s troubled underwater capability.
The New York Yankees look to take a 2-0 lead over Pedro Martinez and the Red Sox in Game 2 of the AL Championship Series on Wednesday.
Dutch food retailer Ahold and three former top executives have agreed to settle fraud charges related to \$1bn overstatement of profits.
AP - Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the AL championship series Sunday.
 CINCINNATI (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals wide  receiver Peter Warrick is doubtful for Sunday's game against  Cleveland because of a shin injury.
A computer chip that is implanted under the skin won US approval on Wednesday for use in helping doctors quickly access a patient #39;s medical history.
England v Azerbaijan - another game for the national side totally overshadowed by David Beckham. This is, of course, a not uncommon phenomena.
The former manager of the Colorado Rockies and Chicago Cubs was in town to interview for the Phillies #39; vacancy at the same position.
The Bush administration will take up strategy for UN sanctions against Iran at a meeting Friday of senior officials from eight nations.
Nigeria #39;s umbrella union on Wednesday hailed a high court rule on the ongoing warning strike against rising domestic fuel prices, saying the government has failed to stop the strike using the court.
Ruud van Nistelrooy returned with a vengeance, scoring twice in the Netherlands #39; 3-1 victory over Finland in World Cup qualifying Wednesday.
CHARLOTTE -- Just when it seemed the Carolina Panthers #39; luck with injuries couldn #39;t get any worse, it appears to be about to.
OTTAWA - The navy board of inquiry investigating the fatal submarine fire aboard HMCS Chicoutimi should include independent members, perhaps from another country, says Tory MP Bill Casey.
Texas A amp;M University System regents selected the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas as the sole finalist for its chancellorship today.
MIAMI (Ticker) - The winless Miami Dolphins signed kicker Matt Bryant on Wednesday and announced sidelined running back Lamar Gordon had successful surgery on his shoulder.
AFP - The US Supreme Court heard arguments on the legality of the death penalty for criminals under age 18 in a case that has received international attention.
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder on  Wednesday ruled out sending German troops to Iraq after his  defense minister said a deployment could be possible in the  future.
Optimism has been tempered by years of negotiations and legislative delays; many Cambodians lost hope long ago.
Russian officials hope to prevent reprisals as a 40-day mourning period ends for victims of the school siege.
Adobe Systems Inc. on Wednesday released an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored two goals Wednesday as the Netherlands rebounded from a poor start to beat Finland 3-1 in a World Cup qualifying match.
Russia's president says Moscow's interests come first as he starts his China visit to discuss key oil projects.
The CIA declines to comment on a report that senior al-Qaeda suspects are being held in Jordan.
A former advisor to the South Africa's deputy president pleads not guilty to charges of fraud and corruption.
South Africa has moved up a spot on the World Economic Forums Global Competitiveness Index; SA is now 41 out of 104 countries ranked on the basis of competitiveness.
com October 13, 2004, 2:19 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Sexual violence is being used to terrorise entire communities caught in Colombia's conflict, Amnesty says.
Spanish Civil Guard officers seized 33 tonnes of illegal Brazilian tropical wood in raids on a number of cities.
Finland has topped the rankings in the Global Competitiveness Report for the third time in the last four years. The United States has maintained its second-place position.
The Food and Drug Administration approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors.
SEATTLE - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night...
BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attack and roadside bombings killed six American soldiers, the U.S. command said Wednesday, as U.S...
The Securities and Commission is conducting an investigation into circulation reporting in the newspaper industry following several disclosures of fraudulent practices in recent months.
The hopes of Spain's largest bank to secure Abbey National have been given a boost after the City watchdog said it saw no reason to block the deal.
The S.E.C. has launched an informal inquiry into how Chiron handled the disclosure of vaccine-manufacturing problems that caused the nation's flu shot crisis.
Apple posted a higher quarterly profit today, boosted by strong sales of its iPod digital music player and notebook computers.
Finland retained its hold at the top of the world's economies in the survey with Sweden, Denmark, Norway and Iceland also in the top 10.
Plus, slow-cruisin' Harley, the Golden Arches' golden times, and it's good to be Yahoo!
Have you seen a four-door Accord, VA YGD 3719 tags? It's mine, and I want it back.
Acquisitions can juice sales but can also lead to messy balance sheets. A simple test can sort them out.
Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news Wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.
Canada #39;s Competition Bureau said today it has no objection to the proposal to merge brewers Molson Inc. of Montreal and Adolph Coors Co.
In the flood of corporate reform unleashed by recent business scandals, one issue has been largely ignored, shareholder activists say: the stratospheric level of executive pay and 
The Wi-Fi Alliance yesterday warned wireless gear makers not to jump the gun on marketing 802.11n features before the standard is ratified.
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge said yesterday that the role of overseeing computer security and the Internet should have a higher profile at the agency, in the face of increasing concern 
Local government offices in the French capital will not abandon Microsoft software overnight but instead gradually phase in more open-source programs, Paris City Hall said.
The number of consumers legally downloading recorded music has fallen to 1 million from a high of 1.3 million in April, The Hollywood Reporter said Wednesday.
What can be done about Greece? Marco van Basten, Holland #39;s controversially appointed coach, yesterday turned his mind from what to do about Finland tonight to how international 
Mark Hughes farewell as Wales manager turned into a wake as their World Cup dreams were shattered by a remarkable Polish comeback.
ST. LOUIS - If Andy Pettitte and Wade Miller were available, the Houston rotation would be set up perfectly for the National League Championship Series.
An Israeli aircraft fired a missile ata group of militants near the Palestinian town of Beit Lahya in northern Gaza Strip Wednesday evening, killing one of them, witnesses said.
The European Commission has begun legal action against Germany over the so-called  quot;Volkswagen law quot; which protects the carmaker from hostile takeovers.
Generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc. reaffirmed on Wednesday its planned \$3.37 billion purchase of King Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Ten Virginia high school cross country runners disqualified for wearing Lance Armstrong #39;s LIVESTRONG wristbands during a meet last week have had their results reinstated.
AP - The Army Corps of Engineers will in two weeks begin building a permanent electric barrier to keep the invasive Asian carp out of the Great Lakes, officials announced Wednesday.
Reuters - Gerald Rubin is looking for\someone who can take a picture of a thought.
The Food and Drug Administration approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient's medical details to doctors, speeding care.
NetSuite 10.0 offers analysis tools to help businesses predict information about customers based on data they've already entered.
A case scheduled for hearing in December focuses on technology for automatically loading software from a disc.
The company asked customers to accelerate deals in order to bolster earnings--a ploy to exaggerate profits, Oracle lawyers say.
The new software is designed to simplify the process of knitting together back-office business applications.
Prosco.net will feature an archive of filings and other information related to the company's many legal battles over Linux.
Regulators sign off on implantable tracking device to manage treatment of Alzheimer's, diabetes, heart disease, other conditions.
Over the next five years, the company will spend \$40 million on its new lab, which will focus on the digital home.
Outages put a crimp in access at PayPal, Gawker. Also: Microsoft's latest security warnings.
Symbol Technologies follows Cisco, which also recently joined the WiMax Forum.
The company has cut up to 25 percent off the price of two of its liquid-crystal display TV models.
Photoshop Elements 3.0 enhances tools for touching up photos, including the "healing brush."
The scooter maker is testing a new four-wheel gadget that travels 20 mph and can handle rough terrain.
Blu-ray group is developing a smaller version of its technology for portable electronics, aiming to give its format a leg up.
AP - After spending two seasons as a special assistant and adviser with Philadelphia, Charlie Manuel saved his best recommendation for last: Hire him as the new manager of the Phillies.
EXPECT to see and hear Creative Technology everywhere as it embarks on a worldwide marketing campaign to snatch dominance of the digital music player market from Apple Computer.
The technology industry stands behind its call for an assistant secretary for cybersecurity in the Homeland Security Department, even as confusion grows over what the department is planning.
German business software vendor SAP AG released a new version of its SAP Business One software with several functions designed for small and medium-size manufacturers.
IBM and Borland have both upgraded their development platforms to focus more on business process automation.
Soaring oil prices and terrorism have instilled fresh caution into global markets over the past six months, executives and investors said at a technology conference in Cannes.
Novell Inc. said it is prepared to use its portfolio of software patents to protect its open-source software products against lawsuits.
IBM presented two new enterprise-class storage arrays that feature compatible software that allows the boxes to be managed through a single interface and data to be replicated between them.
Iron Mountain plans to acquire Connected Corp. to enhance its online backup and recovery portfolio.
Online payment Web site PayPal.com was back in service late last night after a coding error disrupted service for four days.
Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday.
AP - The Bush administration said Wednesday it will appeal a NAFTA dispute panel's finding that imports of Canadian softwood lumber pose no threat to American companies.
AP - The Bush administration on Wednesday accused a Sudan-based relief organization and five of its officials of helping finance Osama bin Laden and other terrorists.
AFP - The US Supreme Court examined whether the United States can indefinitely detain two Cubans who face deportation but remain in legal limbo because Cuba refuses to take them back.
OQO, a tiny 14-ounce Windows XP computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature PC possible with current technology.
NO one does weird quite as well as Japanese game designers and animators. In this spirit, three new video games bring the bizarre home.
Gyroscopically balanced scooters have given disabled people a new grasp on mobility.
High rate of patents, open-source age increase importance of intellectual property issues.
In Rhode Island, will there be an answer to a major problem for the Internet phone industry?\
The Food and Drug Administration on Wednesday approved an implantable computer chip that can pass a patient #39;s medical details to doctors, speeding care.
A Russian-US expedition will take off Thursday morning to the International Space Station (ISS) on asix-month mission, local media reported Wednesday.
Now the real work begins. As a July date for the British Grand Prix appeared on the provisional calendar for the 2005 Formula One season in Paris yesterday, a 21-page document landed on the 
Moldova and Scotland seem destined to chase the wooden spoon in Group 5 after failing to take advantage of each other #39;s limitations.
Wall Street stocks fell sharply Wednesday as surging oil prices overshadowed positive earnings news, prompting investors to cash in more profits.
Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, published numerous patches to fix 21 flaws in its software applications yesterday.
Just one week after finding feathers on the ancestor of Tyrannosaurus rex, Chinese and US scientists have announced the discovery of a dinosaur curled up like a sleeping cygnet.
British experts warn some people involved in spreading computer viruses are exploiting the worldwide interest in British soccer super star David Beckham.
Internet Security Systems has announced that it has preemptive protection available for the four high risk vulnerabilities announced by Microsoft on Wednesday.
It is the first rule that every aspiring pitcher learns. Without a balanced delivery, nothing works. For a right-hander, the right ankle is the foundation.
Established star Landon Donovan and rising sensation Eddie Johnson carried the United States into the regional qualifying finals for the 2006 World Cup in emphatic fashion Wednesday night.
(CP) - NHL commissioner Gary Bettman spent part of his afternoon Wednesday answering questions from fans about the league #39;s lockout rather than preparing for opening night.
Denver quarterback Jake Plummer, who memorialized his friend Pat Tillman by wearing a No. 40 decal on his helmet in a game last Sunday, agreed yesterday to remove it.
JJB SPORTS saw its shares collapse nearly 20 per cent yesterday after it broke off talks with the private equity giant Cinven and posted dismal first-half sales.
Established star Landon Donovan and rising sensation Eddie Johnson carried the United States into the regional qualifying finals for the 2006 World Cup in emphatic fashion Wednesday night.
Prime Minister John Howard will travel to Indonesia later this month to attend the inauguration of new Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
IBM, one of the key leaders in the enterprise server market, annouced two additions to its family of high storage products yesterday.
The regular season that cost Art Howe and Jim Duquette their titles ended nearly two weeks ago, but jobs are still being lost. Having just started their search for a new 
Federal and local authorities, under the auspices of the New York Asset Forfeiture Task Force, have recently served grand-jury subpoenas seeking testimony in the circulationscandals 
The group, which issued a profits warning in July and floated on the stock market a decade ago, revealed the approach in a statement last Friday.
NATO will send military trainers to Iraq before the end of the year in response to appeals by Iraqi leaders for speedy action, US ambassador to NATO Nicholas Burns said Wednesday.
The horrific secrets of a mass grave in northern Iraq emerged yesterday as American officials accused Europeans of failing to help in the search to uncover Saddam Hussein #39;s atrocities.
A goal deep into injury time by Stuart Elliott salvaged a 3-3 draw for Northern Ireland in a pulsating World Cup qualifier against Austria on Wednesday.
PETALING JAYA: Computer hackers are taking advantage of the frenzy surrounding David Beckhams latest alleged bout of infidelity.
Novell is prepared to use its portfolio of US software patents to protect against patent lawsuits the open source software it ships, the company said in statements posted to the Novell.
com October 13, 2004, 5:06 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Sudan is the largest country in Africa and has a population of almost 28 million. About 60 per cent are Muslim, a quarter are animist and 15 per cent Christian.
Leaders of the rebel army that ousted Haitian President Jean Bertrand Aristide vow to end violence in the capital.
A protein deep in the ear is essential for normal hearing and could help develop treatments for deafness, researchers believe.
AP - A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
But women have increased their representation in all the natural science professions, especially medical science, a study says.
Java Desktop System version 2 sneaks onto the market only two months ahead of version 3's due date.
roundup Plus: Evite goes local with invitations...Westinghouse cuts price of LCD TVs...Adobe debuts hobbyist Photoshop package.
AP - The molten rock rising inside Mount St. Helens is giving the peak an eerie red glow at night.
AP - Harvard researchers want to be the first in the United States to produce cloned human embryos for disease research.
The move will delay the reduction in reported profits for many companies, and may give them more time to lobby Congress to stop the rule from taking effect at all.
Tens of thousands of Americans are discovering, as they approach retirement, that money they were promised is not forthcoming.
Royal Ahold and its two former top executives reached a settlement on Wednesday with the S.E.C. in connection with a multibillion-dollar accounting scandal.
Apple announced on Wednesday that its quarterly profit more than doubled because of continued strong sales of iPod music players, beating Wall Street estimates by a wide margin
The company axes 400 jobs, joining other hard drive makers in eliminating staff.
High rate of patents, open-source age increase importance of intellectual property issues.
Does Rhode Island have the answer to a major problem facing the Internet phone industry?
Hammered by iPod, Sony will retool, adding native MP3 support to some digital music players by next summer.
The attorney General, Lord Goldsmith, faced calls to resign last night as Tony Blair #39;s legal justification for going to war against Iraq began to unravel.
The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
Stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. But some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: how small is too small?
For all their electronic sophistication, fingerprint scanners have a major shortcoming. So some new models are going beyond skin deep.
In the last 10 years, pizza-sized dishes have sprouted on homes all over the country. But how does satellite TV actually work?
Scientists have unearthed the remains of a perfectly preserved 130 million-year-old new species of dinosaur which provide a first-ever look at how the prehistoric creatures slept.
Eddie Johnson came off the bench to score a hat-trick in 16 minutes as the US thrashed Panama 6-0 in a CONCACAF zone World Cup qualifier on Wednesday.
SIR Jackie Stewart remains cautiously optimistic that the British Grand Prix will go ahead next year after it was included yesterday on the Formula 1 draft calendar for 2005.
Who would have believed it? That Shane Warne would act like a dumb blond and forget that he had a role to play in Australias Bangalore victory.
Craig Gordon: Could not be faulted for the loss of the goal and made a tremendous save at the beginning of the second half to deny Serghei Dadu.
AFP - Large parts of Sydney were left without power for a night after a substation overheated in an unseasonal heatwave, the electricity supply firm said.
AP - Voter reaction to Wednesday's debate between President Bush and Sen. John Kerry.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Concerns about oil production leading into the winter months sent shivers through the stock market Wednesday.
Soaring oil prices trumped positive earnings news Wednesday, sending stocks skidding as investors rushed to take profits on new fears that the market is in the midst of a commodities bubble.
Online-payment service PayPal on Tuesday sought to reassure customers that outages that had plagued the service since Friday finally had been resolved.
AP - The final presidential debate brought together two candidates and a moderator who have something in common  #151; strong wives and two daughters.
AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry on the issues at Wednesday's debate:
President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.
Florida is already teeming with lawsuits charging the state and its county elections supervisors with voter disenfranchisement.
The F.D.A. cleared the way for a company to market implantable microchips that would provide easy access to medical records.
NEW YORK - Crude-oil futures rallied back above \$53 late on Wednesday on speculation and panic sparked by an oil-line explosion in Mexico.
Despite all the changes Microsoft is touting with the new version of Media Centre, the biggest change may be one that the company barely mentions: the price drop.
Police in America have issued an arrest warrant for a British man who allegedly had sex with a 15-year-old girl he met in an internet chat room, it was revealed today.
England captain David Beckham has apologised to the Football Association (FA), his team mates and supporters after deliberately getting booked against Wales.
AP - Jerry Rice was scheduled to meet with Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis on Wednesday night to discuss the receiver's future after he said he wants to be traded.
Donor nations wrapped up a two-day meeting Thursday that Iraqi leaders hope will free up much-needed reconstruction funds that were pledged a 
Tony Blair yesterday seized on the discovery of the mass grave in northern Iraq as justification for removing Saddam despite the absence of WMD.
AP - Kobe Bryant is shrugging off criticism of him by former Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson.
AP - Chris Chelios grabbed his red helmet, listened to some last-minute instructions, and then hit the ice  #151; running.
AP - Annika Sorenstam realizes winning her fourth Samsung World Championship won't be easy since the other 19 players are also among the elite of women's golf.
Omar Minaya, the Mets' new general manager, fired or reassigned every coach on Wednesday except for Rick Peterson, the club's highly touted pitching coach.
In his new book, Phil Jackson, the former Los Angeles Lakers coach, describes a dysfunctional team hurt by Kobe Bryants petulant anger and his pending rape trial.
The United States defeated Panama on two goals by Landon Donovan, advancing to the final round of qualifying for the 2006 World Cup.
Defensive coordinator Greg Blache spent the last five seasons in the same position in Chicago and has Washington prepared for Sunday.
For the loser of this Saturday's Maryland-North Carolina State game, both at 3-2, the bowl season may be an unreachable destination.
As Howard prepares to play its final six games, all against MEAC opponents, the Bison find themselves in the thick of the conference race.
Two days after senior Lane Jackson will be counted on heavily to lead Navy to its first victory over Notre Dame since 1963, the inside linebacker be interviewed by a panel of SEALs.
For senior guard Elton Brown, his Mom and late uncle are never more than an arm's length away.
Reuters - Oil prices rebounded to  #36;54 a barrel\on Thursday ahead of U.S. inventory data expected to show tight\heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
AFP - President George W. Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry fought over who is the most wasteful spender in their televised election debate here.
Canada #39;s rank has fallen in one competitiveness measure and improved in another, according to a Global Competitiveness Report from the World Economic Forum.
Martha Stewart #39;s media and merchandising company said Wednesday it plans to expand its furniture line amid strong demand from consumers.
Only a few months after crying poverty, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says last year #39;s surplus topped \$9.1 billion -- almost five times more than originally predicted.
A Russian-US space crew set off for the International Space Station (ISS) on a Russian Soyuz rocket from the Baikonur space center in Kazakhstan on Thursday morning.
New technology would make it possible to build a monorail connecting Denver to the state #39;s ski resorts and such a railway could carry six to eight times more people than two additional 
Apple lost one war to Microsoft by not licensing its Mac operating system. It may repeat the error with its iPod and music software.
Ontario police forces will get \$5 million to develop a co-ordinated strategy to fight Internet child pornography, Attorney General Michael Bryant said yesterday.
Police in America have issued an arrest warrant for a North Yorkshire man who allegedly had sex with a teenager he met in an internet chat room.
Prince Norodom Sihamoni will be named king of Cambodia later on Thursday by the nine-member Throne Council, said the national assembly president in Phnom Penh.
Indian industrial group Tata agrees to invest \$2bn in Bangladesh, the biggest single deal agreed by a firm in the south Asian country.
A Russian rocket carrying a US-Russian space crew on a two-day flight to the International Space Station blasted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early Thursday.
The Ontario government has announced new measures today to tackle child pornography online and Internet luring. Research shows 40 percent of Canadian youth report that someone they met on the Internet, requested personal information.
THE Israeli army has suspended a platoon commander accused by his soldiers of emptying an ammunition clip into a Palestinian girl of 13.
Retail group GUS says like-for-like sales at its key Argos chain outstripped the market in the first half as sales of consumer electronics and leisure goods shone.
Thousands of new customers across the Northeast are flocking to Bank of America Corp., chief executive Kenneth D. Lewis said yesterday, despite a wave of bad 
The federal government raked in billions more than it expected last year in personal and corporate income taxes, and slapped down all \$9.
Investors losing their shirts in Hollywood is an old story. Stars get in their eyes and, before you know it, the money is gone.
The Food and Drug Administration is unlikely to sanction Boston Scientific Corp. after reviewing its handling of safety recalls of its new cardiac stent system, an agency official said yesterday.
Crude oil futures rallied back above \$53 late yesterday on speculation and panic sparked by an oil line explosion in Mexico.
Artificially boosting demand for initial public stock offerings and ramping up related commissions would be restricted under rules proposed yesterday by the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
Natick Mall officials are standing by their safety record, despite a recent reported rape of a teenager there.
A former waiter has filed a class-action lawsuit against a prestigious West Newton country club, contending that his employer illegally withheld thousands of dollars in tips from him and other servers.
Ontario is prepared to force Internet service providers to blow the whistle on child pornography sites, Attorney-General Michael Bryant announced yesterday.
A Palestinian schoolgirl runs past the rubble of a destroyed building next to a United Nations school in the Jebaliya refugee camp, northern Gaza Strip, Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
Aids activists get help from Chinese basketball star Yao Ming, back in Shanghai for a promotional game.
A plane flying from Hong Kong to London's Heathrow airport is diverted to Stansted following a security alert.
BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan -- A Russian rocket carrying a new Russian-US crew to the international space station lifted off from the Baikonur cosmodrome early today.
President Bush and John Kerry clashed over the war on terrorism, the loss of jobs overseas and the state of health care.
George W. Bush and John Kerry ended the debates as they began them, with starkly defined differences on most issues.
The court appeared deeply divided over whether the death penalty for acts committed while a juvenile should be seen as "cruel and unusual punishment."
Funding cuts to Britain's bee inspectors could worsen the effects of hive diseases, a lobby group says.
AUSTIN, Texas A 36-year-old man has been arrested in England for allegedly having sex with a 15-year-old Austin girl he met in an Internet chat room.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested in England and charged with having sex with a 15-year-old Texas girl he met in an Internet chat room.
Bill Gates, head of the world #39;s largest software company, predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant.
Faced with credibility questions about the Vioxx recall, Merck executives yesterday insisted the first clear signs linking the painkiller to heart problems emerged only last month.
Australia captain Adam Gilchrist won the toss and chose to bat first against India in the second cricket Test in Chennai. Australia, which won the first Test by 217 runs after Gilchrist 
The US is calling on Nato to take overall responsibility for peacekeeping and reconstruction in Afghanistan. US officials are proposing the separate US and Nato missions there should merge under Nato command 
Apple reported revenue for the quarter of \$2.35 billion, up 37 from the \$1.72 billion recorded during last year's fourth quarter.
AP - Albert Pujols made sure the St. Louis Cardinals got off to another fast start.
AP - Red Sox bats that knocked balls over fences all season flailed wildly at them in the first two games of the AL championship series.
AP - There'll be no last-minute pressure this time. The United States advanced to the next round of World Cup qualifying with a game to spare.
Jon Lieber subdued Pedro Martnez and the mighty offense of the Boston Red Sox, leading the Yankees to a 3-1 victory.
NEW YORK -- Mariano Rivera picked up the save, the 32d of his illustrious postseason career. But you already knew that. You knew that back in March.
Jerry Rice was scheduled to meet with Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis on last night to discuss the receiver's future after he said he wants to be traded.
Order was restored in Europe, but South American leaders Brazil and Argentina couldn't find the net yesterday as both were held to 0-0 draws in World Cup qualifying.
The Pistons returned to the scene of their most recent triumph last night, taking the floor at The Palace of Auburn Hills for the first time since capturing the 2003-04 NBA championship.
When it comes to inexperienced, talented running backs, Boston College is suffering from an embarrassment of riches.
Olive ridley sea turtles are making a comeback, largely because of Mexican conservation efforts.
Jon Lieber outduels Pedro Martinez as the Yankees beat the Red Sox, 3-1, Wednesday for a 2-0 lead in their ALCS rematch.
Rasheed Marshall rushes for 110 yards and throws a touchdown pass Wednesday night to lead No. 17 West Virginia to a 31-19 victory over Connecticut.
A replacement crew for the International Space Station blasted off aboard a Soyuz spacecraft from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia.
Indonesia #39;s president will open an international religious conference in the world #39;s most populous Muslim nation on Monday aimed at sending a message of moderation 
OQO, a tiny 14-ounce Windows XP computer, may just be the most elegant and versatile miniature PC possible with current technology.
Stores are stocked with an abundance of featherweight gadgets. But some of these tiny gadgets raise a new question: How small is too small?
The European Commission said on Wednesday that France, the Netherlands, Sweden and Finland had unfairly favored Intel in public contracts for computer equipment.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has started an investigation into newspaper circulation reporting after several publications acknowledged exaggerating their sales.
The Phillies have decided to bring all of their managerial candidates in front of the media, where they undergo a quasi second job interview.
Q. Are the Wolverines looking ahead to their game at Purdue in less than two weeks? A. It wouldnt be surprising if the Wolverines are sneaking a peek at the 
AP - A Virgin Atlantic plane was diverted to land at Stansted airport north of London Thursday after receiving a bomb threat, police said.
Pakistan's parliament passes a bill allowing Gen Pervez Musharraf to remain as both president and head of the army.
Crude oil prices rose above US\$54 Thursday on speculation sparked by a pipeline explosion in Mexico and a continued work stoppage in Nigeria.
The British Grand Prix has been given a stay of execution after being included on Formula One #39;s draft 2005 calendar. Silverstone owners the British Racing Drivers #39; Club have 
 quot;disengage quot; from conflict with Palestinians by evacuating all Jewish settlers from Gaza and a few from the West Bank in 2005.
Mitch Kupchak and Jerry Buss issued a four-point written statement. Rudy Tomjanovich offered words of praise outside the locker room.
Atlanta Thrashers forward Dany Heatley agreed to contract terms Wednesday with Bern in Switzerland to play with the club during the NHL lockout.
AP - Diabetic 9-year-old Gabe Mathews had very low blood sugar before a test, but hours later at home his mother found it to be far too high.
PC World - Design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
TechWeb - Adobe releases an upgrade of its consumer-focused photo-editing software, which has been enhanced with new features for improving photo quality.
washingtonpost.com - The iPod helped Apple's profit get up and dance.
A new report calls for the creation of new anti-piracy offices across the US, Europe and Asia.
Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
AP - U.S. forces traded fire with insurgents in the Sunni stronghold of Ramadi following a series of raids, residents said Thursday, and at least eight people were reported killed.
NEW DELHI, 5 December 2004 - Russian President Vladimir Putin clarified his stand yesterday on Moscow favoring Indias membership of the UN Security Council.
Somalia's president-elect, tasked with setting up the first national government in 13 years, is due to take the oath of office in Kenya.
As they traded charges and countercharges on the economy, health care and other domestic issues, President Bush mischaracterized who received the tax cuts that have been the centerpiece 
The shouts of astonishment and outrage echoed from every part of the country yesterday as Canadians contemplated the newly announced federal government budget surplus: \$9.
The constant pattering of the Thunderstixx and the Budweiser jingle further fueled the migraine-like misery sustained Wednesday night by the Houston Astros.
A federal judge ruled against Microsoft on Wednesday in a patent suit challenging  quot;AutoPlay quot; technology included in recent versions of Microsoft Windows.
Afghanistan #39;s electoral commission gave the go-ahead for counting to begin today in the disputed presidential election after charges of fraudulent multiple voting forced a delay.
Design and performance issues hold back this very cool idea.
Thierry Henry scored his first international goal for four months to help struggling France snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over Cyprus.
According to the World Economic Forums ranking, for the second straight year the most competitive economy is Finlands one. Finland hit the top for the quality of its public institutions and the high 
National City Corp. on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 72 percent as the financial holding company benefited from its corporate and consumer businesses and recent acquisitions.
France, the Netherlands, Finland and Sweden are violating European Union law by favouring chips made by Intel over rival AMD when they buy computers, the European Commission has said in formal charges.
President Bush has yet to sign the corporate-tax bill that includes sales-tax relief for Washington state, and there are lots of details to fill in.
PayPal began getting back to normal Tuesday afternoon and improved significantly on Wednesday after a 4-day intermittent problem left many users unable to access their accounts.
IBM has unveiled two new enterprise-class storage arrays which, despite being aimed at different markets, can be managed through a single interface and data can be replicated between them.
Microsoft has released fresh security updates for Office, and an update to its MSN messenger application. The MSN Messenger update brings the product to version 4.0.
Leg spinner Anil Kumble captured seven wickets for 48 runs as Australia were dismissed for 235 on the first day of the second test on Thursday.
England head into a five-month World Cup qualifying break with top slot in Group Six and the knowledge they can ill-afford to be complacent next year.
and predicted the victory would be more impressive than Italy #39;s. The German knows he could be sacked if Scotland 
OTTAWA -- Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says he #39;s looking at another round of tax cuts after revealing the federal government posted a \$9.
Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya could be summoned to a meeting of Formula One #39;s governing body, the FIA, to explain his conduct, according to reports.
The Mets made the expected changes to Art Howe #39;s former staff in announcing yesterday that only pitching coach Rick Peterson would be retained.
Lindsay Davenport will take over the number one spot from Amelie Mauresmo when the rankings are released next week after reaching the Kremlin Cup quarter-finals 
West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez was more concerned about the 89 yards in penalties than the 300-plus yards of rushing offense piled up by his Mountaineers.
Eight civilians were killed and at least three were wounded in two blasts in Baghdad #39;s fortified Green Zone, which houses government offices, Lieutenant Colonel James Hutton, a US military 
General Motors Europe is to slash its workforce by around a fifth, cutting as many as 12,000 jobs in a bid to halt chronic losses in the region.
The German government has reiterated its opposition to sending troops to Iraq, after a top German official suggested otherwise. A spokesman for German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said the German leader told 
The counting of ballots from Afghanistan #39;s Oct. 9 presidential election began after a delay caused by allegations of voting irregularities, the country #39;s electoral commission said.
Low-fare carrier Southwest Airlines Co. said Thursday that its third-quarter profit rose 12.3 percent to beat Wall Street expectations despite higher fuel costs.
Novell Inc has taken its new stance on software patents in order to protect innovation in the industry as a whole, not just the open source community, according to a European regulator.
Italy has sunk down the list of the world #39;s most competitive countries because of bureaucracy, infrastructures and high taxes, a report by the World Economic Forum has revealed.
US car giant General Motors says it is to shed 12,000 jobs in Europe, with Germany bearing the brunt of the losses.
Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third-quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.
A four-day general strike in Nigeria is expected to end shortly, with neither the unions nor government giving ground.
Eight people have been killed in two blasts in Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone, the US military says.
One Chinese hostage held by Islamic militants dies and one is freed in a rescue mission by Pakistan's army.
Scientists have found using a mobile phone for at least 10 years increased the risk of ear tumours.
The European Commission's former chief accountant, who said the EU budget was open to fraud, will fight her dismissal.
The Sierra Leone navy seizes six South Korean trawlers after catching them fishing in their waters.
The US State Department objects to a bill that would require it to set up an office on anti-Semitism.
A sacked Indian film censor who refused to approve a movie on Gujarat riots sues a politician for defamation.
Servers seized by the FBI from the Indymedia alternative media network have been returned.
Well, well, well. The Redskins topped 20 points for the first time since The Restoration. Will wonders ever cease? Quickly now, who had Week 13 in the office pool?
A US judge refuses to lower the \$1million bail for a woman accused of stalking Catherine Zeta Jones.
Those the gods wish to destroy, they first make really dumb
Nokia lost market share in the United States, its biggest market, but said it made "substantial gains" in Western Europe.
&lt;strong&gt;Site offer&lt;/strong&gt; Plus 10 off membership - while stocks last
The \$1.02 per share reported was in line with estimates, as growth in consumer businesses offset declining stock and bond market revenue.
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; It's 10pm, do you know where your DR plan is?
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Do you want a SAN or a SANity check?
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Iomega punts a hard disk autoloader
Hollywood must embrace digital technologies but also fight film piracy, says new US movie industry supremo.
FERGUS FALLS, Minn. - People who went to a local clinic to get a flu shot didn't receive the vaccine they wanted...
Scientists pinpoint a protein they believe holds the key to hearing, and maybe new treatments for deafness.
A scheme which bans fishing east of Lundy Island is having a very beneficial effect on marine wildlife, says English Nature.
Based on 18 months of Envisat observations, this high-resolution global atmospheric map of nitrogen dioxide pollution makes clear just how human activities impact air quality.
THE sight of Andrew Strauss delivering the penultimate over of this mismatch said more about the state of Zimbabwe cricket than any number of words.
CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what might be winding up on U.S. shelves in the not-too-distant future.
CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos travels to Tokyo to find out what may soon be on U.S. shelves.
A lacklustre Real Madrid lost further ground to Barcelona at the top of the Primera Liga table after they were held to a 0-0 draw at Villarreal last night.
The head of Bank of America says the banking giant is unexpectedly gaining northeastern customers just six months after its acquisition of FleetBoston.
SEATTLE - Microsoft has warned of seven newly found flaws in its software that could allow an attacker to steal data and take over a personal computer running the Windows operating system.
Swedish-Japanese mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson more than tripled its third-quarter pretax profits, gained market share on booming demand for its camera phones and 
It #39;s no coincidence that Tracy #39;s Dodgers overachieved while Jackson #39;s last Laker teams will go down as underachievers.
Conventional wisdom said that when the Cardinals and Astros hooked up in the National League Championship Series, there might be a few runs scored.
The Cardinals' late-season acquisition of outfielder Larry Walker continues to reap dividends.
From the book,  quot;The Rivals quot; by the baseball writers of the Boston Globe and New York Times, published by St. Martin's Press.
Move over, terrorism. Attorney General John Ashcroft pledges to make fighting piracy a top priority for the Justice Department. By Katie Dean.
Forget about cumbersome, multifunctional PDAs. The future is an open book. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
Microsoft and Sun have declared some progress in their efforts to achieve interoperability citing co-operation on web services standardisation and deployment of Windows on Sun systems.
roundup Pocket DJ 5 has bigger drive, smaller price tag. Virgin's got a tiny tunesmith, too.
Pocket DJ 5 undercuts price of iPod Mini music player. Consumer push also includes plasma-screen TVs.
By MARK JEWELL    CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) -- The surveillance cameras that keep watch over our daily activities are being watched...
IN football terms, it #39;s simply known as an offensive line, but Jets right tackle Kareem McKenzie compares it to an orchestra. Call it the Meadowlands Pops.
Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp.
The European Commission on Wednesday expanded its investigation to determine whether public institutions in Europe gave an unfair advantage to Intel Corp.
Human activity has raised the risk of more heat waves like last years, which gave Europe probably its hottest summer since 1500, scientists said on Wednesday.
AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder travels to Libya to add impetus to the former pariah state's transition to democracy and finalise several major business deals.
CALGARY - Oil and gas company Nexen Inc. posted higher third-quarter earnings on Thursday, but also lowered its production target for the year.
Walt Disney Co. has given maverick Hollywood movie moguls Harvey and Bob Weinstein notice that it intends to end their Oscar-winning partnership after 12 years.
ENGLAND soccer captain David Beckham is at the centre of a fresh scandal, this time an innocent victim involving a Spanish prostitute.
Police commanders toured the Al Aqsa Mosque compound Thursday, ahead of a final decision by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on whether to restrict access of Muslim worshippers.
HD DVD is gaining momentum with Hollywood studios. Several studios have announced their intentions to go with the Toshiba format, among them New Line Cinema, Paramount 
ASP NetSuite on Thursday unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on "upsell" and e-commerce functionality.
A computer crash that forced a pre-election test of electronic voting machines to be postponed was trumpeted by critics as proof of the balloting technology's unreliability.
With its new Walkman music player, Sony has broken with its tradition of promoting its own proprietary formats. The NW-HD3 will let users import and export tracks in the 
Australia captain George Gregan has signed a three-year contract with the Wallabies which will take him through the 2007 World Cup in France.
AFP - A Virgin Atlantic flight from Hong Kong to London was forced to divert to a less busy airport by what turned out to be a hoax bomb threat.
AP - A man identified as a Turkish truck driver kidnapped in Iraq was beheaded in a video shown on an Islamic Web site Thursday.
Plus: Adobe strong despite drop...Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit...Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit.
Treasury debt prices ticked higher briefly before turning flat on Thursday after jobless claims rose more than forecast and the US trade deficit balooned even wider than expected.
Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson has reported a steep year-on-year incline in revenues for the third quarter, as the public appetite for sophisticated handsets heightens.
MSN Music is a US-only shop, unlike iTunes, and doesn #39;t offer any gift certificates or purchase allowances, although those are planned for later.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown insists the only person who should be allowed to decide Berti Vogts #39; future is Vogts himself.
AP - Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is expected to plead guilty in Atlanta traffic court Thursday to his second drunken driving charge.
The Nordics fared well because of their long-held ideals of keeping corruption clamped down and respect for contracts, rule of law and dedication to one-on-one business relationships.
The president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas is in line to be the next chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System. Robert D. McTeer Jr.
A Russian rocket carrying two cosmonauts and one US astronaut launched successfully Thursday on a mission to the International Space Station.
Consumers buy Dell products directly from the company rather than through retail stores. That has allowed Dell to gobble market share for PCs, laptops and servers and become the No.
Police in Austin, Texas, want to question a Yorkshire man over allegations that he had sex with a teenage girl he met in an internet chatroom.
The pack addresses several stability issues with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Entourage and Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications for Office 2004.
Hometown hero Yao Ming scored 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings Thursday night in the first ever NBA game played in China.
Australian captain George Gregan has re-signed with the Australian Rugby Union for three years, the ARU and the ACT Brumbies said Thursday.
CAIRO, Egypt Oct. 14, 2004 - A man identified as a Turkish truck driver kidnapped in Iraq was beheaded in a video shown on an Islamic Web site Thursday.
AN Israeli army company commander has been suspended from duty while superiors investigate claims he fired 20 bullets into the prostrate body of a 13-year-old Palestinian girl.
Former Haitian soldiers who fought to oust former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide say they intend to provide security to help stop street violence in the capital, Port-au-Prince.
The price of crude reaches a new high in the US,  driven up by official data showing a decline in heating oil stocks.
Struggling German department store KarstadtQuelle reaches agreement with its main union to cut 5,500 jobs,  a move which should help save  it 760m euros.
Copper prices fall for the second day running amid fears of falling demand from key markets in China and the US.
Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday it agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp.
Jordan demands proof of a claim that senior al-Qaeda suspects are being held at a secret US base in the country.
DON #39;T think the Sven-Goran Eriksson formation team will keep performing the quickstep despite their cavalier style against Azerbaijan.
: A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in today as the new President of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a Central Government for the first time since 1991.
Google has released a tool that lets people search documents, e-mails or spreadsheets stored on a PC.
Nokia has announced its third quarter results, beating expectations and growing market share, but showing a decline in revenues from mobile phones after a price cuts pushed through in the previous quarter.
Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal, who is serving a 21-day jail sentence for being arrested while on probation, pleaded guilty Thursday to his second drunk driving charge.
After listening to Jerry Rice spend two days talking about his desire to move on to a team that will better utilize his services, the Oakland Raiders got the message Wednesday.
General Motors lowered its forecast for the entire year only hours after announcing plans to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe by 2006.
According to anti-virus firm Sophos, there are quite a few messages posted about pictures of Beckham with a woman in an enticing position.
Southwest Airlines Co. reported a 12 percent jump in profit today, as its decision to buy fuel in advance helped insulate the low-cost carrier from rising fuel prices.
The U.S. trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, the second highest level in history.
Three American civilians were killed in a brazen attack that punctured any illusions of a safe haven in the capital.
NEW YORK - A disappointing earnings report from General Motors Corp. and another rise in crude oil prices sent stocks lower Thursday as investors grew even more nervous about the economy...
Donald Trump and QVC learn that live television may promise plenty but deliver slowly.
Marking what the companies believe is the beginning of continued cooperation in next-generation manufacturing technology, Toshiba Corp.
AP - The state plans to start eight projects related to Everglades restoration, including building reservoirs that could ease suburban flooding and environmental damage from hurricanes, officials said Thursday.
Nigerian labor leaders say they will end a four-day old general strike called to protest rising fuel prices in Africa #39;s largest oil-producing nation.
Counting of ballots began in Afghanistan Thursday, five days after the country #39;s first direct elections for president, the BBC reported.
America West Airlines is in talks to buy all or part of ATA Holdings Corp., parent of ATA Airlines, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday night on its Web site.
Google has released Google Desktop Search, which enables users to search their desktop computers using the same technology as Google #39;s online-search tool.
According to reports, copies of the eagerly awaited Halo 2 Xbox game made an impromptu debut last night on Usenet groups and pirate sites.
Austin police are working with overseas officials to bring charges against an English man for sexual assault of a child, a second-degree felony.
Formula One #39;s governing body will summon Juan Pablo Montoya to a meeting in December to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said today.
Injunction sought to prevent export of journalists' data
Distraught staff receive counselling over unpaid bill
To prevent public interest issues being overlooked
The UK music industry is granted a court order forcing ISPs to reveal the names of alleged illegal file-sharers.
MALCOLM Glazers bid to takeover Manchester United was rumoured to be close to collapse following a dramatic fall in the club #39;s share prices.
Chinese leaders have closed a key economic meeting with pledges to maintain stable fiscal and monetary policies in 2005 and keep a tight lid on fixed-asset investment.
The companies expand a security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto their networks.
Swedish research institute finds that 10 or more years of cell phone use may increase the risk of acoustic neuroma, a noncancerous tumor.
Telecommunications giant tries to attract consumers who make few long-distance calls with a \$20-per-month local plan.
Intel touts WiMax, but analysts say it likely won't go beyond niche applications.
washingtonpost.com - For Apple Computer, will 2004 be remembered as a transformative year?
IBM Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
Long-term use increases the risk of developing tumors, new research indicates.
In-store CD burning service will be installed in coffeehouses in Seattle and Texas.
US tycoon Malcolm Glazer's plans for a controlling interest in Man Utd are reportedly close to collapse.
Recent updates to IE contain a serious regression that leaves systems once more vulnerable to a flaw fixed more than two years ago, according to security researchers.\
Online search engine leader Google introduced a new software program today that promises to scour through the clutter of files on hard drives.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Mortgage rates edged lower as a weak employment report pointed to a softer economy, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
Treasury debt prices climbed on Thursday as higher jobless claims, a widening trade deficit and record high oil prices gave the market a positive tilt.
The British music industry has won a crucial High Court decision that forces Internet service providers to hand over the identity of people accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.
Formula One #39;s governing body will summon Colombian Juan Pablo Montoya to a meeting in December to explain his conduct, motor sport sources said on Thursday.
Pakistani tribal elders hold a meeting to discuss the release of Chinese engineers in Barwand of South Waziristan, Pakistan along Afghanistan border on Tuesday, Oct. 12, 2004.
Oil prices roared to fresh record highs\on Thursday as the U.S. government reported another fall in\heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
New York state officials say they expect two insurance company executives to plead guilty in a corruption probe into bid-rigging in the insurance brokerage industry.
Brokers required to provide competing bids to customers have been taking payoffs from insurance companies resulting in widespread corruption in the industry, New York's Attorney General charged today.
ASP NetSuite this week unveiled the latest version of its hosted applications suite with a focus on  quot;upsell quot; and e-commerce functionality.
Having effectively decided all but the final piece in his England jigsaw, Sven-Goran Eriksson at least finds himself confronted with a wealth of potential selection options.
Mixing of the votes cast for the first-Afghan presidential elections began in parts of the country this morning, a spokesman of the Joint Electoral Management Body (JEMB) said Thursday evening.
Company has brought in hundreds of millions of dollars in consulting revenue related to Microsoft's .Net software in the past two years.
Oil prices have moved above \$54 a barrel after the government reported a decline in the supply of distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
Shareholders in Abbey National PLC voted overwhelmingly Thursday to approve the bank #39;s acquisition by Santander Central Hispano of Spain.
Sun Java Workstations are designed to support simultaneous 32-bit and 64-bit computing with no compromises in performance, allowing users to maintain their existing x86 infrastructure 
Cristiano Ronaldo had plundered a double against Russia and the Portuguese teenager grinned like he had just received an early Christmas present.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices roared to fresh record highs  on Thursday as the U.S. government reported another fall in  heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.
George W Bush and John Kerry go into the final three weeks of campaigning after their last TV debate.
Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp. (FHCC.
The number of people filing initial claims for US jobless aid rose more than expected to 352,000 last week, a government report showed Thursday.
Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson today reported that it had more than trebled third quarter pre-tax profits, but the market leader, Nokia, reported a 20 fall.
Drug stocks continued to slide on the week toward new 52-week lows as a few bright spots were eclipsed by losses in large-cap stocks.
Was this a crack in the defenses, or was it a calculated retreat to more favorable ground for what is shaping up to be the decisive battle on employee stock options?
Cypress Semiconductor Corp., which makes computer and communications chips, on Thursday said third-quarter profit dropped as demand dried up throughout the industry.
Leroy Chiao has ever flown in a Soyuz spacecraft, before, but the three lifted off early Thursday from Kazakhstan en route to the International Space Station.
In a move that beats competitors Yahoo, Microsoft, America Online and Ask Jeeves to the starting gate, Internet search giant Google (GOOG) on Thursday announced a program enhancement 
Dell Inc. on Thursday continued its push beyond the PC into consumer electronics with the introduction of a mini-version of its digital music player that will compete with Apple Computer Inc.
Motorola plans to carry out a trial of cell phones incorporating MasterCard #39;s PayPass contactless payment technology. The cell phones will enable customers to make payments by positioning 
IBM is aiming to take a larger share of the \$60 billion data-storage market with the introduction of two new disk-storage servers.
National Basketball Association star Yao Ming of China thrilled his hometown fans with 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings in Shanghai.
Malcolm Glazers bid for Manchester United is dead in the water after major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus told the American there was no basis for a deal.
CONCORD, NC (Oct. 14, 2004) - Roush Racings Mark Martin announced today that next season will be his last racing for the NEXTEL Cup.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip next May or June and complete the pullout within three months.
MANHASSET, NY - The Federal Communications Commission voted Thursday (Oct. 14) to modified its rules to open the door to the widespread deployment of broadband access over power lines.
A decision by the state #39;s tightfisted finance director to step down has fueled speculation inside the Capitol about a possible shift on spending issues by Gov.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
Fulham striker Andy Cole has had his three-match suspension reduced to one by the Football Association after a successful appeal. Cole had been suspended for a total of six games after incidents in the away 
Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the AL Championship Series Sunday because of a dislocated tendon in his right ankle.
London, England (Sports Network) - An appeal by Fulham to the English Football Association was successful on Thursday. The FA scaled back its original ban on Andrew Cole from six matches to four.
Four American contractors providing security for the US Embassy were among at least 10 people killed in two blasts inside Baghdad #39;s Green Zone, prompting the US-led military coalition 
Ex-soldiers who helped topple former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide on Wednesday vowed to end escalating street warfare in the Haitian capital while 
AP - The debates of 2004 may be remembered more for pained facial expressions than ringing words. Is there one line that will survive the week, never mind the ages?
Directors of banking giant Abbey National today faced harsh criticism from shareholders angry at the decision to sell out to Spain #39;s largest bank.
Starbucks will begin rolling out next week the in-store CD burning service it announced in conjunction with Hewlett-Packard back in March.
Twenty-eight US soldiers face possible charges over the deaths of two prisoners in Afghanistan, the Army says.
Greater protection to great white sharks and other big fish are among successes to emerge from the world species summit.
The emir of Qatar receives his father back to the country for the first time since ousting him in 1995.
Notre Dame goalkeeper Erika Bohn seals the Irish's second NCAA championship with a save in penalty kicks to lift them to a 4-3 victory over North Carolina on Sunday.
Defending champion Ernie Els recovered from a sluggish start to lead Briton Scott Drummond by two holes with two to play after a rainswept opening day 
Republicans raised questions about John Kerry's motives; Democrats countered that the G.O.P. was throwing up a smokescreen.
The Israeli prime minister said today that he wanted to begin withdrawing settlers from Gaza next May or June.
NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp. issued a disappointing earnings report...
The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday made more of the local phone companies #39; high-speed fiber networks free from competition rules.
Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc on Thursday said it will continue to pursue legal action against former chairman Conrad Black, despite being dealt a setback last week.
THE variation in the net profit after tax figure between unaudited and audited results of companies should not exceed 10 per cent or Rs 10 lakh, whichever is higher.
AP - Monitoring the gases emitted by lava from Mount St. Helens might provide clues to future eruptions, a British volcano expert reported Thursday.
Iraq's interim president says Ghazi al-Yawar the 30 January poll must go ahead, despite continuing violence.
A Boeing 747-200 aircraft with seven crew members aboard crashed Thursday at Halifax International Airport. All seven aboard the jet, which is owned by MK Airlines Ltd.
33 Palestinians, 23 of whom are civilians, including 7 children and a mentally disabled man, were killed by Israeli Occupation Forces (IOF).
Donovan McNabb sets a career high with five touchdown passes and an Eagles' team-record 464 yards as Philadelphia outclasses the Packers, 47-17.
The NBA has no plans to change its rules for the 3-point shot, though it will proceed with an experiment for its developmental league in which all field goals will be worth 
PC World - Violations appears to be commonplace, even though professionals agree it is risky.
Environmental campaigners say plans for a dam in Montenegro will threaten a Unesco world heritage site.
British scientists are claiming a world first after finding a way to use hydrogen to fuel cars.
Fifty years ago, Hurricane Hazel unleashed death and devastation from South Carolina to Canada. The powerful storm also spurred new hurricane research and monitoring methods.
Paleontologists say they have discovered the fossil remains of a duck-size dinosaur species, previously unknown to science, that died while catching some z's.
Smart clothing that adjusts to body temperature and moisture is being developed by British researchers. Their inspiration: pine cones.
A tiny fish that no one eats or cares about may tell researchers a lot about the health of Caribbean coral reefs and where to focus conservation efforts.
A complete switch "would mean significant additional costs without improving the service provided," a French official says.
Cancels release of desktop chip in shift away from megahertz towards cache tweaks to improve processor performance.
A Portuguese-sounding version of the virus has appeared in the wild. Be wary of mail from Manaus.
Companies expand security alliance to help businesses keep worms and viruses from getting onto networks.
The Army's recommendation marked the completion of a nearly 2-year-old investigation into the deaths of two prisoners.
Agency gives phone companies more leeway in sharing connections. Also: Broadband over power lines gets green light.
Company delays divestiture of manufacturing assets, as it focuses on its financial restatement.
Microsoft vows to punish whoever stole the hotly anticipated Xbox game, due for release next month. \
AP - Hometown hero Yao Ming scored 14 points to lead the Houston Rockets to an 88-86 win over the Sacramento Kings Thursday night in the first ever NBA game played in China.
AP - Liechtenstein is on a roll. Andorra finally has won a game. And make no mistake, Albania looks like a threat.
Company will break its promise to deliver a speedier chip, shifts focus to dual-core designs.
Violations appears to be commonplace, even though professionals agree it is risky.
Products coming this holiday season also include new photo printers.
Boston ace Curt Schilling will not start Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday because of an injured right ankle. Derek Lowe will start in his place.
AP - Democrat or Republican, whether for this fall or 2006, it's never too early to jockey for position in the Senate, especially if party leadership might be the prize.
Insurgents hand-carried explosives into the most fortified section of Baghdad Thursday and detonated them within seconds of each other, killing 10 people and wounding 20.
General Motors lowered its forecast for the entire year only hours after announcing plans to cut 12,000 jobs in Europe by 2006.
A Netflix policy has Bill Mann wondering -- is it because the company needs to, or it just can?
Nintendo mulls animated films and making its DS device an interactive tool in theaters.
PC users might look at competitors after dealing with patches for patches.
Apple Computer Inc. AAPL.O may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but 
Fifty-seven nations and international organizations have concluded a two-day meeting in Japan devoted to raising funds for rebuilding Iraq.
Jewish settlers in the Gaza Strip will be removed from their homes next summer, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Thursday, and in the meantime he said Israel will broaden its military offensive there.
Six wins in a row have lifted the Green Bay Packers to the top of their division and into the NFC elite, which isn #39;t saying much.
AP - Steve Jobs, the charismatic chief executive of Apple Computer Inc. and Pixar Animation Studios, is back on the job after undergoing cancer surgery.
California was home to more than a quarter of new tech jobs posted in September, a recent study indicates.
The graphics specialist hopes to take a bite out of Adobe's Photoshop business with the acquisition. \
Australian rugby league coach Wayne Bennett yesterday slammed the perception that the Kangaroos would have to lose the Tri-Nations final for the tournament to succeed.
Two Britons are feared to have been killed in a cargo plane which crashed immediately after take-off in eastern Canada and burst into flames.
AP - The Senate's most senior member on Thursday defended Sen. Mark Dayton's decision to close his Washington office over concerns about a terrorist attack.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  decided on Thursday that Israeli forces could withdraw from a  teeming refugee camp in northern Gaza, media reports said.
The state of West Virginia is developing the first state-sponsored open public Internet grid computing effort. The tool will be used in such fields as biometrics and cancer research.
Using lessons learned from a difficult implementation four years ago, the city of Los Angeles is finding an easier time in its second major rollout of PeopleSoft software.
PC World reviewer says Windows XP-based handheld's poor design and performance make it tough to recommend.
Apple Computer's iPod music player helped the company increase revenue at a dizzying rate, leading to its highest fourth-quarter revenue in nine years.
IBM and Cisco Systems unveiled product updates that will link technology from the two companies more closely together to protect customer networks from security threats.
Within two weeks of the firing of CEO Craig Conway, PeopleSoft has seen the departure of Ram Gupta, senior vice president of products and technology.
Companies that have until 2005 to document their IT and financial controls under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are using documentation software to help them prepare ahead of time.
Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. on Thursday cut its subscription price and said it was changing its strategy to sacrifice healthy profits for growth in the face of strong competition.
Airbus inflamed the transatlantic trade dispute with Boeing yesterday by declaring that it would apply for up to 1bn (690m) in launch aid for its proposed 
The British music industry won an important High Court decision Thursday that would force Internet service providers to hand over the identity of Britons accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.
Forget about Hubie Brown, Jerry Sloan and Larry Brown Terry Porter should have been last season #39;s Coach of the Year if only for getting the most out of the least.
One Chinese hostage was freed and another killed when Pakistani commandos stormed the hideout of Islamic militants in northwestern Pakistan today, government officials said.
TAIPEI - Taiwan denied that the island #39;s nuclear weapons programme - abandoned in the 1980s - involved experimenting with separating plutonium.
AP - More lava emerged Thursday on the crater floor of Mount St. Helens, expanding a rock formation building on the volcano's old lava dome.
The Israeli military killed four Palestinian militants on Wednesday as troops in tanks and armored vehicles pushed into another town in the northern Gaza Strip, extending 
The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported Thursday.
Indianapolis-based drug manufacturer, Eli Lilly, is eliminating 575 US jobs, in order to streamline operations and become more competitive.
WASHINGTON - Frogs, toads and newts face worldwide environmental threats, according to a new study by more than 500 scientists from over 60 nations.
WASHINGTON - Monitoring the gases emitted by lava from Mount St. Helens might provide clues to future eruptions, a British volcano expert says.
Some of the real estate coveted most by the Internet giants isn #39;t on the Internet at all. It #39;s on your computer hard drive.
The High Court this morning granted the music industry the power to request the names and addresses of the 28 file sharers the industry aims to litigate against.
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - IBM and Cisco Systems are broadening their security alliance to offer new automatic security applications for enterprise networks.
Many emerging market businesses will soon have access to the IBM Rational software development platform for the first time, through the open source Eclipse development framework.
PayPal, the popular payment method on auction site eBay Inc., said Wednesday the technical problems that left many users unable to access their accounts or conduct business appear to over.
The group that sets US accounting rules decided yesterday to delay for six months its plan to force companies to treat stock option grants as immediate expenses.
Newspaper publisher Hollinger International Inc. said Thursday it intends to refile the bulk of its dismissed case against ousted CEO Conrad Black and associates, intent on winning 
WASHINGTON An investment firm has told Mylan Laboratories that a proposed acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals is not in the best interests of investors.
The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, second highest level in history. The politically sensitive 
America Online on Thursday confirmed it is testing a new search engine that scans for files on a PC #39;s hard drive, mirroring a similar product unveiled this week by Google.
Already the Phoenix Coyotes managing partner, The Great One was asked by general manager Mike Barnett if he #39;d be interested in running the team from behind the bench, too.
The British Grand Prix got a second chance in 2005, after Formula One bosses put it in 2005 #39;s race calendar - as long as a deal can be reached.
Suicide bombers penetrated the headquarters of allied forces in Iraq for the first time yesterday, killing 10 people and provoking an urgent review of security in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
roundup Plus: Profits, revenue climb at Rambus...Apple iTunes sales quicken...Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal.
Server and software maker says it beat targets, but laid off more workers than expected in the first quarter.
It's the second time this year the disk drive maker has seen its CFO resign.
Memory designer Rambus reported a rise in net income to \$10.4 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of \$38.8 million in the third quarter.
Big Blue plans to announce the servers Friday, sources say, stirring up major new challenges for Sun and HP.
Reported comments from Sony exec raise doubts about launch of games handheld, which will include MP3 support.
Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
Google unveils its first desktop application for searching through personal files on the PC and through a person's Web history.
AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder arrived in Libya for an official visit during which he is to hold talks with Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi.
AP - The House Democratic leader Thursday asked for an investigation of alleged threatening remarks made to the ethics committee chairman by GOP lawmakers.
US military pressure against insurgents, coupled with Iraqi government efforts to negotiate, may be gaining traction.
The influx of doctors has created teething problems, some amusing - like the language confusion - some more serious.
A four-day general strike ends in Nigeria but unions threaten more action in two weeks if petrol prices stay high.
Israel says it will not limit the number of Muslims at Jerusalem's holy site during the Ramadan fasting month.
The US Agency for International Development awards American firm Louis Berger two Iraqi reconstruction contracts worth a total \$208m.
Boston ace Curt Schilling will not face the Yankees on Sunday because of an injured right ankle, though it's possible he could return later in the series.
Houston put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the N.L. Championship Series tonight.
Revenue for the network computer maker rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines, the company said today.
Investor's Business Daily - Why does it matter who runs your mutual fund? Oppenheimer MidCap Fund is Exhibit A.
NATIONAL Australia Bank yesterday announced it had hired the investment bank Lazards to gauge buying interest for its Irish banks, signalling it was prepared to leave part of its European market.
Financial services firm SunTrust Banks Inc. said Thursday that it received notice that the Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an informal inquiry into the company #39;s recent announcement that it 
SOMETIMES even the largest technology companies act as if their chief scientist or head of marketing has gone to town with a cow and traded it for a bean.
BOSTON -- Screeching guitars and loud rock and roll bounced around the empty seats in Fenway Park here Thursday afternoon as the Boston Red Sox took batting practice.
No, his position in the starting lineup isn #39;t solidified after one preseason game, and there #39;s a big question mark surrounding his future.
AP - Federal regulators approved new rules Thursday aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans. Critics contended the action will hinder competition in broadband services and keep prices high.
Dell is expected to expand its line of line of consumer electronics this week, possibly taking the wraps off of a challenger to Apple Computer #39;s iPod Mini music player.
PHOENIX -- Phoenix managing partner Wayne Gretzky, asked if he was interested in coaching the Coyotes, put the idea on the back burner.
_ A Connecticut man working for a private security company was among several people killed Thursday when two bombs exploded in the tightly guarded area of Baghdad known as the Green Zone.
AFP - The US military is investigating 28 soldiers over the deaths in December 2002 of two detainees in American custody in Afghanistan, the US Army said.
Scientists say they have developed an effective vaccine against malaria that could be ready for use in six years.
Amazon.com plans to enter the DVD rental business in a move that will put the online retail giant in direct competition with Netflix.
SHAREHOLDERS in Abbey yesterday tore into the bank over its coming takeover by Spanish bank Santander, attempting to scupper the 8.
A replacement crew for the International Space Station blasted off aboard a Soyuz spacecraft from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia early today.
Almost a third of the world #39;s frogs, toads, salamanders and other amphibians are threatened with extinction within 100 years, according to a study.
Pakistani commandos on Thursday freed two Chinese engineers taken hostage near the Afghan border and killed their five kidnappers, who are led by a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner, officials said.
Donor nations wrapped up a two-day meeting Thursday with pledges to speed up projects to rebuild Iraq possibly by using more Iraqis to implement 
The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion (R355 billion) in August, the second-highest level in history.
Shares in China Power International jumped in the electricity generator #39;s Hong Kong debut Friday following a hugely popular initial public offer.
Northwest Airlines and its pilots union reached tentative agreement yesterday on a deal that would save the airline \$300 million in labor costs.
Like a captivating novel, the 650-page tax act headed toward President Bush #39;s desk will make you want to laugh, cry and scream.
Downloading the pirated version of Halo 2 is a disservice to an honest team of creators. October 14, 2004 - Halo 2 is the Xbox game of the year.
 quot;These applications will not be large enough to sustain the multitude of silicon suppliers and equipment manufacturers who have expressed interest in developing products for WiMAX.
Sun Microsystems has quietly delivered on its promise of a Solaris flavor of JDS (Java Desktop System), its alternative to Microsoft Windows.
No matter what happens from now on, Retief Goosen has earned a place in the record books of the HSBC World Match Play championship.
Saturday #39;s homecoming game against Vanderbilt will be the final Southeastern Conference home game for Georgia this season. The No.
Kevin Garnett scored 26 points to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 99-96 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in an exhibition game Thursday night.
Jamal Crawford got his first start in a Knicks uniform Thursday night, showing a glimpse of what, exactly, was not entirely clear.
Once upon a time, before the Internet, the Bowl Championship Series and the zone blitz, Navy #39;s football team routinely beat Notre Dame.
At least two of the crew members of a cargo plane that crashed in Canada were South Africans, Ronnie Mamoepa, foreign affairs department spokesperson, confirmed today.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepted an army plan to reduce the number of soldiers mounting an operation in the Gaza Strip aimed at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks, the Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz said.
Zimbabwe #39;s security went on high alert Friday ahead of a verdict in the treason trial of popular opposition leader Morgan Tsavangirai.
Brazil has called for more UN troops to be sent to Haiti to curb a wave of unrest in which more than 40 people have been killed in a fortnight.
 BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty men, women and children claiming  to be North Koreans broke into the South Korean consulate in  Beijing Friday seeking asylum, a diplomatic source said.
Brazil calls for more UN troops to be sent to Haiti to curb a wave of violence in which dozens have died.
Michael Jackson's defence teams fails in an attempt to have child abuse charges thrown out of court.
Ivory Coast's president urges former rebels to start disarming on Friday, but they refuse to do so.
Actors Jude Law and Sienna Miller attend world premiere of the movie remake of Alfie in London's Leicester Square.
Reuters - Nicaragua's unpopular\president faces possible removal from office after a special\Congressional committee was created on Thursday to explore\corruption charges against him.
AP - Bosnian Serb forces killed more than 7,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica, a Bosnian Serb commission conceded Thursday in its final report on the 1995 massacre.
The New York state attorney general accused the world's largest insurance broker of cheating customers by rigging prices in exchange for kickbacks.
For the first time, researchers say, a vaccine against malaria has shown that it can save children from infection or death.
The F.C.C. adopted rules that will enable utility companies to offer an alternative to broadband services now provided by cable and phone companies.
The Ford Motor Company is making a push to convince Americans that a new crop of cars are worth buying on their own merits, not because of rebates or financing.
Brent Geiberger took advantage of ideal morning conditions to earn a share of the clubhouse lead with a 6-under-par 66 during the first 
Ryan Clark may start in place of injured safety Matt Bowen when the Redskins play the Bears on Sunday.
College basketball teams around the nation, and several local schools will get the madness started Friday.
Since starting in the Gator Bowl as a redshirt freshman, senior safety Mike Daniels has made valuable contributions under the radar while waiting for his chance to play more.
Maryland's Lou Lombardo has steadily climbed the depth chart to become a starting offensive lineman while conquering a sizeable obstacle off the field: dyslexia.
Big Blue plans is expected to announce the servers Friday, stirring up major new challenges for Sun and HP. \
Air New Zealand will increase services to Western Australia, operating daily direct services between Auckland and Perth during the Australian summer.
Google, the world #39;s most popular search engine announced the launch of a beta desktop search utility application that goes beyond basic web search.
NetSuite has released version 10.0 of its hosted business software, which incorporates new e-commerce, analytics and sales features.
FOR this, the Boston Red Sox spent all that time, energy and money last winter? They built the team for this series? This is the best they could do?
Manchester United fans are hoping people power can help beat off an Old Trafford takeover bid from American billionaire Malcolm Glazer.
American troops and Iraqi special forces launched a major operation in Falluja late Thursday aimed at disrupting future attacks by insurgents who control the volatile city, the US military said.
A former soldier, rebel and warlord was sworn in Thursday as the new president of Somalia in the latest attempt to unite the nation under a central government for the first time since 1991.
The next generation of passenger jets from the world #39;s biggest airplane manufacturers will soon be coming off the production line.
Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Frank Gore scored from one yard out in the final minute to lift the third-ranked Miami Hurricanes to a 41-38 victory over No.
Sun Microsystems today posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose year over year for the second consecutive quarter after three years of declines.
Nokia said on Thursday that its third-quarter profit was higher than many analysts had forecast, but still a fifth lower than a year ago.
Reuters - Peru will submit a second request to\Japan to extradite former President Alberto Fujimori to face\charges of corruption, the Peruvian Embassy said Friday.
The trade deficit increased to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in US exports, the government reported yesterday.
Computer users have long complained that using Microsoft Windows to find files on a desktop hard drive is considerably tougher than using Google to find information in the vast reaches of the Internet.
The Zen master says he engaged in a  quot;psychological war quot; with Kobe Bryant last season, the details of which are to be released in book form next month.
The No. 18 Louisville Cardinals flummoxed the No. 3 team in the nation Thursday night. They forcibly seized the notice of the college football world.
Top seed David Nalbandian held off a spirited late challenge by Stefan Koubek to reach the quarter-finals of the Vienna Trophy on Thursday.
LONDON (CP) - The crash of a Boeing 747 cargo plane in Halifax on Thursday that killed seven people was the fourth crash in 14 years for MK Airlines.
TAIPEI, Taiwan - A strong earthquake rocked Taiwan #39;s capital during the lunch rush on Friday, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
Oil prices soared to another record high of almost 55 US dollars a barrel on Thursday as Washington reported another fall in heating fuel stocks before winter.
Watch out, cable. Reddy Kilowatt can now invade your turf as the FCC on Thursday approved regulations that allow power companies to provide broadband services.
Hollinger International #39;s legal fight against its disgraced former CEO Conrad Black is far from over. Less than a week after a judge dismissed racketeering claims brought 
Tuesday, in the computing community, is now known as patch Tuesday. That #39;s because Microsoft has taken to releasing operating system and browser fixes on Tuesdays.
The good people of the Midwest hope you have been enjoying following the Big Dance, that high-stakes, hotly anticipated tournament taking place back east.
and seven months after his leading UCF to its third NCAA Tournament -- men #39;s basketball Coach Kirk Speraw signed an incentive-laden contract 
AP - Brad Lidge spent much of the seventh and eighth innings warming up in the bullpen, ready to take his place on the mound.
US warplanes launched sustained and fierce attacks on the rebel-held Iraqi town of Falluja on Thursday, witnesses said. They said explosions could be heard in the attacks, a day after 
The Israeli Army has suspended an officer accused of riddling the body of a Palestinian school girl with bullets after fellow soldiers killed her.
AP - Sergio Garcia shot a 4-under 66 Thursday and shared the lead with Carlos Rodiles in the rain-delayed first round of the Mallorca Classic.
A US bankruptcy court judge approved an agreement yesterday that extends US Airways Group Inc. #39;s ability to draw on cash from its lenders to fund operations through mid-January.
The world #39;s largest chip maker will shift research spending to a 3.8 GHz Pentium chip that will have twice the memory of the current version.
To introduce its six new cars and trucks, Ford Motor Co. #39;s namesake brand is launching an aggressive and energetic marketing campaign.
Again, yesterday Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) warned about newly found security flaws in Windows that could allow an attacker to steal data on your PC.
A series of X-Prizes for the scientific or technological breakthroughs that tackle the most important challenges facing humans are being planned.
Apple Computer Inc. reported yesterday that profit in its fourth fiscal quarter jumped 140 percent from the comparable quarter last year.
IBM plans to announce two new top-end Unix servers, sources familiar with its plans said, opening major new challenges to Sun and HP.
Defending champion Ernie Els completed a 2-and-1 victory over Briton Scott Drummond when the rain-delayed World Match Play Championship first round resumed at Wentworth Friday.
Italian Valentino Rossi, chasing a fourth consecutive premier race world title, has grabbed provisional pole after initial qualifying in the Australian MotoGP at Phillip Island in Victoria.
Little-known Jason Dufner birdied the difficult 17th hole en route to a one-stroke lead on Thursday in the first round of the Greater Greensboro Classic.
On the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, Iraq #39;s most-feared terrorist group claimed credit for setting off two bombs in the heavily fortified 
KABUL, Afghanistan Early results show interim Afghan president Hamid Karzai leading in that country #39;s first free presidential election.
Missing nuclear-related equipment in Iraq was removed by experts working systematically over an extended period, diplomats said Thursday, contradicting Iraqi officials 
St. Louis manager Tony La Russa was looking for a positive spin on the opening-round postseason struggles of Cardinals clean- up hitter Scott Rolen and quickly 
Internet search leader Google Inc. yesterday introduced Google Desktop Search, a free program that creates an index of the files on a user #39;s own computer.
American forces in Iraq launched a fresh offensive today against the terrorists responsible for the murder of British hostage Ken Bigley and two US captives.
A drug addicted drifter was today starting a life sentence after he was found guilty of murdering British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in Australia.
Already there are tales of Stephon Marbury and Jamal Crawford finishing each other #39;s sentences. The energetic backcourt tandem officially began trading phone calls when 
NEW YORK - Investors sent stocks falling sharply for a second straight day Thursday as crude oil prices surged near \$55 per barrel and General Motors Corp.
Bombers infiltrated the fortified Green Zone district that houses US and Iraqi leaders yesterday and killed at least six people, including four Americans, in simultaneous lunchtime 
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said in the Irish capital of Dublin on Thursday that Europe shouldoffer more help for the United Nations global peacekeeping operations.
Most musicians see the internet as more of an opportunity than a threat to their livelihood, research suggests.
American rapper Eminem is to launch a satellite music radio channel called Shade 45 later this month. On 28 October Shade 45 will broadcast its first programme - a live concert from New York.
Russians were winners in four of five matches played Wednesday at the ATP stop in Moscow, with the only upset caused by Italian Francesca Schiavone knocking out No.
Supporters of Zimbabwe #39;s opposition leader gathered outside court on to hear the verdict in his treason trial, which could see him sentenced to death.
One Palestinian was killed and three others were seriously injured when an Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a group of people in the Jabalya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip early Friday morning.
Google unveiled a desktop search agent yesterday that lets users find any information stored on their computer, including visited Web pages, files and e-mail as well as instant messages.
Insurance firms are left  reeling as New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer sues Marsh   McLennan, the world's largest insurance broker, for taking illegal payments.
Yukos'  future is thrown into fresh doubt amid reports that Russia is planning to sell 77 of its key oil production unit for \$4bn by the end of November.
Mobile Computing Editor Larry Garfield looks at the different design strategies of the leading handheld companies, and muses on what it says about the way they think.
Within months of acquiring FleetBoston Financial Corp. , Bank of America Corp. handed out its sales playbook to Fleet employees in the branches to teach them how to sell.
Art Technology Group's plan to acquire a Seattle software firm has come under fire from a group of investors who have launched a proxy fight to halt the deal.
Sophisticated kit - at a price
X-Prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
Amateur historians and academics can take advantage of a wealth of archived data on the web.
The European Commission takes Greece to court for failing to change a law could ban people playing computer games at home.
The US economy will expand by 4 percent this year, sustaining the recovery begun in 2002, a senior US Treasury official said Sunday.
TheDeal.com - The Boca Raton, Fla., venture capital firm hopes to get  #36;210 million or more for the teenage apparel retailer.
PC World - Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up.
AGENTS FOR Microsoft are investigating how its forthcoming Halo 2 game was pirated and distributed on the Internet nearly a month before it hit the shops.
Supporters say the new technology, which uses electric power lines, could become a major alternative to cable modem and phone connections if FCC approval helps it attract  participation of major utility companies.
\A series of X-Prizes for breakthroughs in science or technology that solve the world's greatest challenges are planned.
Alex Salmond is to deliver a petition calling on the UK to withdraw from the Common Fisheries Policy.
\An antibiotic used to treat leprosy and tuberculosis is showing promise as a therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Scientists say they have developed an effective vaccine against malaria that could be ready in six years.
An Irish woman convicted of murdering her millionaire boyfriend returns to court in Las Vegas.
Tributes flow in for Australian Shane Warne after he becomes Test cricket's most prolific wicket-taker.
The US health secretary asks local officials to investigate reports of companies raising prices to exploit a flu vaccine shortage.
A group of 20 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the South Korean consulate in Beijing.
France and the US draw up a UN resolution aimed at getting Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon.
Scientists believe a select group of people can spot when someone is lying.
John Lennon's killer Mark Chapman talks about his reasons for shooting the former Beatle in 1980.
White settlers are using the judicial system to try to evict Indians from parts of a reservation in the Amazon.
Macs still have fewer bugs than Windows PCs, but Apple moves to plug security holes before problems crop up.
Reuters - The NBA is considering playing some of\its regular season games in China, commissioner David Stern\said Friday.
 BEIJING (Reuters) - The NBA is considering playing some of  its regular season games in China, commissioner David Stern  said Friday.
The last two coaches Patriots owner Bob Kraft hired -- Pete Carroll and Bill Belichick -- are arguably the most successful football coaches in America right now.
The Houston Astros return home for Game 3 of the National League Championship Series tomorrow with ace pitchers Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt ready to go against the St. Louis Cardinals.
The handwritten message on a chalkboard in the Red Sox clubhouse yesterday said it all:  quot;We can change history. Believe it. quot;
Corey Dillon didn't practice for the second straight day because of a sore right foot. His status is questionable for Sunday's game against the Seattle Seahawks. How questionable?
You need to be involved in a fantasy football league? Why? The real stuff provides enough drama without making things up.
The unofficial exhibition season disclaimer for defending champions and lottery teams alike reads as follows:
The Louisville Cardinals drew a flag for excessive celebration in the second quarter, and another in the third. Against Miami, the displays of jubilation were premature.
The Northeast-10 Conference race is entering the final third of the season, and the four teams atop the standings are separated by just a half-game.
Pro baseball: AL Championship Series -- New York Yankees vs. Red Sox (Game 3) at Fenway Park, 8 p.m.
The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Brazilian GP, round 18 of the 2004 F1 season.
Ahead of the final race of the season, the Renault F1 Team Technical Director sat down to give his verdict on 2004 and the team's performance.
In the wake of last month's air traffic communications failure, investigators report that computer security issues haunt the FAA's most critical systems.\
The government is considering making commitments to buy a certain number of flu shots each year to help bolster supplies and avoid severe shortages like the current one.
AP - A British ambassador removed from his post after he criticized Uzbekistan's human rights record said Friday he planned to take legal action against the government over damage to his health.
Experts say the Bioshield program will not be adequate to create new vaccines and drugs to protect the nation against either a biological attack or a natural epidemic.
Egypt yesterday freed an Israeli Arab businessman, convicted of spying, in exchange for Israel #39;s release of six Egyptian students.
Gina Lynn wonders why cosmetic surgery has become so commonplace and suggests that it's time for a change.
Government is using technology to burden their future -- and it's all our fault. By Lawrence Lessig from Wired magazine.
Too many business interests are clinging to a failed status quo and resisting necessary governance reforms, the government #39;s top securities regulator said yesterday.
US warplanes bombed targets in Iraq #39;s rebel-held city of Falluja Friday, marking a violent start to the holy Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.
Pakistan has vowed to track down the leader of a kidnap group in South Waziristan after one of two Chinese hostages died in a rescue attempt.
Jerusalem (AsiaNews/Agencies) - Israel will set no limit to the number of Muslim worshippers entering the Al Aqsa Mosque during Ramadam, which begins today.
Intel has confirmed it will not release a 4GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 product. Instead it will transfer its engineers to the company #39;s new design priorities.
First Health Group, which manages health-care benefits for employers and unions and which has struggled lately, will be acquired by Coventry Health Care in a \$1.
TAIPEI, Taiwan - A strong earthquake rocked Taiwan #39;s capital during the lunch rush today, shaking tall buildings for about a minute.
A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
Israel carries out an air raid on the northern part of the Gaza Strip, killing a Palestinian near the Jabaliya refugee camp.
A decision is due to be taken on whether 500,000 new home should be built in eastern England.
Google has finally announced Google Desktop Search, a search application that enables users to search their email, files, web history, and chats.
Corel Corporation has expanded its software portfolio with the acquisition of Jasc Software, which produces the Paint Shop family of image editing and digital photography programs.
Mark Martin joined the growing list of longtime drivers easing their way out of NASCAR, announcing Thursday that the 2005 season will be his last as a full-time racer.
A space probe headed for Saturn #39;s largest moon, Titan, is nearing the end of its two billion mile journey, reports Nic Fleming.
Futures on the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose after a government report showed retail sales rose more than forecast last month.
British scientists have used nanotechnology to trap and store hydrogen gas for a new generation of fuel cell car engines, they report today.
It should come as no surprise that York University picked up the stadium project ball after the University of Toronto dropped it. It has been apparent the Argos and the Canadian Soccer Association would be 
THE US trade deficit widened in August to its second-highest level on record, fuelled by the highest oil import prices in 23 years and record imports from China.
Three British bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to former energy trader Enron Corp., a London court ruled.
Shares of mail-order DVD rental company Netflix plunged Thursday after it warned that it was slashing its subscription price in anticipation of Amazon.
AP - Logan Powell scored with 13 seconds remaining in the second overtime Sunday to lift UCLA to the NCAA championship with a 10-9 victory over Stanford.
Manchester United fans have called on the club #39;s major sponsors to help ring-fence shares to stave off further takeover threats.
VfB Stuttgart coach Matthias Sammer hosts his former charges Borussia Dortmund on Saturday and believes Kevin Kuranyi will be back to inflict further pain on the visitors.
Bernhard Langer beat Vijay Singh on the first extra hole Friday to knock the world #39;s top-ranked player out of the World Match Play Championship in the first round.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says captain David Beckham should have kept quiet about his decision to deliberately pick up a yellow card against Wales.
Losing ten players usually means a rebuilding year. Not at Murray State. Despite the loss, the Racers were picked as the pre-season favorite to win the Ohio Valley Conference.
A strong earthquake in the Pacific Ocean off Taiwan has rocked the island #39;s north-east, damaging buildings and injuring several people, according to officials.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has ordered a redeployment of Israeli troops, away from densely populated areas of the northern Gaza Strip.
Indonesian prosecutors filed terrorism charges on Friday against cleric Abu Bakar Bashir that could bring to trial within two weeks the accused leader 
An Australian drifter was today jailed for life for murdering the British backpacker Caroline Stuttle in 2002 by throwing her off a bridge after stealing her handbag.
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Hopes to cut losses through cheaper tapes
Intel has dropped plans for 4GHz version of its flagship Pentium 4 chip, making a shift in approach.
Psi-Ops' mix of futuristic military adventure and spooky psychic undertones has much to offer.
Tighter security measures designed to stop suspected terrorists, sexual predators and other types of criminals at the nation's borders will begin next month, federal officials announced Thursday.
AP - A court ordered an 86-year-old man accused of Nazi war crimes in Slovakia freed from custody Friday after a key witness said he could no longer clearly remember what happened.
AP - Young gangsters rampaged through the heart of the Haitian capital, torching cars and firing in the air in what many people feared was a prelude to more violence.
AP - Wachovia Corp. is planning a  #36;400 million data center in Birmingham that will anchor a 337-acre technology park.
AP - The president of troubled retailer Daiei announced his resignation Friday, two days after he was forced by lenders to seek a government bailout.
Shoppers rediscovered their buying groove last month, propelling sales at the nation's retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
A judge rules that three UK bankers can be extradited to the US to face fraud charges related to a deal with Enron.
Wipro, one of India's leading software exporters, reports a 65 jump in profits, driven by European demand and a rise in outsourcing.
Cameroon's President Paul Biya is re-elected with 75 of the vote, say officials, with just a results to come.
The No. 5 U.S. bank said third-quarter profit rose 14 percent, helped by increased lending to consumers and a decline in bad loans.
Millions of Muslims across the world begin observing the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Two Muslims charged over the 2002 train attack on Hindu pilgrims that sparked religious riots in Gujarat are freed.
NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly higher at the open but a swathe of economic data is likely to influence overall sentiment and direction...
CNET News.com's Charles Cooper explains why the company remains wildly successful despite a string of mediocre product launches.
Shoppers got their buying groove back last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
Automakers #39; rich incentives last month might have helped retail sales rebound from a disappointing August. A Commerce Department report out this morning is expected to show that sales at US retailers rose 
Jenson Button #39;s Formula One future should be decided on Saturday at a hearing that will also determine several other drivers #39; hopes of racing next year.
Sure, the Cardinals had hoped erstwhile right-hander Matt Morris would be all that he could be on Thursday night at Busch Stadium.
Interim leader Hamid Karzai took an early lead as vote counting began in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election, after allegations of ballot-box stuffing, voter 
YOUNG gangsters torched cars, fired in the air and terrorised people not far from the presidential palace as violence flared in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince.
Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Design specialists dream up Media Center PCs that look more like furniture.
Counterfeiters who make \$10 bills on printers could find the cops on their trail if tracking techniques pan out.
By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- In the latest change to its product lineup, Intel Corp...
The Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir will be indicted on charges of terrorism after Indonesian prosecutors today passed their file on the extremist leader to a Jakarta court.
AP - A fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems was found in Chicago's Burnham Harbor, alarming state biologists.
AP - A judge ruled Friday that three British bankers indicted in the United States on Enron-linked fraud charges could be extradited to stand trial in Texas.
A decline in the nation #39;s inventory of heating oil catapulted crude futures prices toward \$55 a barrel yesterday, providing the latest jolt to a market already 
Shoppers got their buying groove back last month, propelling sales at the nation #39;s retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.
Three British bankers accused of a multi-million pound fraud involving Enron officials should be tried in the United States, a court ruled today.
Bankrupt US Airways received approval yesterday to use \$745 million in cash over the next three months, but a US Bankruptcy Court judge gave lawyers 
Microsoft has confirmed that a pirated copy of Halo 2 for Xbox in the PAL video format and French language started circulating on the Internet late Wednesday night.
Bernhard Langer, who captained Europe #39;s Ryder Cup team to last month #39;s surprise victory against the US, eliminated world No.
The Toronto Argonauts are set to announce York University as the location of their new stadium, according to several published reports.
Under orders from a federal judge, the woman accusing Kobe Bryant of rape identified herself by name Thursday in a revised version of the lawsuit she filed against the NBA star two months ago.
Britains former ambassador to Uzbekistan has accused the Foreign Office of trumping up false allegations in an attempt to force him from his post.
Design specialists dream up the unexpected to help Microsoft get a foothold in the living room.
The US government will set up an inquiry into Iraq contracts given to Halliburton, the former firm of Vice President Dick Cheney.
The Russian president continues his visit to China, amid frustration over failure to agree a new oil pipeline.
The rise in retail sales was the best showing since March. Also, producer prices rose 0.1 percent in September.
The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday approved rules for transmitting broadband communications signals over electric power lines, clearing the way for the expansion of high-speed Internet access through home electrical outlets.
When Saul Bellow wrote More Die Of Heartbreak, he wasn #39;t thinking of the Houston Astros and their fans. For the second consecutive game, the St.
Coal producer Arch Coal Inc. on Friday posted a slightly lower third-quarter profit that missed Wall Street targets, hurt by rail transportation problems exacerbated by the recent hurricanes.
Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment fell more\sharply in early October than analysts had expected, according\to a survey released on Friday.
It's going to be a value meal of earnings with the burger and soda giants posting quarterly results.
Zimbabwe #39;s Movement For Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai enters the High Court for his treason trial in Harare, Friday, Oct. 15, 2004.
Early Friday, Israels air forces launched a deadly air strike at four Palestinian fighters in Jabaliya, killing two and critically wounding a third, witnesses said.
Pakistan #39;s lawmaking National Assembly has passed a bill to allow dictator Pervez Musharraf to stay on as chief of the military.
Oil prices held strong on Friday not far below the \$55-a-barrel mark as traders worried time is running out to top up low heating oil inventories before winter.
In spite of a slowdown in cell-phone sales, Samsung Electronics Co. still roared to a 46-percent profit compared with the same period last year.
Sprint Corp., the telecommunications giant, said Friday it will cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division as it stops selling business long distance services outside of package deals.
A federal judge is expected to rule today whether US Airways Group Inc. will be permitted to impose a far-reaching 23 percent employee pay cut.
In recent months, Intel delayed several chips and recalled other, defective ones. It overestimated demand, thereby causing an inventory glut.
Oct. 15, 2004 - Conservationists claimed victory at a global wildlife trade meeting on Thursday despite warnings that a cash crisis could hamper new hard-won measures to protect endangered species.
FCC clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of Net access. The US Federal Communications Commission this week cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line 
A PeopleSoft executive who oversaw the company #39;s products and its integration with JD Edwards departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed Friday.
update A British court has ordered Internet service providers to identify 28 people who are allegedly downloading music illegally.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Motorola has teamed up with Mastercard to conduct US trials of technology that allows mobile phones to act as  quot;digital wallets quot;.
Thats Tracy McGradys answer to questions about whether or not he will look to keep his scoring up despite joining Houston and Yao Ming.
With the appointment of Ray Jennings as coach, the United Cricket Board of South Africa is hoping to bring about a change in fortune for the national side.
Andy Robinson was handed the England head coach role for four years today and said he was looking forward to trying to retain the rugby World Cup won by predecessor Sir Clive Woodward.
DEJA vu at Phillip Island yesterday left Flying Doctor Valentino Rossi counting the hours to another world title and Australian star Troy Bayliss bouncing along the bitumen.
Citroen #39;s Sebastien Loeb remained on course to celebrate his first world title after the first leg of the French rally on Friday.
Early returns Friday from Afghanistan #39;s first presidential election put incumbent President Hamid Karzai in the lead, the Financial Times reported Friday.
A new bill that would allow Pakistan #39;s president to continue serving as head of the military is generating controversy across the country.
BERLIN - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder will have talks next week with incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso, a government spokesman said Friday.
The uphill battle the Red Sox face against the Yankees is nothing new to Boston fans.
Everybody is used to seeing Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal trade barbs, but Phil Jackson's indictment of Byrant is a stunner.
WASHINGTON : Soaring oil prices should inflict less damage on US economic growth and inflation than the 1970s oil shock, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan revealed.
United Airlines reached an agreement with creditors that, if approved, could eliminate \$450 million of debt. The agreement concerns \$600 million in municipal bond debt 
Intel began to downplay so-called clock speed of processors within the past year, and other chipmakers followed suit, focusing on other advances such as dual-core, which essentially puts two 
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has cleared the way for Internet access over the same infrastructure that carries electricity to homes and businesses in America.
Saudi Arabia said Friday it has advised the nation #39;s imams they should condemn terrorism and terrorists in prayers during the holy fasting month of Ramadan.
Should an ambassador speak out over human rights even if this upsets his or her own government? The question has been posed by the dismissal from his post as British ambassador to Uzbekistan 
The Astros hoped for a rainout Thursday night to better set up their aces Roger Clemens and Roy Oswalt in the National League Championship Series.
That #39;s the number of music players that Apple Computer (nasdaq: AAPL - news - people ) said it sold in its most recent quarter.
WR Grace  amp; Co. Inc. said Friday it has asked for a delay in filing a reorganization plan in its bankruptcy case so it can continue to negotiate with creditors.
South Africa #39;s United Cricket Board today sacked national coach Eric Simons, weeks ahead of the two-Test tour of India beginning November 10.
NASA says the space capsule, built by Lockheed Martin, went down in the Utah desert because a crucial switch was put on backward. By John Johnson.
com October 15, 2004, 8:48 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
UN peacekeepers in armored vehicles rolled through nearly deserted streets Friday in Haiti #39;s capital, where shops were closed amid fears of violence on the 10th anniversary 
Ford duo Francois Duval and Markko Martin crept ahead of world championship leader Sebastien Loeb after day one of the Rally of Corsica.
Sprint plans to accelerate efforts to get business customers to move to wireless and Internet services.  quot;This strategy plays to our strengths by advancing our broad portfolio of wireline and 
Friday prayers marked the start of Ramadan in the Middle East as millions of Muslims around the world began observance of the holy month of fasting and prayer.
AP - The third-ranked Auburn Tigers will face No. 9 Virginia Tech on Jan. 3 in the Sugar Bowl, a matchup of conference champions that greatly exceeded expectations.
AFP - Soaring oil prices should inflict less damage on US economic growth and inflation than the 1970s oil shock, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said.
United Airlines said Friday it needs even more labor cuts than anticipated to get out of bankruptcy, raising the likelihood of a new round of wage and benefit reductions.
The EU is to appeal against a World Trade Organisation ruling that its sugar subsidies breach world trade rules.
Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai says his treason acquittal could help heal deep political divisions.
Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri is to face terrorism charges in the UK , which will take precedence over US extradition requests.
Elections in Burundi, scheduled under a peace accord to take place by 1 November, are postponed.
Prime Minister Tony Blair will discuss the fight against terrorism and Middle East peace with Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf when they meet tomorrow, officials say.
The US imposes sanctions against the  militant group  in Iraq by terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
Unlike more focused companies, Citigroup finds success by diversifying its business.
The earnings information the company offers ranges as wide as its product line.
Despite reporting record quarterly sales, growth rates still spell trouble.
Hours after a high-profile prisoner swap Sunday, the families of six Egyptian students released from an Israeli prison waited anxiously for their return, denying that their children had done anything illegal.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; A typical haul from the postbag...
A policewoman in Los Angeles is being sued by the US film industry after allegedly selling pirate DVDs.
The High Court in London has ordered Internet service providers to hand over the names and addresses of 28 alleged music pirates to Britain's trade body for the recording industry.
Business guru tells Microsoft to invest in Linux for handhelds or risk missing out on the next big thing in software sales.\
news analysis Delaware trial turns into a mating ritual of sorts, as the companies quibble over money.
Ram Gupta, who was an executive vice president, leaves the company after a four-year stint. PeopleSoft is mum on the details.
The software developer will become a licensee of the Digeo technology in the case.
The Japanese giant unveils a portable music player that can function as a camera as well as a tiny device similar to the iPod Mini.
Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.
Oracle Corp. is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August, citing the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
FCC clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of Net access.
com October 15, 2004, 10:55 AM PT. Japanese camera giant Olympus this week unveiled a portable hard drive music player that can also function as a camera.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United to 25.5 percent Friday as he pursues a possible takeover of the world #39;s richest soccer club.
Houston Rockets #39; center Yao Ming gave no push to the development of the Chinese basketball though the NBA could be one of the best textbooks for China.
A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority Friday to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Four eastern Europeans appeared in a London court yesterday charged with defrauding online banks of hundreds of thousands through an elaborate 'phishing' scam.\
South Korean police want to question 15 mobile phone workers and brokers over allegations they traded the personal information of an estimated six million people in the northeast Asian country.\
A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority today to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, saying the airline's situation is so dire that urgent action must be taken.
Apprentice contestants take it to the catwalk in the cutthroat apparel business.
In a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Delta Air Lines warned Friday that next week #39;s third quarter earnings report will include a bigger loss than it predicted earlier.
Tuesday, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) announced a strategy of bringing digital entertainment to users in the home, at the office, or on the go.
After re-entering the earth #39;s atmosphere, Genesis plunged straight down into the ground, leaving no chance for the helicopters that were supposed to snatch it from the air.
International Data Corp. said growth in demand for Linux servers in Europe is expected to almost double by 2008. Microsoft is fighting back by cutting prices and through publicity campaigns 
Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
The company's revenue and earnings are just two reasons to like this stock.
Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
photo galleries Music player is a must-have, much-loved accessory. Will fanciful Media Center PCs fare as well?
Israel has begun redeploying its forces in the northern Gaza Strip as a gesture to Palestinians at the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Great Britain has dismissed its ambassador to Uzbekistan after months of the diplomat #39;s speaking out against the Asian nation #39;s poor human rights record.
 GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army pulled out of Palestinian  areas in northern Gaza on Friday, ending a massive 16-day  offensive that has killed more than 100 Palestinians.
The F.D.A. concluded that the use of antidepressants could increase thoughts of suicide among children.
MOBILE phone giant Nokia has reported a drop in third-quarter profits after cutting handset prices to win back market share, but said sales had picked up.
Chiron Corp. said Friday that Richard Wills has resigned from the company #39;s board, effective immediately, after just five weeks as a director.
A judge ruled today that three British bankers can be extradited to the United States to face wire fraud charges related to off-balance sheet dealings with the Enron energy group.
Amateur radio operators expressed cautious optimism about new rules for the transmission of broadband Internet access over power lines.
NASA says a poorly designed parachute is the likely reason its space probe, Genesis, came crashing back to earth last week, losing much of its cargo of solar dust.
Those looking the obtain the most anticipated movie, album or game before anyone else have sought such information on various Internet mediums.
October 15, 2004 - Yet another PSP-related interview has appeared over in Japan. This time, the interviewer is Japanese site Impress GameWatch.
A hurricane disaster relief package approved last week includes money for fixing communications equipment at NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center.
Curt Schilling and Pedro Martinez couldn #39;t bring the Boston Red Sox a win against the New York Yankees in the first two games of the AL championship series.
Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins star linebacker LaVar Arrington will miss his fourth straight game after having right knee surgery last month.
The Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) congratulated the Palestinian people and the Muslim nation on Friday at the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
READING, England A teacher says Britain #39;s Prince Harry admitted cheating on an art exam, and she #39;s got a tape recording that proves it.
The trial pitting software giant Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) against unwilling takeover target PeopleSoft Inc.
The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of the sun may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said Friday.
Washington Redskins linebacker LaVar Arrington and kicker John Hall were ruled out for Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Bears.
As October wears on and Halloween draws near, the oil and stock markets are getting more and more spooked. Crude oil hit another record Thursday, settling at \$54.
Juniper Networks (Nasdaq: JNPR) remains stunted this morning even after an earnings report that shows triple-digit growth rates for both revenues and earnings.
Ernie Els scored tight victories over Scott Drummond and Angel Cabrera Friday to stay on course for a record sixth World Match Play title.
With the world so focused on the rising price of a barrel of light crude oil, it #39;s a wonder that people even get into their cars and drive around anymore.
The up to 64-way eServer p5 595 will be the new flagship of the product line with nearly three times the commercial performance and double the capacity of its predecessor.
NEW YORK _ Dell Inc. ventured deeper into consumer electronics Thursday, adding plasma televisions to its growing lineup of home-entertainment products.
Washington Redskins kicker John Hall strained his right groin during practice yesterday, jeopardizing his availability for Sunday #39;s game at Chicago.
InformationWeek takes a behind-the-scenes look at patch-management software maker Shavlik Technologies the day Microsoft unleashes a flood of security patches.
MALLORCA, Spain (Ticker) - Simon Khan has a three-shot lead midway through the Mallorca Classic after a last-hole lapse by Sergio Garcia.
The top three seeded players were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy on Friday, and American Robby Ginepri also was ousted.
The Tigers on Friday said they claimed the contracts of outfielders Byron Gettis and DeWayne Wise off waivers. Gettis, 24, batted .
Pfizer Inc. on Friday said two small clinical trials showed heart bypass surgery patients taking Bextra, an anti-inflammatory in the same class as the recently withdrawn 
Hedge fund managers are famously independent, often having quit the corporate world to escape bosses and bureaucracy. But as the hedge fund industry #39;s assets 
US stocks advanced on Friday as a jump in September retail sales boosted investor confidence in the economy, but oil prices at a fresh record of \$55 a barrel kept gains in check.
Yesterday #39;s decision by the Federal Communications Commission to remove barriers to the delivery of broadband services over power lines may give consumers a third broadband option.
The holy month of Ramadan is a special month. For over one billion Muslims worldwide, it is a time of inner reflection and devotion to God.
AP - The High Court in London has ordered Internet service providers to hand over the names and addresses of 28 alleged music pirates to Britain's trade body for the recording industry.
PC World - Study shows most attacks come from exploited PCs beloging to DSL or cable customers.
AP - The University of California system is amassing Nobel Prizes at campuses once noted more for beer bashes and odd mascots than academic excellence.
Reuters - From new place names, shrinking seas\and terror attacks to soaring Internet usage, the world is\changing at a more rapid pace than in previous decades, says
US Airways today won most of the emergency pay cuts it said were critical to avoid liquidation and United said it wanted to terminate its labor contracts and would seek deeper cuts from its employees.
Listen up as CEO Reed Hastings talks to our radio team about his firm.
Plus, Sun's investors in the dark, trouble at Marsh   McLennan, and Coventry revives First Health.
Marsh   McLennan's expertise apparently included convincing clients to overpay for insurance. Not good.
National Foods Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest fresh milk producer, said its shares are worth as much as 22 percent more than Fonterra Cooperative Group Ltd.
Brazil's president provokes controversy by approving the temporary planting of genetically modified crops.
The scandal-hit former head of the Organisation of American States is arrested in his native Costa Rica.
UK, France and Germany are to offer Iran incentives deal to give up nuclear its ambitions, US officials say.
Nation remains volatile eight months after Aristide's departure.
Attack was the first time insurgents had penetrated the heavily protected area that is the home of the Iraqi government and U.S. officials.
Summit will determine a strategy for giving Iran one last chance to abandon its alleged nuclear program or face new international pressures.
Telecom giant Orange will use Sun's JES server software over three years, the companies plan to announce Monday.
French police on Sunday ended their practice of hiding plastic explosives in air passengers #39; luggage to train bomb-sniffing dogs after one such bag got lost, possibly ending up 
Smart phones using older RIM software are open to remote rebooting, but the flaw's not as bad as first reported.
Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror.
For critics of power-line broadband access, new FCC rules mean "the glass is both half-full and half-empty."
AP - Tommy Kalmanir, a starting halfback on the 1951 Los Angeles Rams championship team and former Oakland Raiders assistant coach, has died. He was 78.
AP - Arizona Diamondbacks officials met with DeMarlo Hale, first base coach of the Texas Rangers, on Friday, completing an initial round of managerial interviews.
AP - Mention Michigan freshman Chad Henne to Illinois coach Ron Turner and he brings up John Elway.
AP - The honeymoon is not quite over for Tiger Woods, who decided Friday to skip the Funai Classic at Disney for the first time since turning pro.
Microsoft announced a new holiday Xbox package that essentially gives buyers two free sports games and a trial subscription to the Xbox Live online gaming service.
photo galleries Music player is a must-have, much-loved accessory. Will fanciful Media Center PCs fare as well?
Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
 VIENNA (Reuters) - Top seeds David Nalbandian and Nicolas  Massu were beaten in the quarterfinals of the Vienna Trophy  Friday.
Microsoft is offering a preview of its next-generation SQL Server 2005 database by providing an interim version of the product to customers.
Google Inc. unveiled a desktop search application that lets users catalog and search through e-mail, files, Web histories, instant message chats and other content on their PCs.
The 2-year-old .Net joint initiative between Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard has produced \$600 million in revenue.
Oracle Corp. urged customers to apply software patches it released in August because of the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
Photographers can shoot, store and print digital photos without requiring a computer connection.
Products expected soon that will connect via a new home networking specification backed by some of the world's largest consumer electronics and computer companies.
It also shows off new printers and music players.
Priced at \$249.99, it can play MP3, WMA and WAV-encoded music files.
America Online will have a desktop search capability in a new browser the company is now beta-testing, an AOL spokeswoman said Friday.
Study shows most attacks come from exploited PCs beloging to DSL or cable customers.
Update fixes crashes caused by incompatibility with hidden advertising app.
Marsh  amp; McLennan Companies Inc. (MMC) on Friday announced a change in the management of Marsh Inc., its risk and insurance services subsidiary.
IBM has revealed additions to its Rational software development tool lineup and said its architecting and modeling tools will support Unified Modeling Language 2.0 by the end of the year.
Venus Williams was upset by unseeded Elena Bovina 6-3, 6-2, in a Kremlin Cup quarterfinal Friday that lasted little more than an hour.
Crude oil futures continued to climb Friday, reaching new record high as decline in the US inventory of heating oil and tight supplies still overshadowed theenergy markets.
Sprint Corp. said Friday that it will slash as many as 700 more jobs and reduce the value of its long-distance network by an undisclosed amount.
Microsoft has issued a patch for a compatibility problem between the recent Windows XP Service Pack 2 and an advertising application run on many users #39; machines.
Some say that men #39;s tennis has lost its glamour -which may explain why a world tournament in Madrid is hiring long-legged models as ball girls.
To Understand the tortured relationship between the great city of Boston and the equally great city of New York - in life as well as in baseball - look no further than Game 
Tom Kite #39;s opening round in the SBC Championship on Friday didn #39;t look like much at the turn. Nine holes later, he was tied for lead.
Greensboro, NC (Sports Network) - Brent Geiberger posted a five-under 67 on Friday to move into the lead after the second round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
DETROIT: General Motors Corp posted on Thursday disappointing quarterly earnings and cut its 2004 profit forecast due to mounting losses in Europe and slowing growth in China, sending its shares down 5.
The judge who will decide whether to block defenses by PeopleSoft against Oracle #39;s \$7.7 billion hostile tender offer, ended the two-week trial Friday by urging 
US regulators will let utility companies send high-speed Internet signals through electrical outlets to residential and business clients.
A board investigating the crash of NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft found that the design for a key system was drawn backward, resulting in improper orientation of switches that were 
Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice. The company unveiled its MSN Music 
OTTAWA - The federal government passed legislation Friday that will authorize judges to order people convicted of child pornography to submit DNA samples.
Ernie Els clung precariously to a place in the HSBC World Match Play Championship yesterday when he squeezed out Angel Cabrera with the last putt of their match.
The 20-player field had mostly scattered as the sun dipped below the Santa Rosa Mountains. Yet the LPGA Tour #39;s biggest star at the Samsung World Championship 
VIENNA, Austria -- The top three seeded players were eliminated in the quarterfinals of the CA Trophy on Friday, and American Robby Ginepri also was ousted.
The English Football Association said on Friday it had asked England captain David Beckham for an explanation about his yellow card controversy at last weekend #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales.
England can expect to face a bristling South African team this winter after Ray Jennings #39; interim appointment to succeed Eric Simons as coach.
These are the games college football programs spend years building toward, a chance to rise from the ranks of the also-rans to a place among the sport #39;s elite.
15 October 2004 -- US ground troops deployed around the outskirts of Al-Fallujah following sustained air strikes against insurgent positions there overnight.
Risking a showdown with American prosecutors, the British authorities are planning to bring terrorism charges next week against an Egyptian-born 
German authorities have arrested a businessman wanted by Spain on charges he helped fund the Al-Qaida terrorist network for years.
Poor facilities are limiting schooling opportunities for many children in post-Saddam Iraq, says Unicef.
Russia's Red Army choir sings and Cossacks dance for a delighted Pope John Paul II in the heart of the Vatican.
Experts say that importing drugs from countries that control their prices would not make drugs cheaper in the U.S.
The Army is investigating reservists who refused to deliver a fuel shipment under conditions they considered unsafe.
Tropical Storm Jeanne's devastation of Gonaves, Haiti, has exposed the fragility of the country seven months after President Jean-Bertrand Aristide resigned.
Curt Schilling pitched off a bullpen mound for 20 minutes on Friday, for the first time giving the Boston Red Sox hope in this A.L.C.S.
Twenty-one years after Roger Clemens pitched the Texas Longhorns into the College World Series, he is back in Texas preparing to pull another string.
A nightly ritual at the Orton household in Altoona, Iowa, prepared Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton for both of his potential professions.
During their franchise-tying 4-0 start, the Jets have found a comfort zone of immense importance: the red zone.
International forces should expect to stay in Afghanistan for "10 to 20 years," according to a Canadian commander who helped lead foreign troops in Kabul until February.
Reuters - Software giant Microsoft is\casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by\positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
PC World - Software maintains security on laptops when they're outside the network.
AP - Mercury program astronaut Gordon Cooper was remembered Friday by NASA officials and fellow space pioneers as "not too bad of a pilot, but a heck of a good astronaut."
World oil prices raced to record highs on Thursday as news of a decline in heating oil inventories rattled traders in the run-up to the northern hemisphere winter.
US warplanes today bombed insurgents in Fallujah as the American military resumed its plan to destroy houses and buildings believed to be used as hide-outs by militants.
Justin Rose fell five strokes from the lead, even before starting his second round at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro yesterday.
WASHINGTON - The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion in August, second highest level in history.
A federal bankruptcy judge in Alexandria has granted US Airways permission to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent.
Abu Hamza, the Muslim cleric wanted by the Americans for alleged terrorist offences, is to face a prosecution in the British courts that will sideline the United States extradition.
Brent Geiberger has edged into the lead at 11-under after the second round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro, while Craig Parry is five shots off the pace.
In just five years, Netflix Inc. shot out of nowhere to create a new segment in the movie rental business with a simple business model that allows people to rent popular DVDs online and 
OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government is proposing that DNA samples be collected from people convicted of making child pornography.
Sir Clive Woodward has confirmed that he will be pursuing a career outside of rugby union, but he refuses to be drawn on whether it will be at Southampton football club.
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) changed its rules on Friday in hopes of promoting wider broadband access throughout the nation by offering the service over power lines.
 LOS ANGELES (Billboard) - Software giant Microsoft is  casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by  positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
Durban, Oct. 15. - The recent poor performances by the South African cricket team has found its first casualty in coach Eric Simons, who resigned from his post today.
The United Nations health agency said Friday that the death toll in refugee camps in the Darfur region of Sudan had reached 70,000, and that people would continue dying 
Reuters - Top U.S. life insurer MetLife Inc.\ said on Friday it had received several subpoenas from
AFP - The European Union has confirmed that the World Trade Organization has ruled its subsidies for sugar production are illegal, but said it would appeal.
Reuters - Election officials began counting votes in Maharashtra on Saturday in a poll that is crucial to the political fortunes of the ruling Congress party and the opposition Hindu nationalists.
Spitzer said other insurance companies are being investigated.
Small Salvadoran companies are sponsored by Expro at the D.C. Trade Show as part of a \$6 million project by the U.S. Agency for International Development.
AP - A panel of federal judges Friday revived the last remaining lawsuit stemming from disputes over congressional redistricting after the 2000 census.
Pfizer warned doctors that one of its best-selling painkillers, Bextra, might increase the risk of heart attack or stroke in coronary artery bypass surgery patients.
A day after coming under regulatory fire for taking incentive fees from insurers, the Marsh   McLennan Companies said that it would halt the practice.
New exploits could affect customers who never applied patches for known database flaws.
Inverness, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers squandered a chance to return to the top of the table Sunday as it was held at Inverness, 1-1.
The judge who will decide whether to block defenses by PeopleSoft against Oracle's hostile offer urged both sides to agree on what issues remain in contention.
The F.C.C. adopted rules that will enable utility companies to offer an alternative to broadband services provided by cable and phone companies.
While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
The Genesis space capsule that crashed into the Utah desert last month failed because four pencil stub-size gravity switches designed to trigger the release of the spacecraft #39;s parachutes 
AP - With a balky ankle and tight shoes, Curt Schilling took the mound on Friday, throwing batting practice speed in the bullpen during a steady rain.
Lee Westwood looked at the draw at the start of the HSBC World Match Play Championship this week and knew it could hardly be tougher.
American forces stepped up their pressure on the insurgent-controlled city of Falluja on Friday, unleashing an aerial and artillery bombardment of 
Indonesian prosecutors on Friday charged the militant Muslim cleric Abubakar Baasyir under a new anti-terror law, accusing him of leading a terrorist organization 
D.C. United decides Friday to exercise the option on coach Peter Nowak's contract and bring him back for a second season next year.
With several players suffering from minor injuries, Wizards coach Eddie Jordan decides to give the team a day off on Friday.
Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler said he will start Sunday at Buffalo despite missing practice time this week with a cracked rib.
Both Corey Dillon and the Patriots are quite happy with the offseason trade that brought the running back from Cincinnati to New England.
We #39;re all used to searching the web at blazing fast speeds: picking out the right webpages among the five billion choices takes only a few hundredths of a second.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15 -- Stocks rebounded moderately Friday as a government report showed that higher oil prices aren #39;t reducing retail sales.
On hearing the verdict there was a broad smile from Morgan Tsvangirai, applause from his supporters and tears of relief from his veteran attorney.
German authorities on Friday detained a Syrian-born German businessman who is wanted by Spain for allegedly supporting the al-Qaeda terrorist network.
A British ambassador today accused the Foreign Office of mounting an extraordinary sex smear to drive him from his job. Craig Murray, 45, the former 
It was  quot;Nightmare on on Elm Street quot; for Netflix yesterday as investors bludgeoned the online movie rental company #39;s stock.
Sprint Corp., the telecommunications giant, said yesterday it will cut 700 jobs in its business solutions division as it stops selling business long distance services outside of package deals.
Leading chipmaker Intel revealed Thursday that it will not manufacture a much-ballyhooed 4 GHz version of the Pentium 4 PC processor.
Britains Karen Stupples shot 65 to claim a share of second place at the halfway stage of the Samsung World Championship in Palm Desert, California.
Shane Warne ran through the Indian tail as the hosts were dismissed for 376 with a lead of 141 runs in the first innings of the second Test in Chennai on Saturday.
They threw a surprise party for Joe Nemechek in Dover a few weeks ago. There were balloons and cake with strawberry custard filling and soldiers at the back 
Brent Geiberger overcame strong winds and a bad hip to earn a one-stroke lead after the second round at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro on Friday.
It followed the killing of two toddlers in an Israeli town on September 29 by a rocket fired from Gaza. Witnesses said all 200 tanks and armoured vehicles in northern Gaza had withdrawn.
Mortar attacks hit a central Baghdad hospital Saturday, killing an employee and injuring three others, officials said. A mortar round exploded in the garden of the Ibn al-Betar hospital 
The Israeli army suspended a company commander who was accused of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian girl, but officials said yesterday the punishment wasn #39;t because of the shooting.
AP - Four schools in the University of North Carolina system will participate in a pilot program that allows students to download music, movies and other copyrighted material on the Internet for free.
AP - The stone "fin" on the new lava lobe inside the crater at Mount St. Helens seems to be starting to split.
As thousands of apple pickers milled about his farm last Sunday, Michael Smolak gave thanks for the postcard-perfect autumn weather that brought them there.
Keeping the faith, Susan Forbes called the Red Sox a month ago to book Fenway Park for a postseason party.
After scoring four goals in his first two games for the US national team, 20-year-old striker Eddie Johnson is garnering headlines.
Genesis project officials failed to catch the flaw that doomed the Lockheed Martin-built spacecraft despite extra layers of scrutiny added after two of the company #39;s other NASA probes failed.
The United Nations says Thursday's bombings in the Green Zone in Baghdad underline security concerns.
Former Chilean President Pinochet has "moderate dementia", according to a court-appointed doctor. 
A US citizen is jailed for 23 years for illegal financial dealings linked to an alleged plot by Libya to kill the Saudi Crown Prince.
A platoon in Iraq is being investigated for allegedly refusing to carry out a convoy mission its members deemed too dangerous, Army officials said Friday.
Boeing archrival Airbus expects to deliver as many as 320 aircraft this year, or 5 percent more than it forecast earlier, as demand from airlines picks up.
 quot;Software giant Microsoft is casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.
England national team coach Sven-Goran Eriksson wants his beleaguered captain David Beckham to keep his mouth shut. That won #39;t satisfy the English Football Association, which 
Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka won a parliamentary confidence vote Friday, a result that thwarted the opposition #39;s bid to force a snap election and enabled the ruling Democratic 
Argentina, Denmark, Greece, Japan and Tanzania won this week seats as non permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
AFP - Australia, trailing India by 141 runs on the first innings, were 53 for no loss in their second knock at tea on the third day of the second cricket Test here.
TAMPA  Ever since Alonzo Mourning #39;s devastating revelation of kidney illness in September 2000, the Heat has been more than aware of life without a dominant big man.
No. 3 airline says loss to be worse than forecasts; gives new warning of bankruptcy threat. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
World champion Valentino Rossi will be unbeatable in Sunday #39;s Australian Motorcycle Grand Prix, according to Australian Troy Bayliss.
Lesa Martin and Jaunee Perry work for different school districts, but they have two things in common. Both women are dedicated teachers who strive to inspire and enrich the lives 
Palestinians picked over the rubble of more than two weeks of fighting in a refugee camp on Saturday after Israeli tanks quit northern Gaza to end a crushing offensive.
On a night when there would be no playoff baseball, there was a desperate need for any sort of show. Curt Schilling merely walking to the bullpen served the purpose.
Preliminary results of the autopsy performed on Ken Caminiti show that the former National League MVP died of a drug overdose, a New York City police source told ESPN.
With the NFL trading deadline set for 4 p.m. Tuesday, Patriots coach Bill Belichick said there didn't seem to be much happening on the trade front around the league.
Tizbud returns to the races today for the first time since winning last year's California Cup Classic, and Excess Summer has run only once in almost eight months.
Because some antidepressant drugs have been shown to lead to suicidal thoughts among children and teens, the FDA decrees that all manufacturers must carry a warning on their labels.
A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked with the orbiting complex early on Saturday, becoming its fresh lifeboat.
The agency is trying to figure out how an embarrassing error eluded the review process, apparently resulting in the crash of the Genesis space capsule in Utah last month.
Israel withdrew its tanks and ground forces from populated areas in the northern Gaza Strip on late Friday, ending its bloody operation in the area.
Shares of Netflix, which pioneered renting movies by mail, plunged as much as 43 percent after the company cut its subscription price and said Amazon.
Five years ago, after two NASA missions to Mars were doomed by elementary mistakes - a software glitch and a mix-up between English and metric units - the space agency devised more elaborate 
Shaquille O #39;Neal missed the Miami Heat #39;s preseason game against the Orlando Magic on Friday because of a tight left hamstring.
US average retail gasoline prices fell over the last two weeks and are poised to slip even further as crude oil prices continue to tumble, an industry analyst said on Sunday.
The government faces pressure over plans to send UK troops to an area south of Baghdad, to assist US forces.
Robert De Niro fails to show up at an awards ceremony in Milan and a press conference in Rome.
Financially troubled Delta Air Lines said Friday that it is burning through cash much faster than expected and its third-quarter loss will be far greater than expected.
No more math required to figure out how many calories are in that 20-ounce bottle of pop. Revised labels will calculate it for you starting next year.
For only the second time in its history, Greece has been awarded a non-permanent seat in the UN Security Council after a vote in New York yesterday.
KATHMANDU: Maoist rebels fighting for a Communist state in Nepal said yesterday they will suspend military operations during a popular festival.
AP - A bomb attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, the government said Saturday.
That #39;s what corporations great and small will begin telling rank-and-file employees when they stop issuing them stock options.
PayPal on Thursday reported that it had restored its online payment services after facing intermittent outages for more than five days.
ENGLAND captain David Beckham was today starting to compile the defence of his self-confessed deliberate booking against Wales to try to avoid a disciplinary charge.
The guy the Houston Astros are counting on today probably could fool a teenage movie clerk into thinking he qualifies for the senior discount.
AP - Miguel Angel Jimenez ended the strong challenge of his Ryder Cup captain, Bernhard Langer, on the 35th hole Saturday to earn a semifinal place in the World Match Play Championship.
Royal Group Technologies Ltd., the Canadian maker of plastic building products, said three executives, including its chairman and founder, are accused of fraud in company dealings with a Caribbean resort.
The Federal Accounting Standards Board has voted to give companies six more months to meet new rules that would require companies to consider employee stock options an expense.
The music industry has fired the first shot in its legal battle with internet file sharers after winning a court order forcing internet service providers to hand over 
At Greensboro, NC, A heat wrap kept Brent Geiberger #39;s ailing hip from hurting, and his best consecutive rounds of the season took care of the rest.
Palestinians picked through the rubble of dozens of homes in a sprawling refugee camp on Saturday after Israel ended its most powerful assault in the Gaza Strip in four years of bloodshed.
A series of bombings damaged five churches in the capital early Saturday, and mortars later struck near a hospital and a hotel used by foreign news organizations and diplomats, Iraqi officials said.
The UN special envoy to Sudan has welcomed an African Union announcement that it will begin deploying armed peacekeepers to Darfur on Sunday.
 ROME (Reuters) - Italy's disputed candidate for EU justice  and security commissioner, under fire for calling homosexuality  a sin, has said single mothers are "not very good."
A three-hour election show from film-maker Michael Moore has been dropped by a US cable TV company.
Explosions damaged churches and hit a hospital and hotel in Baghdad on Saturday in fresh challenges to Iraq's U.S.-backed interim government.
Reuters - The waiting game for the U.S.\presidential election ends two weeks from Tuesday -- but then\investors can turn over the timer and start again.
Reuters - Cancel the limo. Put down the dining\guides and leave your overcoat in the closet. A power breakfast\or lavish business dinner is just an elevator ride away.
Russian spacecraft carrying a Russian-US crew successfully docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on Saturday morning. The Soyuz TMA-5, which was launched Thursday 
Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park fired a 10-under-par 62 on Thursday to take the first-round lead of the Samsung World Championship at Bighorn.
England captain David Beckham is starting to compile the defence of his self-confessed deliberate booking against Wales to try to avoid a disciplinary charge.
Elliott Sadler knelt beside the wheelchair of 9-year-old Taylor Downard behind his hauler before Fridays final practice for tonights race at Lowes Motor Speedway.
India #39;s ruling Congress party won power in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi #39;s party 
No more math required to figure out how many calories are in that 20-ounce bottle of soda. Revised labels will calculate it for you starting next year.
AP - If U.S. presidents Jimmy Carter or Bill Clinton ever thought their brothers caused them public relations headaches, they might feel lucky compared to Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - Car bombs killed five U.S. troops in Iraq, the U.S...
Stocks fell for the second straight week as investors recoiled from a major insurance industry scandal, record high oil prices, a worsening trade deficit and a mixed bag of corporate earnings.
British opposition politicians are demanding the government clarify plans for the nation #39;s troops in Iraq, Sky News reported Saturday.
A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex early today.
Chinese and American scientists have discovered a fossil in northeast China which has provided a first look at dinosaurs #39; bird-like sleep.
It was quite simply the performance of the year for the Americans. In a perfect storm of what could go right for the US mens national team, Panama 
The most surprising part of last night #39;s pre-season Raptors game was the indifference displayed by the Air Canada Centre crowd toward Vince Carter.
RADICAL Islamic cleric Abu Bakar Bashir could face the death penalty if convicted of charges over the Bali bombings, which killed 88 Australians.
An Afghan election worker puts ballot papers next to Hamid Karzai #39;s name at Kabul #39;s counting center on Thursday Oct. 14, 2004.
Rwanda will delay sending troops to Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region by about a week because preparations have not been made to quarter the soldiers, an official said Saturday.
India #39;s ruling Congress Party has retained power in legislative elections in the country #39;s second largest state of Maharashtra.
Reuters - More than 250 world figures --\but not the Bush administration -- have urged the United
Insurgents in Iraq carry out a series of bomb attacks to coincide with the start of the holy month of Ramadan.
A controversial EU commission nominee sparks a new row by allegedly saying single mums are "not so good".
Police in Spain identify the body of an alleged ringleader of the March train bombings in Madrid.
Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said on Friday that the long-term outlook for global oil supplies is reassuring even though anxiety about dwindling 
_ A federal judge in New Hampshire says shareholders can go ahead with a class action suit against Tyco International. The suit alleges accounting fraud and looting by former top executives.
A Russian Soyuz spacecraft brought a new crew to the International Space Station Saturday morning, the Interfax news agency reported.
ISLAMABAD : The body of a Chinese engineer killed in an army operation to rescue him from his kidnappers was flown to China aboard a Pakistan military plane, officials said.
Opposition parties are demanding an urgent government statement on Iraq, with speculation that the Black Watch are about to start patrolling some of the most dangerous areas of the country.
Leg spinner Anil Kumble completed his sixth 10-wicket test haul on Saturday to give India a wonderful opportunity to square their four-match series against Australia.
A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern Afghan 
The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation is celebrating world food day.
A Russian spacecraft ferrying a fresh crew to the international space station had to be docked manually Saturday after an unexplained glitch sent it toward the outpost too quickly.
Auburn #39;s 38-28 win in the SEC championship game Saturday gave the Tigers a perfect 12-0 regular season. It was the first Auburn football team to accomplish that feat.
Canada buried a sailor this week who died in a submarine fire that naval officers say was poorly handled by the vessel #39;s skipper.
Health experts had warned that the nation's system for vaccine supply and distribution was growing increasingly fragile.
Moscow - The Kremlin Cup final will be an all-Russian affair for the first time after defending champion Anastasia Myskina beat new world No.
US Airways employees are earning less. A federal bankruptcy judge has given the troubled airline permission to cut the pay off its union employees by 21 percent immediately.
While hanging a television on the living-room wall may have captured the imagination of American consumers, it has yet to empty many pocketbooks.
AP - Descendants of the native American warrior Crazy Horse want a change in the famed Paris strip club named after him.
Royal Philips Electronics has signed a services contract with computer maker Dell Inc., which will manage the electronics company #39;s desktop environment.
AP - Defending champion Arsenal stretched its unbeaten streak in the Premier League to 49 games Saturday, beating Aston Villa 3-1 behind two goals by Robert Pires.
AP - Argentina's Guillermo Canas beat Tommy Haas of Germany 6-4, 6-3 Saturday to advance to the final of the CA Trophy.
Reuters - President Bush labeled Sen. John\Kerry on Saturday a political opportunist who is unfit to lead\amid "great threats" to America.
Argentina's Guillermo Canas beat Tommy Haas of Germany 6-4, 6-3 Saturday to advance to the final of the CA Trophy.
Forget the stereotypes about Scandinavian socialism and how its high taxes and expensive public health care system are destroying private enterprise.
Guillermo Canas of Argentina will play Feliciano Lopez of Spain in the final of the CA Trophy after straight sets victories Saturday.
French maestros Robert Pires and Thierry Henry combined to give champions Arsenal a classy 3-1 victory over Aston Villa at Highbury on Saturday.
Dell Inc. said yesterday that it plans to let people who buy its personal computers upgrade for \$39 from a traditional Microsoft Corp.
Speculation runs high over which of these companies might buy the Wichita plant -- perhaps by the end of the year. BY MOLLY MCMILLIN.
Apple Computer saw its shares jump 13 percent after it delivered a strong quarterly earnings report. Sales were propelled by burgeoning demand for the iPod digital-music player.
Titleholder Ernie Els moved within sight of a record sixth World Match Play title on Saturday by solving a putting problem to overcome injured Irishman Padraig Harrington 5 and 4.
Kevin Keegan has revealed that Manchester City would be without Sun Jihai will be out of action for a year with a serious leg injury.
AUCKLAND: New Zealand produced a superb fight back to hold Australia to a 16-16 draw in the opening game of the Tri-Nations series in Auckland.
Hollywood News: Washington, Oct 16: Italians might think otherwise, but Robert De Niro definitely has no bad intentions towards Italy even though his recent actions seem to suggest otherwise.
Winger Luke Rooney scored two tries on debut as Australia drew 16-16 with New Zealand in Saturday #39;s series-opening Tri Nations rugby league test.
About 70,000 displaced people are thought to have died in Sudan #39;s Darfur region since March, mainly from disease and malnutrition, a UN official says.
A town in the mineral rich Katanga region of the Democratic Republic of Congo has fallen to a mysterious group of militants. Going by the name of the Liberation Movement for 
AP - Colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the Florida election nightmare of four years ago.
Kofi Annan rejects claims that France and Russia might have been willing to ease sanctions on Iraq in return for oil.
Over the past few years the first fine wines made by former migrant workers, the children of those workers and other Mexican-Americans have been released, winning good reviews.
AP - Jason White threw for four touchdowns, two each to Travis Wilson and Mark Clayton, and No. 2 Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-21 Saturday.
KABUL - Three rockets were fired in the Afghan capital Kabul late Saturday injuring at least one person in the latest of a string of attacks following landmark elections.
Tajikistan on Saturday formally granted Russian forces in the Central Asian state a permanent military base in a move Russian President Vladimir Putin hailed as a guarantee of regional security.
Reuters - Washington Redskins star\linebacker LaVar Arrington will miss his fourth straight game\after having right knee surgery last month.
 FOXBORO, Mass. (Sports Network) - New England Patriots  running back Corey Dillon is still listed as questionable for  Sunday's game against Seattle with a foot injury.
AP - German authorities on Saturday said they were awaiting a formal request from Spain to extradite a Syrian-German businessman suspected of being a key al-Qaida figure.
Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson says next week #39;s game against Premier League champions Arsenal is a  #39;must win #39; affair for his struggling side.
Jason White threw for four touchdowns, two each to Travis Wilson and Mark Clayton, and No. 2 Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-21 Saturday.
The Chidambaram Stadium on Saturday was like a cauldron in which about 40,000 people were sweating profusely but their eyes were still glued to the ground.
Michael Hart rushed for 234 yards and No. 14 Michigan rallied from a halftime deficit to defeat Illinois 30-19 Saturday, sending the Illini to their 12th consecutive conference loss.
Ronaldo scored a second-half equalizer Saturday to earn struggling Real Madrid a 1-1 draw against Real Betis in the seventh round of the Spanish league.
Two American helicopters crash southwest of Baghdad, with two soldiers killed and two injured.
Crude oil futures continued to climb Friday, reaching a record high as decline in the US inventory of heating oil and tight supplies still overshadowed the energy markets.
Turin, Italy (Sports Network) - Juventus stretched its Serie A lead to five points Saturday with a 2-1 win over second-place Messina in Turin.
The most remarkable characteristic of Notre Dame #39;s 27-9 victory over Navy was the utter unremarkability of it. Dog bites man. Hare beats tortoise.
They came with their regimental colors, embroidered flags recording battles in 18th-century India, in the Napoleonic wars, against Ottoman legions in Iraq in World War I, on 
A 20-year-old man has been remanded in custody after appearing in court charged with the murder of Nottingham schoolgirl Danielle Beccan.
This part of Ohio went for George W. Bush four years ago in a 20-point landslide. But the 2,500 screaming, arm-waving supports of Senator John Kerry who jammed 
British Open winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the third round of the Greensboro Classic on Saturday. Lehman continued 
Once Wall Street stalwarts, the future of Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley are now being questioned - a sign of the broad changes in the financial landscape in recent years.
Darfur was about 10,000, blaming malnutrition and disease. He said the figure of 70,000 did not take into account deaths from violence.
London, Oct. 16: Prince Harry was cleared yesterday of cheating in his art A-level by the examination board that set and marked his papers.
At a time when the airlines are facing their most difficult challenges in recent history, they are running through one chief executive after another.
Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?
The dollar's strength is surprising, given the record current account deficit, but some forecasters say that strength will continue into next year.
Oklahoma wide receiver Mark Clayton scores a touchdown in the fourth quarter of the Sooners #39; 31-21 come-from-behind win over Kansas State Saturday in Manhattan.
CELTIC enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win at home to Hearts overnight as the visitors paid a heavy price for trying to frustrate the Scottish Premier League leaders.
In Afghanistan, seven people including two US soldiers died in explosions as early results from historic elections gave President Hamid Karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
Ernie Els will attempt to win a record sixth World Match Play Championship today after overwhelming Padraig Harrington 5  amp; 4 in the semi-final yesterday.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted that his expensively restructured squad deserves to be written off as serious Premiership title challengers.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson flooded the pitch with strikers in a bid to steal a victory that he hoped would prevent Arsenal and Chelsea disappearing over the Premiership horizon.
Houston Astros #39; Jeff Kent homers in the first inning against the St. Louis Cardinals during Game 3 of the National League Championship Series in Houston, Saturday Oct. 16, 2004.
A week after getting past California despite being badly beaten statistically, No. 1 Southern Cal took command early against Arizona State and routed the 15th-ranked Sun Devils 45-7 Saturday.
AP - Jason Campbell passed for a career-high 297 yards and three touchdowns to lead No. 4 Auburn to a 38-20 rout of Arkansas on Saturday.
AP - The Washington Redskins signed Ola Kimrin on Saturday to replace injured kicker John Hall.
AP - Cedric Benson rushed for 150 yards and two touchdowns and No. 9 Texas shook off a post-Oklahoma hangover Saturday with a 28-20 win over Missouri.
Fans around FedEx Field are beginning to wonder if Coach Joe Gibbs might yank veteran Mark Brunell, but Gibbs reiterated he has no plans to change quarterbacks.
Top-ranked Southern California makes a statement with a dominating 45-7 victory over fifteenth-ranked Arizona State on Saturday.
Howard quarterback Marcus Moreno runs for a six-yard touchdown to give the Bison a 42-35 overtime win over Morgan State.
Jason White throws four touchdowns and No. 2 Oklahoma overcomes its own mistakes to beat Kansas State, 31-21, on Saturday.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 16 -- John Itati had this crazy idea about three months ago. Why not try to run a marathon?
AP - A fund-raising e-mail from a Democratic congressional candidate contained a hidden expletive directed at his opponent, a newspaper reported Saturday.
Mark Ontonio Kelly, 20, is accused of killing the 14-year-old in the early hours of last Saturday as she returned home with friends from Nottinghams annual Goose Fair.
Oil prices and Chinas monetary competitiveness are blamed for the last August 54 billion US dollars trade deficit, the second highest in recent United States history.
A US-Russian crew had to turn off autopilot yesterday and manually moor its Soyuz spacecraft to the international space station after an unidentified glitch resulted 
The Houston Astros, down two games to none heading into Game 3 against the St. Louis Cardinals in the National League Championship Series, knew they could absolutely not 
THE Hearts manager, Craig Levein, decided it would be more useful to catch a flight to Holland than watch the second half of yesterdays match.
Explosions damaged churches in Baghdad yesterday and the US military reported the deaths of four more American troops in bomb attacks elsewhere in Iraq.
A Costa Rican judge on Saturday put the former head of the Organization of American States under house arrest for six months, while he is investigated for bribery claims, judicial officials said.
The US space agency NASA says incorrectly installed switches are the likely cause of the crash earlier this year of the Genesis space capsule.
Oct. 4, 2004, on the 47th anniversary of Russia #39;s launch of the first artificial satellite, Sputnik, history was again made in space.
Grace Park, her caddie - and fans - were poking around in the desert brush alongside the 18th fairway desperately looking for her ball.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has reopened the wounds of last seasons controversial clash with Arsenal at Old Trafford by branding the Gunners as a mob who got away with murder.
BERLIN : Bayern Munich tasted their first home defeat of the season with Schalke 04 grabbing a late 1-0 victory at the Olympic Stadium.
Friendship is one thing, competition quite another. That was apparent when reporters asked Juwan Howard and Liu Wei about playing against friends, Chris Webber and Yao Ming, in the China Games.
 quot;Everybody on the sideline was saying,Dont get complacent, the game is not over, quot; sophomore linebacker George Hall said.
Australia may try to negotiate a new defense and security treaty with Indonesia, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Sunday. A bilateral security agreeement the two neighbors 
The former president of the Organization of American States was returning to Costa Rica on Friday to answer questions about whether he accepted kickbacks, government officials said.
Ronaldo scored only his second league goal of the season to give Real Madrid a 1-1 draw at Real Betis on Saturday and salvage a point from another mediocre display.
AP - Egypt's foreign minister said Saturday that his country would not invite Iraqi opposition groups to a high-level conference on Iraqi elections planned next month at an Egyptian resort.
AFP - Seven people including two US soldiers died in explosions in Afghanistan, officials said, as early results from historic elections gave President Hamid Karzai a strong lead over his rivals.
AP - Newspaper endorsements in the 2004 presidential campaign between President Bush, a Republican, and Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat.
Peyton Manning threw three touchdown passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24 in the NFL on Sunday.
Americans are fixated on nutrition, freshness and convenience -- and in the minds of consumers, industry analysts say, old-fashioned cans do not stack up.
Even with the use of home accounting software, investors should still establish a filing system for paper receipts, warranties, tax records, bank statements and other essential documents.
Does replacing personal income and payroll taxes with a national sales tax, an idea President Bush has shown interest in, help the U.S. tax system?
More than 90 of Africans are proud of their continent, a new survey conducted for the BBC shows.
A significant number of patients who have their stomachs stapled develop nerve damage in their extremities, research has found.
Many detainees at Guantnamo Bay were regularly subjected to harsh and coercive treatment, several people who worked in the prison said in recent interviews.
Lycos Europe has apparently pulled the plug on its effort to orchestrate denial of service attacks against selected spammers. Earlier last week, the online community/portal company 
Grace Park built a four-shot lead at the Samsung World Championship Friday with a tournament record, 36-hole total of 15-under 129.
BAGHDAD, Iraq A US soldier assigned to Task Force Olympia has died of wounds suffered in a car bomb attack in the northern city of Mosul.
A law allowing Brazil's air force to shoot down suspected drug planes comes into force on Sunday.
Customer traffic fell in the past week from a year earlier, Wal-Mart said Saturday in a report on its comparable-store sales. Free!
HOUSTON - Roger Clemens has pitched as many important games as any pitcher of his generation, including nine All-Star games and seven World Series outings.
AP - The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Dallas Burn 2-2 on Saturday night in the season finale for both teams.
Scott Starks returned a Purdue fumble 40 yards for a touchdown with 2 minutes 36 seconds remaining to put Wisconsin ahead to stay.
Yankees' bats pound the Boston Red Sox to the brink of elimination with 22 hits in a 19-8 slaughter on Saturday night, giving New York a commanding 3-0 series advantage.
United and the MetroStars provided MLS with its first genuine rivalry during the league's inaugural season, and it resumes when the teams meet in the regular season finale Sunday.
Jarvis Hayes is keeping Jared Jeffries out of the conversation when it comes to discussing who will start at samll forward for the Wizards.
Kansas City secures the top seed in the Western Conference on Saturday with a 1-0 victory over Los Angeles.
Investors hit the rewind button on Netflix Inc. shares Friday, sending the DVD rental company #39;s stock down 41 percent amid an intensifying price war.
When I saw a young guy on the escalator, a large television on his shoulder and a gleam of triumph in his eye, I knew I was where I belonged.
Beautifully colored leaves, warm days, chilly nights, high school football and ah, yes, October baseball. Like most things in nature, fall is predictable.
A US request for British troops to move up to Baghdad to allow American forces to be pulled out for a possible attack on Fallujah is prompting fears from both troops and politicians 
An Iraqi man prays with his beads as others gather outside a destroyed church following an explosion in Baghdad, 16 October 2004. Bombs exploded near five churches around Baghdad this morning followed by a 
Minister of Foreign Affairs Mark Chen (  ) yesterday denied allegations that the ministry was conducting dollar diplomacy under the guise of foreign aid to Costa Rica.
Robert McTeer, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, is leaving after 13 years to become chancellor of the Texas A amp;M System.
The University of Illinois football team was looking for a turnaround Saturday at windswept Memorial Stadium. Instead, a potential upset of No.
A 17-day Israeli offensive on the Gaza Strip, the biggest in four years, came to an end after the army withdrew from the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza.
Red spruce trees in New England and upstate New York suffered severe damage last winter, University of Vermont researchers have found.
The New York Yankees, having won the taut pitchers #39; duel in Game 2, took Game 3 of the American League Championship Series to the other end of the spectrum.
Putting aside talk this might be his final game, Clemens focused on something more important - pitching to save the Astros #39; season.
Palm Desert, CA (Sports Network) - Grace Park posted a one-under 71 Saturday and holds a three-stroke lead after three rounds of the Samsung World Championship.
Navy had one opening, one sliver of a chance to make it a game against Notre Dame yesterday. After the Midshipmen drove 81 yards for a field goal midway through the 
Valentino Rossi is crowned world champion with victory at the Australian MotoGP.
WASHINGTON -- New rules approved this week by the Federal Communications Commission are aimed at making high-speed Internet available to more Americans.
LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has been warned not to put British troops in Iraq in danger merely as a political gesture to the American administration.
A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the International Space Station docked safely with the orbiting complex.
While Nobel prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. Do they do the job?
Delta Air Lines Inc. is on the brink of filing for bankruptcy, with the coming weeks critical. This weekend, the airline continues negotiations with its pilots union in Hollywood in order 
The US Financial Accounting Standards Board agreed to delay by six months implementation of a rule that will force companies to treat employee stock options as an expense.
Valentino Rossi secured his fourth consecutive MotoGP world championship in style with a thrilling win in the Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island.
Those waiting for USC to deliver a dominant performance were rewarded Saturday with Trojans #39; most complete effort thus far. Was it actually suggested that USC might be overrated?
SYDNEY : Australia said it was considering signing a new security agreement with Indonesia to replace a treaty between the countries that was scrapped when Canberra sent troops into East Timor in 1999.
Germany has cleared the way for the extradition to Spain of an Arab businessman long accused by the United States of financing al Qaeda and investigated 
AP - Security forces have captured four suspected militants, an Interior Ministry spokesman said Sunday, the latest detentions in a Saudi crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom.
AFP - NATO and Russia vowed to boost cooperation in fighting terrorism, notably firming up plans for Russian ships to join an Alliance counter-terror operation in the Mediterranean.
Crude oil's record-breaking run is not hitting consumer demand in France, the fastest growing euro zone economy, says budget minister Dominique Bussereau.
US forces and Iraqi militants exchange tank and mortar fire on the eastern edge of the western city of Falluja.
We should all have such luck: Bobby Britton won \$4 million playing the Massachusetts State Lottery and wants to get a second opinion on what to do.
WASHINGTON -- I'm so disorganized that I missed the chance to celebrate Get Organized Week.
Bill Gates predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant. It #39;s a positive vision, however, because new and 
Israeli troops have entered the Rafah refugee camp in southern Gaza in a new incursion to locate Palestinian weapons smuggling tunnels, the army says.
Muddy waters still occupied the heart of Gonaives last weekend, three weeks after Tropical Storm Jeanne provoked flash floods that killed some 1,900 and left 900 presumed dead.
As fellow astronauts, other friends and loved ones gathered in Houston yesterday to honor US  quot;frontiersman quot; Captain Leroy Gordon Cooper Jr.
If you #39;re a woman, Cari Lynn #39;s salty memoir will hearten you, though it might not sway you to enter the futures trading field.
Faulty switches are identified as the most likely cause of the Genesis sample-return capsule's crash landing last month.
More than 200 detainees were released Sunday from Abu Ghraib prison after a security review deemed them no longer a threat, the U.S. military said.
AP - Duncan Oughton scored in the 41st minute, and the Columbus Crew extended their unbeaten streak to 18 with a 1-1 tie against the Colorado Rapids on Saturday night.
PITTSBURGH -- Forget the Curse of the Bambino. How about the Curse of Heinz Field?
Thursday night is film night for Richard Seymour, and every week he takes someone new to the movies with him.
The San Jose Earthquakes clinched the final playoff spot in the Western Conference by tying the Burn, 2-2, last night in Dallas in the season finale for both teams.
LONDON -- David Beckham lurches from one crisis to another, and is being ridiculed by British newspapers as an attention-seeking drama queen.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Notre Dame's size and speed took all the drama out of its 41st straight victory over Navy.
TALLAHASSEE -- Virginia was ranked higher than Florida State and looking for its first road win against a top-10 team.
Gerry Burke of Milton, a senior at Brown University, has been elected as an assistant captain on the varsity hockey team.
WESTWOOD -- The Xaverian defense spent much of its Saturday afternoon chasing Cambridge quarterback Matt O'Brien. The Hawks caught him just in time.
Jimmie Johnson thought he needed a victory to jump back into contention for the Nextel Cup championship.
HANOVER, N.H. -- The Holy Cross football team left its heart on the field more than a few times in an 0-5 start this fall.
Sainsbury's is set to create 3,000 jobs as it looks to improve services at its supermarkets, newspapers report.
Newly-crowned world MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi has admitted his surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team Yamaha.
LOS ANGELES, California (Hollywood Reporter) -- Bill Gates predicts a future for the entertainment industry in which traditional broadcast television is rendered irrelevant.
From desperate times to an embarrassment of riches. From crying poor-mouth to fending off the wolves. Mayor Daley certainly is a man of extremes these days.
A surprisingly big climb in US retail sales in September and a larger-than-expected gain in underlying producer prices bolstered hopes for an economic revival and views 
The elected union representatives of Northwest Airlines pilots have voted unanimously to endorse concessions sought by the airline.
A section of a Chinese scientific satellite that was returning from orbit crashed into an apartment building, wrecking the top floor but causing no injuries, a newspaper said Sunday.
Nextel Communications Inc. is offering its first camera phone, the Motorola i860, which boasts a large color screen, measuring 2.2 inches and 262,000 colors.
ARSENAL tightened its grip on the English Premier League title yesterday as closest rival Chelsea slumped to its first defeat of the season at Manchester City.
Illinois lost to Michigan by 11 points and committed just two penalties to the 10 charged against the Wolverines on Saturday. So why was Illinois head coach Ron Turner complaining about the officiating?
A US Army soldier watches from atop his armoured vehicle as smoke rises in background after his unit destroyed a seized Katyusha rocket in Baghdad, Iraq, Sunday Oct. 17, 2004.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell will travel to the Far East next week and hold talks in Japan, the Japanese Foreign Ministry said Sunday.
Britain #39;s ambassador to Iraq has appealed for information that would lead to the recovery of the remains of former hostage Ken Bigley.
Rangers hopes of returning to the top of the Scottish Premier League were dashed on Sunday as they were held to a 1-1 draw at struggling Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Win or lose last night, the Yankees were committed to starting Orlando Hernandez in Game 4 tonight.
The question on everybody's mind -- Red Sox and Yankee fans -- is which Orlando Hernandez will show up at Fenway Park tonight for Game 4 of the American League Championship Series.
PARIS The verdict is in: The world #39;s greatest race car driver, the champion of champions - all disciplines combined - is Heikki Kovalainen.
Russia says Iran must do more to dispel international concerns about its nuclear programme.
Yao Ming and his Houston Rockets entertained Chinese basketball fans with two real NBA games this weekend, though they were just two pre-season games against the Sacramento Kings.
A cohort of Palestinian intellectuals proposed setting up a central Zakah fund to channel the alms into productive projects 
Short-Media have thrown up a new article which asks does Windows Service Pack 2 slow you down? Microsoft released Service Pack 2 and millions installed it.
With Chelsea losing their unbeaten record and Manchester United failing yet again to win, William Hill now make Arsenal red-hot 2/5 favourites to retain the title.
British troops are likely to be deployed outside southern Iraq for the first time in support of US troops in some of the worst trouble spots in the country, including Baghdad, it emerged last night.
Reuters - The Iraq war has done little to increase\security across the world or halt the activities of\international terrorists, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi\Annan said Sunday.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - President Bush turned is turning the tables on Sen...
A Soyuz spacecraft with a replacement crew for the international space station docked safely with the orbiting complex early Saturday.
KABUL - Interim leader Hamid Karzai holds about 70 per cent of the votes counted so far after Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential election.
An explosion went off Sunday at an airport in Kenya #39;s capital, wounding at least two people Sunday and prompting authorities to seal off the facility to air traffic, witnesses said.
Saudi Arabia banned tinted car windows on Sunday in a move aimed at preventing militants escaping detection on the kingdom #39;s roads.
Halo 2, the sequel to Microsoft #39;s best-selling game for its Xbox video console, has leaked onto the internet nearly four weeks before its planned sale.
Boston Red Sox manager Terry Francona walked into his clubhouse Thursday morning and it was the same place he #39;s enjoyed all season.
(Sports Network) - Carlos Beltran may be the newest Killer B in Houston #39;s lineup, but right now he is also the most feared hitter on the Astros.
Brit Greg Rusedski continued to pick up momentum in his comeback from being falsely accused of drug doping earlier this year by the ATP, Friday upsetting No.
TORONTO (CP) - Trading in shares of Royal Group Technologies Ltd. remained halted by regulatory order Thursday amid rumours about police and securities commission investigations of the building products maker.
Ernie Els claimed a record sixth World Match Play title by beating Lee Westwood two and one in a gripping final at Wentworth. The South African world number two celebrated 
Sergio Garcia justified his position as pre-tournament favourite, and perhaps even his decision to turn down the chance of 1million, with victory in the Mallorca Classic today.
Those of you who try to follow the Bundesliga by checking the German media will come off a confusing week, as there was very little talk of football.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Tajik President Imomali Rakhmonov dedicated the first permanent Russian military base in Tajikistan today.
If there is one IT company that has changed the way we surf the Internet, especially while searching for data online, then it has to be Google.
Europe has been a cold place for American carmakers these last few years. On Thursday, the General Motors Corporation made clear just how cold, announcing it 
Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a narrower quarterly loss as revenue rose for the second consecutive quarter on higher sales of servers after three years of declines.
Four men were sentenced to termed imprisonment Thursday in Beijing for creating and profiting from pornographic websites, reported China Daily on Thursday.
IBM and Cisco Systems have unveiled product updates that will tie technology from the two companies more closely together in an effort to secure customer networks from worms and viruses.
THE US had asked Britain to redeploy troops stationed in the UK-controlled zone in southern Iraq, the Ministry of Defence confirmed today.
A huge fire on Sunday destroyed 22 floors of Venezuela #39;s highest tower block in a Caracas complex housing ministries and state agencies, but there were no casualties, authorities said.
If Kurt Busch goes on to win his first NASCAR title, he can point to the 500 miles at Lowe #39;s Motor Speedway as the defining race of his season.
A summit of African leaders in Libya seeks a solution to the crisis in the Sudanese region of Darfur.
Two people are hurt in a blast at one of the airports in Nairobi, thought to be the result of an accident.
Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels dismiss new government proposals to restart peace talks.
LINCOLN, Neb. - Drummer Tommy Lee has played plenty of stadium shows with his band Motley Crue...
AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
Reuters - A loud explosion rocked a cafe\frequented by Iraqi police near the Australian embassy in\Baghdad on Sunday, witnesses said.
AFP - President Hamid Karzai maintained his early lead in Afghanistan's election after just over eight percent of the ballots had been counted, the election commission said.
AP - President Bush asked for it. Sen. John Kerry voted for it. Both candidates now find their education agendas driven by the No Child Left Behind law.
AP - Judge Dick Ambrose wants his name to stand out on the November ballot like an orange Cleveland Browns helmet in a sea of Steelers black and gold.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A loud explosion rocked a cafe  frequented by Iraqi police near the Australian embassy in  Baghdad on Sunday, witnesses said.
The capsule of a Chinese satellite returning to Earth has smashed into a building in southwestern Sichuan province, causing damage but no injuries.
FRANCE #39;s Sebastien Loeb became the new world rally champion today after finishing second behind Markko Martin in the Rally of Corsica.
Sun Microsystems (nasdaq: SUNW - news - people ) said it broke even for the fiscal first quarter, topping analysts #39; estimates.
Bear Stearns has received subpoenas from federal investigators looking into its municipal bond business, the company reported in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday.
The retrievable chamber of China #39;s 20th recoverable satellite returned to Earth with a bang, crashing through the roof of a house, the Beijing News says.
Juventus stretched their Serie A lead to five points as they battled to a 2-1 win over this season #39;s surprise packages Messina.
This is turning out to be more like a game of snakes and ladders than anything else. Or perhaps an analogy with chess would be better.
GUANGZHOU, China Few business executives watch the growth of the Chinese economy as closely as Michael Smith, the chief executive of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking.
The Sudanese government says it will open talks with a new rebel group from the troubled region of Darfur.
Lamina Ceramics plans to introduce a light-emitting diode array with heat-reduction technology that allows it to be as bright as a theatrical light without a meltdown.
AP - Clinton Portis had his best day since changing teams and Washington throttled Chicago's inept offense as the Redskins beat the Bears 13-10.
ATLANTA San Diego led 17-to-7 in the fourth quarter when Michael Vick, whose rights were traded by the Chargers to Atlanta in 2001, got rolling.
AP - Takeo Spikes made good on his vow the Buffalo Bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
The Jets overcame a 14-3 halftime deficit and Jonathan Vilma intercepted Tim Rattay's pass with 1:44 to go, helping New York make franchise history.
Ernie Els won the tournament for a record sixth time, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1 Sunday to capture golf's biggest payday -- \$1.8 million.
Clinton Portis runs for 171 yards but the Redskins need several big plays from their defense to hold off the Bears, 13-10, in Chicago.
Overmatched and undermanned, the Panthers had no chance against the Eagles in a rematch of last season's NFC championship game, 30-8.
Buffalo running back Willis McGahee made the first start of his career in the Bills' game against the Miami Dolphins on Sunday.
Thanks to a break in the weather, search teams have found the black box of a cargo jet that crashed at Halifax #39;s International Airport last week.
AFP - US death penalty opponents hope that Democrat John Kerry, a former prosecutor who opposes executions, wins the presidency from George W. Bush, who strongly supports the death penalty.
FOXBORO, Mass. - The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks 30-20 Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins, including playoffs...
NEW YORK -- Risk consultant Kroll Inc. on Sunday named a new chief executive to replace Michael G. Cherkasky, the new head of Marsh Inc.
An African mini summit on theDarfur issue, which brought together leaders from Libya, Sudan,Egypt, Nigeria and Chad, opened here Sunday.
The Iraq war has done little to increase security across the world or halt the activities of international terrorists, United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan says.
An explosion went off Sunday at an airport in Kenya #39;s capital, wounding at least two people Sunday and prompting authorities to seal off the facility to air traffic, witnesses said.
Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home to nine-man Sevilla on Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear at the top of the Primera Liga table.
Zimbabwe #39;s main opposition leader is relaxing today in his bungalow in Harare, having just escaped a death sentence for treason.
HALIFAX - Investigators have recovered the flight data recorders from the wreckage of the cargo jet that crashed at Halifax International Airport last week.
Reuters - Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and\two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th\consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in
AP - There was some national championship talk going on in the locker room at Auburn's Jordan-Hare Stadium.
Macquarie Infrastructure Group on Monday confirmed it had been selected as preferred bidder for 100 per cent of the Chicago Skyway toll bridge concession.
Corey Dillon rushed for 105 yards and two touchdowns as the New England Patriots won their 20th consecutive game, defeating the Seattle Seahawks 30-20 in National Football League action in Foxboro on Sunday.
Brett Favre and Darren Sharper have forgotten more motivational speeches than they can remember. If the Green Bay Packers bounce back this season from their 
Chad Pennington could feel the pressure of trying to make franchise history weighing down his teammates. Trailing 14-3 at halftime, Pennington spoke up in the locker room.
Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko secured approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office, the top election official said Monday.
A fire truck prepares to leave after it extinguished a fire, Sunday, 17 Oct, 2004 at Nairobi #39;s Wilson airport after an explosion shook the building.
Inside the gutted church, with the acrid scent of burning still thick and the crunch of charcoal under foot, Iraqi Christians baptized Savio Mar Georgis.
Haiti #39;s interim prime minister on Sunday accused the ousted president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, of directing a wave of violence from exile, while 
The Russian government has issued a new threat to strip Yukos oil of its production licenses, the Moscow Times reported Monday. Natural Resources Minister Yury Trutnev said 
Capitalizing on the success of its iPod music players and laptops California-based Apple Computer is set to open six stainless steel and white mini-stores.
MADRAS - Damien Martyn struck a valiant 104 to spark a remarkable Australian fightback in the second Test against India yesterday.
LONDON : Charlton came from a goal down to draw 1-1 with Newcastle at The Valley and maintain their unbeaten home record this season.
Tom Brady lost his helmet and a fumble on a hard hit, then threw an interception that jeopardized New England #39;s NFL-record winning streak.
accused of sheltering fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Washington #39;s main foe in Iraq. which involved US air strikes on targets in the city.
The parents of British soldiers killed in Iraq were among thousands of protesters who joined an anti-war march through central London yesterday.
A powerful explosion kills six and injures at least 20 at a cafe in Baghdad popular with Iraqi police officers.
George W Bush and John Kerry fight to win over voters in Florida, the US state which narrowly decided the 2000 polls.
Faulty switches have been identified as the most likely cause of the Genesis sample-return capsule #39;s crash landing in Utah, US, last month.
England #39;s tour to Zimbabwe next month looks certain to go ahead after an inquiry found no evidence of racism within the Zimbabwe Cricket Union.
The days of writing a check and scrambling to the bank within a few days to cover it with a deposit are coming to an end. The paper check is going high tech.
South Korea will pick its first two astronauts next year for a space trip by 2007, the science ministry said Sunday, after Russia agreed to help the country #39;s space program.
AP - Jake Plummer and Reuben Droughns did little wrong while turning the Denver Broncos' biggest rivalry into a rout.
MADRAS: Damien Martyn masterminded Australia #39;s stirring fightback yesterday to leave the second cricket Test against India poised for a knife-edge finish.
A record play helped the Cleveland Browns get their record to .500. Oh, and playing the Cincinnati Bengals didn #39;t hurt, either.
The New England Patriots stopped a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks, running their streak to 20 wins.
Carlos Beltran homers in a record fifth consecutive postseason game in the eighth inning to carry the Astros over the Cardinals, 6-5, knotting the series at two games apiece.
The New England Patriots stop a late Seattle comeback to beat the Seahawks, 30-20, on Sunday, running their streak to 20 wins.
If Kurt Busch goes on to win his first title, he can point to the 500 miles at Lowe's Motor Speedway as the defining race of his season.
Propelled by Google envy, new players and Internet industry giants are rushing into the online search market.
Ford plans to offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
A different Michael is about to take center stage at Walt Disney Co. On Wednesday a nasty and grueling battle between Disney shareholders 
Japanese automakers #39; stocks such as Toyota Motor Corp. rose after a US government report showed retail sales gained more than some economists expected.
Coffee shop giant Starbucks said it was launching the first of its  quot;music bars quot; where customers can listen to digital recordings and burn their own CDs.
India #39;s cricketers need another 210 runs today to beat Australia in the second Test in Chennai and tie their four-match series at 1-1.
Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam overhauled a three-shot deficit in the last five holes to win a record fourth Samsung World Championship in California.
Two-time All-Star Ray Boone, patriarch of a three-generation baseball family, died early Sunday following a long illness. He was 81.
For years, Israel has feuded with the United Nations refugee agency for Palestinians over a wide range of issues, and recently Israel thought it had found a smoking gun to press its case.
French Foreign Minister Michel Barnier, visiting Israel to patch up tense relations, promised on Sunday that his country would do all it could to fight anti-Semitism.
Washington, DC - The No. 11 MSU basketball team lost 96-83 to George Washington Saturday afternoon in the first-round of the BB amp;T Classic.
Just when it appeared that Michael D. Eisner, the chief executive of the Walt Disney Company, could begin enjoying the company #39;s turnaround and his final years in 
The Lions had a chance to make a statement and a stand in the NFC North division race Sunday and --in fairness to the coach -- their performance defied description.
A summit of African leaders on the crisis in the Sudanese region of Darfur opened Sunday in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, the BBC reported.
AP - In a break with tradition, The Tampa Tribune, a Republican standard-bearer for decades, refused Sunday to endorse anyone for president for the first time since 1964.
GREENSBORO, NC -- Tom Lehman called a one-stroke penalty on himself during Sunday #39;s final round of the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro.
Internet advertisers face a new enemy: people who click on ads with no intention of buying.
Steven P. Jobs, founder of Apple, unveiled a new line of miniretail stores, making his first appearance since cancer surgery.
Travel sites want to help you find a cheap trip. But is cost the only factor to consider?
AP - Roy Oswalt was one worry the Houston Astros hadn't counted on against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL championship series.
Japanese 10-year bonds fell after the US government said retail sales rose more than expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
For many employers, health saving accounts - the newest insurance innovation - is a lot like a swimming pool on summer #39;s first hot day.
The Houston Astros #39; Carlos Beltran has the St Louis Cardinals shaking their heads in disbelief and baseball owners quaking in their boots.
 HOUSTON (Reuters) - The Houston Astros' Carlos Beltran has  the St Louis Cardinals shaking their heads in disbelief and  baseball owners quaking in their boots.
England's secondary schools should drop GCSEs and A-levels for a diploma, a report says, but reaction is mixed.
The Jets' defense shut down the San Francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread wireless installations, IP telephony deployment, and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Trans-Tasman beer and wine group Lion Nathan Ltd will concentrate on its premium wine business after making \$72 million in writedowns, mostly to its Australian wine business.
The Wizards have eight potential free agents on the roster, including projected starters Larry Hughes, Brendan Haywood and Kwame Brown.
D.C. United beats the MetroStars, 3-2, Sunday night in a tuneup for their first-round playoff series.
A contingent of 95 riot police from China arrived in Haiti on Sunday to help restore order in the Caribbean nation plagued with gang and political violence 
Boston pitcher Curt Schilling threw in the bullpen for the second time in three days Sunday, but it was unclear whether he would be available for the rest of the ALCS.
Reuters - Britain's national academy of science\urged the United Nations on Monday to ignore a call by\President Bush to ban all forms of human cloning.
AP - The State Department said Thursday it expects continued progress in Pakistan toward democratic rule, showing no concern about moves to allow President Pervez Musharraf to remain on as army chief.
The area's mix of retail tenants is changing from mom-and-pop shops to a blend of well-known chains.
Marketer says the left-leaning groups are miles ahead in using the Internet for political advocacy.
Successful businessman Here, But He Hasn't Forgotten His Native El Salvador.
Their biggest clients hit hard by viruses, worms and other attacks, Microsoft Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc. are planning to work together to help their corporate customers fight back.
British troops may end up in one of the most violent flashpoints in Iraq in an operation to help the United States forces poised for an assault on the rebel stronghold of Fallujah.
Tokyo stocks slid Friday for a sixth straight session as concerns about rising oil prices and Wall Street #39;s overnight weakness combined to knock Japanese blue chips lower.
The two Merck  amp; Co. executives were somber as the company plane pitched and rolled through the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne on the night of Sept.
On his 35th birthday, Ernie Els received a familiar present -- a World Match Play title. And he just might have his 96-year-old grandfather to thank.
Dixon finishes ninth overall in the championship with a second placing his best result of the season. He now takes a break, with a fair amount of testing lined up over our summer.
Arsenal  quot;got away with murder quot; following the ugly scenes at the end of their stormy match at Manchester United last season, according to United boss Alex Ferguson.
India ended the fourth day needing 210 more runs to win this multi-stranded epic of a second Test and level the series against Australia.
Haggling between election allies delays the formation of a new government in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The price of crude oil surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday amid continued uncertainty over production, high demand and tight supply globally.
Tokyo stocks edged lower Monday morning because of concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Shares in Australian insurer AXA Asia Pacific Holdings plummeted more than 10 percent Monday after a proposed buyout by its French-based major shareholder was scrapped.
Sete Gibernau was fuming after a mechanical problem robbed him of the chance to take the world championship fight to the final round of the season.
Leaders from Sudan and four other African countries issued a joint statement here late Sunday, rejecting any foreign intervention in the Darfur issue and stressing that the 
A top 10 ranking, an undefeated season and the ACC lead all came crashing down for Virginia in an all-too-familiar place Saturday night.
Reuters - When narrow colonial-era streets get jammed with evening traffic in India's technology capital, the radio disc jockey on car stereos turns agony aunt.
Mount St. Helens continued the slow process of building a new lava dome in its crater yesterday with still more lava pushing to the surface, geologists reported.
Newly-crowned world champion Valentino Rossi expects his Yamaha factory bike will be faster next season to meet the challenges of Honda.
In the offseason, Wisconsin Coach Barry Alvarez gathered his seniors together for a stark reminder of their status in Madison. Should they fail to win a Big Ten championship, Alvarez reminded 
Voters in Belarus appear to have approved a referendum that will scrap term limits and allow the country #39;s authoritarian leader to seek a third term in office.
NAIROBI, Kenya - An explosion at an airport in Kenyas capital Sunday slightly injured two people and caused a fire that destroyed part of a departure lounge, police said.
Brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.
South Africa #39;s largest domestic gold producer is poised to make a surprise takeover bid for Gold Fields. With the backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, Harmony will 
Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented 55 dollars per barrel today as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
Julian Tavarez #39;s 2-2 slider to Carlos Beltran was theoretically a good pitch Sunday afternoon. It was low, outside and traveling 81 miles per hour.
The UK's defence secretary is to address parliament on proposals to put some troops under US command in Iraq.
School districts are following the lead of the rapid escalation of commercialism at college and professional arenas and stadiums.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein scored hits with Pulp Fiction, Shakespeare In Love and Chicago. Yet his relationship with parent company Disney has been like a bad marriage.
The Walt Disney Co. appears poised to end its current deal with Miramax Films founders Bob and Harvey Weinstein after an often rocky 10-year relationship.
Annika Sorenstam charged from three shots back in the final five holes yesterday to overtake Grace Park and win her fourth Samsung World Championship in Palm Desert, Calif.
The Zimbabwe Cricket Union was cleared on Sunday of racism by an International Cricket Council investigation. The probe was launched after 15 white players were dismissed for backing Heath Streak, who was 
The company expands its server software for creating slick interfaces for Web applications.
The companies plan to share security features to help customers protect their networks from worms and viruses.
Daunte Culpepper passed for 425 yards and five touchdowns Sunday night to lead the Minnesota Vikings to a 38-31 victory over the New Orleans Saints.
AP - Kobe Bryant had 23 points and six rebounds to help the Los Angeles Lakers to a 94-80 preseason win over the Golden State Warriors on Sunday night.
Gary Price checks in with web search pioneer Matthew Koll, who shares his thoughts on the current and future state of the industry.
Oil prices surge past a record \$55 per a barrel in Asian trade, amid concerns over winter fuel supplies.
A takeover bid which would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn, is reportedly being considered in South Africa.
Ford plans to offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and it will begin installing the systems at the factory.
Japanese 10-year bonds fell after a US report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
PSA Peugeot Citroen China #39;s unit is expected to miss its full-year car sales target due to intense competition and slumping sales.
Miles away from humans in the middle of squirrel country sits a piece of equipment that may lead scientists to the origins of the universe.
First-year defensive coordinator Bret Bielema recalled that coach Barry Alvarez warned him when he hired him at Wisconsin  quot;to be careful what you tell these 
We were unable to get off the field on defense. We were unable to make first downs on offense. Im not telling you anything you dont know.
Two armed militants infiltrated Israel early on Sunday from the southern Gaza Strip near the community of Holit, near the Sufa crossing.
Hamid Karzais rivals say its still too early to concede Afghanistans inaugural presidential election, despite the interim leaders dominant showing after three days of vote-counting.
Exchange-traded funds are a nifty idea, but its easy for investors to make mistakes with them. Here are four ETFs Morningstar likes.
Newcastle United boss Graeme Souness is likely to discipline Craig Bellamy after the striker fired a broadside at his manager yesterday.
The recent, and yet another uncalled for, murder, of a British citizen, Ken Bigley, has added to the collateral damage of the war against Iraq.
AP - Gay marriage is emerging as a big enough issue in several states to influence races both for Congress and the presidency.
Science News, Kazakhstan - A Russian-US crew blasted off bound for the International Space Station where they will spend six months conducting experiments including work on the search for an AIDS vaccine.
Irving - Pittsburgh #39;s highly efficient passing game prevented Dallas from passing its biggest test of the season Sunday at Texas Stadium.
Radical proposals out today that would trigger the biggest shake-up to the secondary school examination system for 60 years are likely to feature in Labour #39;s manifesto for the general election.
Graeme Souness maintains his Newcastle players should not get upset if he decides they should be substituted. Craig Bellamy was clearly unhappy when he was replaced by Shola Ameobi 
AFP - Online theft of financial information from individuals has become one of the fastest-growing non-violent crimes in the Asia-Pacific region, technology research house IDC says.
Crude oil futures rose to a record in New York for a third day on speculation US demand for heating oil will deplete inventories this winter.
A funny thing has happened in the 18 months since Apple Computer launched its iTunes Music Store, offering legal music downloads for 99 cents.
Beginning Wednesday, an unusual mix of Hollywood moguls, high-powered corporate directors and legal scholars will train their eyes on a relatively tiny courtroom in Georgetown, Del.
Oil prices rallied to a record above \$55 a barrel Monday on concerns over a winter fuel supply crunch, and as traders took comments from a top US official to mean high 
Forget those flashbacks of hanging, dimpled or pregnant chads from the 2000 presidential election debacle that plagued Palm Beach County voters.
The much-discussed convergence of computers and home entertainment took a big step toward fruition with an October 12 announcement by Microsoft Corporation.
Baseball #39;s Next Big Thing stands 6-foot-1 and weighs 190 pounds, human dimensions for a sport that used to be more human than most.
Ernie Els won the World Match Play Championship for a record sixth time on his 35th birthday yesterday, beating Lee Westwood 2 and 1. That gave Els the \$1.
Nothing concerning the New England Patriots can be dismissed as implausible, not with the team performing with the historic sweep that it is.
GREENSBORO - Brent Geiberger was handed a cell phone late Sunday night and pressed it against his ear. A familiar voice came out the other end.
FOR years they were the bullies of the Premiership playground but now Manchester United are finding that the little guys can fight back.
Hundreds of insurgents arrive from other cities amid airstrikes by the US, which sees the city as a terrorist haven. By wire services.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said Monday that terrorists are aiming to derail President Bush #39;s chances at re-election through their attacks in Iraq.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said on Sunday that the Iraq war has done little to enhance security around the world or halt the activities of international terrorists.
Haitian Prime Minister Gerard Latortue has accused former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide of inciting violence back home country while living in exile in South Africa.
Thousands of protesters, including the grieving parents of killed soldiers, have marched in London to demand the removal of British troops from Iraq.
AP - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes.
Judges at the war crimes trial of the ex-Yugoslav leader may issue subpoenas to defence witnesses unwilling to testify.
Boston officials are considering plans to invest city funds directly into biotechnology companies, part of a broader effort to stimulate the hot industry within city limits and create jobs.
Three Bulgarians face a Greek court, accused of locking up a  pregnant girl in an Athens flat to sell her baby.
HARLAN, Ky. - Out-of-state license plates tell the story of eastern Kentucky's rising popularity among off-roaders...
People with chronic disease should not rely on the net for health advice, research suggests.
Japanese 10-year bonds fell after a US report showed retail sales rose more than economists expected last month, damping concern demand for Japan #39;s goods will slow.
Written by Net 4 Nowt Telstra achieves broadband milestone Telstra today announced that more than one million broadband customers had been connected to its network across Australia.
It #39;s described as  quot;the third wire, quot; a third way to get broadband Internet into your home besides cable and telephone DSL lines.
Valentino Rossi hailed this year #39;s against-the-odds championship win as his finest achievement yet after winning the Australian Grand Prix at Phillip Island.
Geoff Hoon today faces a bruising Commons showdown over plans to send British soldiers into the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
WOOLWORTHS and joint venture partner Victorian pubs owner Bruce Mathieson have until 7pm today to withdraw or extend their bid for Australian Leisure and Hospitality.
A draft report from the Commerce Commission says mobile phone operators have abused their dominant position in the market to keep the cost of calling high.
Optus says it has achieved more than 250,000 broadband subscribers, as it continues to benefit from an industry-wide surge in popularity for the internet service.
Tokyo stocks edged lower Monday for a seventh straight session because of concerns about rising oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Chipmaker to focus on technology and features instead of megahertz.
Legitimate mortgage lenders inadvertently support--and get tangled in--spam traps.
Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko, accused in the west of being a tyrant, won overwhelming approval in a referendum to run for a third term in office.
Australian journalist John Martinkus has been released unharmed after being detained by an unknown group in Iraq, SBS television says.
Historically, if you're a Yankee and you get to this time of year, good things happen. Especially when your manager is Joe Torre.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- Chad Pennington could feel the pressure of trying to make franchise history weighing down his teammates.
Takeo Spikes made good on his vow the Buffalo Bills would finally provide some good news for their fans this weekend.
On his 35th birthday, Ernie Els received a familiar present -- a World Match Play title. And he just might have his 96-year-old grandfather to thank.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Slurry with infringe on top
Brain researchers have a new argument against executing teenagers: they are not yet wired for adult decision making.
While Nobel Prizes are given for past performance, other types of inducement prizes are intended to spur innovation. Do they do the job?
On an unlikely night, the most unlikely play may have preserved California #39;s BCS berth and its Rose Bowl hopes. A late defensive extra point turned the tide for the No.
The rand was looking to strengthen further on Monday, extending Friday #39;s gains against the greenback, which tumbled following the release of poor US economic data.
Graeme Souness, the Newcastle manager, has said he will view video footage of Craig Bellamy apparently verbally abusing him before taking any action against the Wales striker.
Valentino Rossi (L), in a Yamaha, sneaks past Sete Gibernau to take the lead for good at the Australian Grand Prix on Phillip Island, Oct 17.
Purdue coach Joe Tiller said his defensive coaches looked at videotape of Saturday #39;s 20-17 loss to Wisconsin and realized one of their worst fears.
&lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; WORM and a spec for LTO-4 due this year
The Indonesian government plans toissue 3 trillion rupiah (around 333.33 million US dollars) worth of bonds on Oct. 26, an official said Monday.
Neither Miami (Fla.) nor Florida State, nor the Orange Bowl for that matter, wanted the matchup that ensued last New Year #39;s night.
An Australian journalist was taken hostage in Baghdad for 24 hours last weekend and was released unharmed, according to Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Monday.
Tom Izzo was relieved his Michigan State team escaped with a 66-60 victory over George Mason on Sunday in the consolation game of the BB amp;T Classic.
Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.
French police discover two big arms caches thought to belong to the Basque separatists Eta.
Australian uptake of broadband Internet has exceeded expectations, with Telstra announcing its one millionth broadband customer a year ahead of schedule.
Jessica Beltran served two ham and cheese sandwiches and four pieces of bacon before her husband tied a major league record Sunday with his eighth home run of the postseason.
Though his Brazilian buddy won the race, Tony Kanaan completed a more impressive feat in his Indy Racing League championship season.
Jets players were already thinking ahead to their showdown in New England next weekend before theyd toweled off from their showers after dodging a major disaster Sunday.
Inflation in the dozen nations sharing the euro slowed more than initially estimated in September as companies reduced prices to lure customers to the stores, offsetting record energy costs.
Oracle is warning customers to apply software patches it released in August because of the availability of malicious code that can exploit unpatched vulnerabilities in its software.
Rookie Ben Roethlisberger completed 11 consecutive passes on the visiting Pittsburgh Steelers #39; last two scoring drives Sunday, leading them to a 24-20 comeback victory against the Dallas Cowboys.
The Bears shored up their defensive problems on the weak side, but the Washington Redskins ran on them just about every other way imaginable.
Hundreds of firefighters backed by helicopters have battled a raging blaze that destroyed at least 12 floors of Venezuela #39;s tallest skyscraper.
Shares in pharmaceutical company Elan soared in early trading this morning after a newspaper report that US company Biogen was considering a bid for the company.
The alleged allegiance of Al-Tawheed wal Jihad group in Iraq to Al-Qaeda network of Osama Bin Laden pledged in an unverified statement 
Apple sold 860,000 iPods in its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, more than twice the 336,000 it sold in the same period in 2003.
After years as the unrivaled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple Computer.
Here is what we know about the Jets: They have done everything that they have had to do so far. Every opponent put in front of them has been defeated.
We are down to seven unbeaten teams with Bowl Championship Series title game aspirations. Idealistically, all but Boise State have a chance at getting to the Orange Bowl.
A car bomb exploded near a police patrol in Baghdad #39;s fashionable Jadiriyah district, killing at six people, including three police officers, and wounding 26 others.
Afghanistan #39;s interim leader Hamid Karzai has a 45-point lead after the first million votes were counted in the country #39;s presidential poll.
Chancellor Gordon Brown is in danger of breaking his economic "golden rule" because forecasts for tax revenues are too optimistic, a report says.
Oct. 15, 2004 - Despite a new study #39;s findings, there #39;s still no clear-cut evidence linking cell phone use to brain tumors.
On top of the leaderboard at the Chrysler Classic of Greensboro, he began having visions of his first PGA Tour victory. But Ogilvie struggled with his putting the rest of the 
BANGKOK - The future looked brighter for leaf-tailed geckos and great white sharks after a UN meeting on trade in wild plants and animals.
TheDeal.com - A fourth independent director for the software company took the stand Friday.
'Linux set to assume the role of a universal platform'
Despite proximity of faster, cheaper AMD rivals
AFP - European stock markets reversed initial gains to fall in early trading, as New York crude oil futures rose to new record high points above 55 dollars a barrel, dealers said.
Will the European Central Bank intervene in the world #39;s currency markets to put a lid on the euro? It has become a tantalizing prospect for many Europeans, who are nervous 
Jordan says the lack of security in Iraq is causing a big increase in drug trafficking in the Middle East region. 
Iraqi officials say the US military has released a key negotiator involved in efforts to avert full scale military assault on Fallujah -- an insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad.
From discounters to department stores, the nation #39;s retailers reported bleak November sales yesterday, raising doubts about holiday sales prospects.
Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 per barrel Monday as uncertainty swirls over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
Industry analyst Trilby Lundberg says the drop comes thanks to an increase in crude oil supplies combined with the recovery of US offshore oil production after Hurricane Ivan.
Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror. A News.com special report.
The homeland security boom is funneling billions of dollars to antiterror tech makers, problems with accountability and coordination. A News.com special series.
Strategic conflicts, rampant confusion and election-year politics are slowing the war on terror. A News.com special report.
U.S. government isn't doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, a CNET News.com-Harris Interactive poll finds.
Is the U.S. investing in the proper technologies to fight terrorism? Leading figures such as Jim Barksdale give their insights.
but the UK has emerged as the company #39;s strongest European market, reports the Sunday Times. The Sunday Times Business section yesterday published 
Investigators may have discovered what caused the Genesis spacecraft to crash into the Utah desert this September. Some crucial switches were installed backwards, because of an error in the instructions.
TAMPA - When the first Bowl Championship Series standings are released today, expect the first step in a season-long Ute Movement.
Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.
AP - Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Monday that the U.S. presidential election was stalling the Middle East peace process and urged other countries to increase their efforts.
Crude oil prices surged past an unprecedented \$55 a barrel before sliding back in overnight trading Monday, amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supplies.
Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. said Monday that it named Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive and a director, effective immediately.
Performance Food Group Co. said Monday that earnings for the third and fourth quarters will fall below its previous estimates, in part due to the effects of the hurricanes that hit the Southeast.
LOS ANGELES - With Microsoft pulling out the stops to make computers part of home entertainment, Will Poole was a natural choice to lead the business producing PC versions of Windows.
Vodafone and EDS have deployed a global managed service for ABN AMRO Bank of the Netherlands, based on RIM #39;s BlackBerry mobile email clients.
HOUSTONAfter falling behind 0-2 in the NL Championship Series, the best-case scenario for the Houston Astros played itself out this weekend.
ARSENE Wenger is refusing to be drawn into a war of words with Sir Alex Ferguson ahead of Sundays Old Trafford showdown between Arsenal and Manchester United.
Jets running back Curtis Martin, who amassed 111 rushing yards on 25 carries. Martin also found the end zone twice, scoring on plays of 1 and 9 yards.
The top Fallujah negotiator in peace talks with the government dashed hopes of resuming talks soon despite his release Monday by US and Iraqi authorities, saying negotiations remain suspended.
Thousands of anti-war activists marched through central London, Sunday, October 17, 2004, to protest the US-led occupation of Iraq.
Apple Computer may have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac computers, but competitors 
After years as the unrivalled king of the digital-media world, the venerable MP3 music format is losing ground to rival technologies from Microsoft and Apple.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu failed a drug test, the English players #39; union confirmed Monday. The Romanian could face a ban of up two years from domestic and international soccer.
Australia is considering a security pact with Indonesia if incoming president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono agrees, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Monday.
For a guy who spent most of his first four professional seasons on the disabled list, Houston Astros reliever Brad Lidge has developed into quite the ironman these past two days.
Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp.  on Monday\said it appointed Aylwin Lewis president and chief executive\officer, effective immediately.
Even as Merck was deciding to withdraw the drug, there were medical experts arguing that it should not.
AP - President Bush signed a bill Monday giving the Department of Homeland Security about  #36;33 billion for the budget year that began Oct. 1.
Harmony Gold Mining Co., the biggest miner of South African gold, made a hostile offer to buy Gold Fields Ltd. for 52.9 billion rand (\$8.
DETROIT - The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
Thomson Financial, a unit of financial information provider Thomson Corp., said it received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission for documents related to its capital markets business.
The number of Japanese homeless is on the rise, and cultural attitudes about age are exacerbating the situation.
The Mail on Sunday reported that the Chelsea striker had tested positive for a banned substance after a test conducted by UK Sport.
World rally champion Sebastien Loeb says he is relieved to have secured the title in Corsica on Sunday, sparing him a nervous wait for his first crown.
The German football association (DFB) suspended Germany international Oliver Neuville for two matches on Monday for deliberately handling the ball into the net during the weekend #39;s Bundesliga action.
Australia rejected a request to provide soldiers to protect United Nations workers in Iraq, a spokesman for Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Iraq is considering an overall weapons amnesty as a deadline for Baghdad fighters to cash in arms is extended.
Five people die after an explosion hits a car used by election staff in south-eastern Afghanistan, the UN says.
Sudan's government tells the BBC it is handling the crisis in Darfur better than the US is dealing with Iraq.
The \$55.33 per barrel comes amid ongoing uncertainty over production, high demand and tight global supplies just ahead of winter.
Offense, defense and special teams all score as the Super Bowl-champion Patriots move to 11-1 and crush the crumbling Browns, 42-15, on Sunday.
The unsolicited \$8.2 billion bid to take over bigger domestic rival Gold Fields would create the world's biggest gold producer.
The Education Department's Office of Migrant Education awarded a contract to PEC Solutions Inc. of Fairfax to help create a system for states to share information about children of migrant workers.
Reston-based Upper Quadrant offers a subscription-based, Web-hosted application that enables companies to compile and share marketing information in a central database.
Marketer says left-leaning groups are miles ahead in using the Internet for political advocacy.
Microsoft Corp. is building on its 2002 buy of Danish business application developer Navision A/S with the release Monday of its first major product built on the Navision software suite.
PALM BEACH, Fla. - Florida voters get to cast their ballots for president beginning Monday, and Democrat John Kerry planned to spend all day asking for their votes...
Sen. John McCain reiterates the committment of Congress to force Major League Baseball to address their steroid abuse policies.
An invasive  ladybird which kills off other insects is widespread in the UK,  an expert says.
Fleeing Iraqis arrive in Jordan only to find that their old oppressors are thriving in Amman
DHAKA: Nearly two million Muslims from around the world ended their three-day annual prayer for global peace and harmony outside the Bangladesh capital Dhaka on Sunday.
Hewlett-Packard was the first company to offer a grid storage device, but others are moving to catch up.
PC World reviewer says latest incarnation of the WebTV device is acceptable as a dial-up Internet device for some, but its broadband networking features will leave savvy users unimpressed.
JBoss Inc. has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software.
Cisco Systems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. on Monday will announce a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.
Macromedia on Monday will introduce an upgrade to its Flex presentation server and framework for building rich Internet applications, with improvements in data display, visualization, styling, and performance.
Google Inc.'s two founders said on Monday that their company is working on a personal search service, but they remained coy on plans for an instant messaging client or Web browser.
Micron Technology Inc. is currently in the process of planning its first factory in China and hopes to begin construction in the middle of next year, the company said Monday.
By ELLIOT SPAGAT    COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) -- Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc...
Peyton Manning will look to draw closer to NFL history on Sunday, when the quarterback leads his Indianapolis Colts into battle to face the visiting Tennessee Titans.
AP - Scientists say a nonnative insect is to blame for a disease that's killing beech trees in the higher elevations of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
AP - A militant group in Iraq has executed two Macedonian men accused of spying for the United States, an Arab television station reported Monday.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada may provide some of its surplus flu vaccine to United  States.
AP - The Supreme Court refused Monday to consider whether former Arkansas Gov. Jim Guy Tucker was wrongly barred from raising new arguments in challenging his 1998 conviction for tax conspiracy.
The militant 'Islamic Army in Iraq' says it has killed two Macedonian hostages it calls 'US spies'.
The two top US toymakers posted disappointing third-quarter results on Monday, citing uncertainty in the economy and cautious retailers, and tempered expectations for the crucial holiday season.
The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
The board of The Gribbles Group is expected to decide within days whether to recommend that shareholders accept a takeover offer that values the diagnostics company at up to \$270 million 
Australian captain Adam Gilchrist said he was disappointed rain forced the second test against India to be abandoned as a draw on the final day.
Indeed, the New England Patriots are never boring. Despite jumping out to a 17-0 first half lead over the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday, they still had to pull out their usual resolve 
Nairobi - The Sudanese government has said the best way to end the conflict in its western Darfur region may be to let the people there manage their own affairs.
The United States has made a controversial request to Britain to re-deploy some of its troops in Iraq. The request would involve moving hundreds of British troops from their relatively calm zone in southern 
She rode into office three years ago on a wave of public adoration and high expectations, but as the sun sets on her troubled administration, Indonesian President Megawati 
AFP - Former US president Jimmy Carter expressed fears that there could be vote cheating in battleground states in the US election on November 2.
The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc., as its new chief executive and president.
Lewis will also join the Kmart Board of Directors. He joins Kmart from YUM! Brands, Inc., where he was president, chief multi-branding and operating officer.
There are no easy wins in the NFL, as every week is a new challenge. However, there are some games that are more winnable than others.
Iraqis arrive at a destroyed car after a roadside bomb exploded on the highway leading to the airport of Baghdad, Iraq, Monday, Oct 18, 2004.
MILITARY helicopters doused one of Venezuela #39;s tallest buildings with water yesterday, bringing under control a blaze that many feared would cause the tower to collapse.
In worm's latest version, authors ridicule rival worm Netsky and promise to attack Symantec, McAfee and others.
TORONTO - Iamgold Corp. shares dipped more than 13 per cent in early trading on Monday after Harmony Gold Mining Co. launched a takeover bid for Gold Fields Inc.
Check Point Software Technologies Inc. (CHKP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a rise in third-quarter net profit that beat Wall Street estimates on strong 
IBM has introduced three new POWER5 processor-based servers that the company says outpace Sun and HP in performance records and establish a new standard for server virtualization capabilities.
Third 3G/UMTS order in Asia: Siemens awarded mobile network extension for Maxis in Malaysia Malaysias leading mobile operator, Maxis Communications Bhd.
France #39;s Sebastien Loeb stands on his Citroen and raises an arm in triumph after clinching the world rally championship title.
Patrick Vieira will miss Arsenals Champions league match against Panathinaikos on Wednesday and is a major doubt for the clash with Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
AP - Microsoft Corp. is considering creating Russian versions of its Hotmail e-mail program and Microsoft Network online service, company CEO Steve Ballmer said in an interview published Monday.
South Africa has rejected accusations that it let ex-leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide incite violence in Haiti from his place of exile in South Africa.
Pfizer said today that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to further assess the cardiovascular safety of the drug.
Adrian Mutu will meet his Chelsea bosses on Monday after allegations that he failed a drug test.
Technology used to check for diluted beer in kegs could soon be used to monitor water quality.
Wynton Marsalis, the trumpet-playing star and artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center, has become an entity above and around the daily jazz world.
When Ayatullah Sistani speaks, millions obey. Can the conscience of\the nation make it safe for democracy?
U.S. and Iraqi forces launch high-risk probes of the insurgency in Fallujah and Ramadi. A TIME exclusive
Detainees who've been released, only to join up again with anti-U.S. forces
Business India: South African gold producer Harmony has bid to take over larger rival Gold Fields, a merger that would create the world #39;s biggest gold producer.
(Stamford-AP, Oct. 18, 2004 10:40 AM) _ Stamford-based Thomson Financial says on of its units is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
MICRON Technology, the worlds number two maker of computer memory chips, is planning to build its first plant in China by 2005.
Robert Pires scored twice as Arsenal beat Aston Villa 3-1 in English soccer #39;s Premiership to extend its advantage in the standings to five points.
America has requested the assistance of UK troops in Iraq, which would involve British soldiers operating outside the UK-controlled southern sector of Iraq, the defence secretary confirmed today.
PRIME Minister John Howard flies to Indonesia today for the inauguration of Indonesia #39;s newly-elected President, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Sir Alex Ferguson is confident he can keep Wayne Rooneys feet firmly on the ground despite his sensational Champions League debut.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned terrorist attacks in Iraq and around the world will increase if George W Bush is not re-elected in next month #39;s presidential poll.
Sony Corp has unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player in an attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computers iPod.
The company is wrestling with its third scandal in just over a year, raising questions about whether board members were doing an adequate job.
US Airways Group Inc. said Monday that it will restructure its flight schedule beginning Feb. 6, 2005, adding 230 more daily flights without acquiring additional aircraft.
Thomson Financial, a unit of financial information provider Thomson Corp., said it received a subpoena from the US Securities and Exchange Commission for documents related to its capital markets intelligence business.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Americans don #39;t believe the government is doing enough with technology to improve homeland security, according to a national survey conducted jointly by CNET News.
Australia #39;s cricketers, seeking a first Test series win in India for 35 years, will take four days off to ease fatigue before the third match next Tuesday.
France and Spain moved Monday to sink a controversial Italian-German plan to create holding centers in North Africa for would-be refugees.
AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer confirmed Monday that he had increased his stake in Manchester United to more than 25 percent.
The head of the US Episcopal Church expresses 'regret' over the appointment of a gay Anglican bishop.
An independent takeovers panel has headed off Woolworths #39; attempts to force a resolution in the takeover battle for liquor retailer Australian Leisure and Hospitality (ALH).
JBoss (Profile, Products, Articles) Inc. has added business process management (BPM) to its growing roster of open source software.
SBC Communications Inc., the second-largest local phone company in the United States, said Monday it will offer wireless Internet service for \$1.
The retailing company Kmart Holding Corp. has appointed Aylwin Lewis, formerly an executive at the restaurant operator Yum Brands Inc.
US Airways said Monday it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a minihub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
FOXBORO, United States : The New England Patriotshave have extended their National Football League winning streak to 20 games with a 30-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks.
International Data Corp. said growth in demand for Linux servers in Europe is expected to almost double by 2008. Microsoft is fighting back by cutting prices and through publicity campaigns that claim that 
Attempts by Balarus #39; president to change the constitution to allow him to run for a third term have been dubbed flawed by a poll observer group.
Belgium's foreign minister criticises politicians in the DR Congo over the country's slow transition to democracy.
US Airways said Monday it will change its flight schedules in February to increase departures at its Charlotte and Philadelphia hubs and create a minihub in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Harmony Gold Mining's hostile bid today to acquire buy Gold sparked what is certain to be a bitter takeover battle.
Booking trips on the Web will only get easier, thanks to the ambitions of two business titans
New York's attorney general is attacking the insurance business -- and a high-profile CEO
The biggest challenge for the open source community is that there are too few open source developers, according to Michael Tiemann, vice president of Open Source Affairs at Red Hat Inc.
NEW YORK : US technology group 3M, which makes everything from sticky Post-it notes to medical products, announced a surge in profits but failed to impress the markets.
Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. rose on news that Ford Motor Co. will be installing the service at its factories for the first time.
IBM has filled out the top end of its eServer range with three multiple-processor systems aimed at datacentres and large enterprise clients.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is leading the nation to a split that could end up as a civil war, and refuses to even consider taking steps that would maintain 
A statement attributed to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militant group declared allegiance to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden on Sunday.
In conclusion of its works, the African summit held in Tripoli, Libya, stressed rejection to any foreign intervention concerning the issue of Darfur in being a mere African issue.
NEW YORK - Ford Motor Co. plans to expand the availability of satellite radio from Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. to more of its vehicles, the companies said Monday.
PC World - Upcoming browser will feature tools for finding files on your PC.
AFP - Croatia will call a new international tender for a third mobile telecommunications license after authorities refused an offer from a Croatian-Swedish consortium.
PC World - New Navision 4.0 application includes financial, e-commerce, and CRM tools.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin says the Defence Department will get more money even as its expenditures are examined.
Israel's demolition of Palestinian homes is illegal and militarily unjustified, claims a report by Human Right Watch.
Java software provider releases a product designed to simplify the task of sending back-office information to mobile devices.
The product represents the next stage in the company's strategy to build a full open-source middleware stack.\
The share price of Harmony Gold came under pressure today, dipping some 8 after announcing a hostile bid for Gold Fields to create the world #39;s biggest gold producer.
Crude oil prices briefly rose above 55 dollars a barrel today, as traders continue to worry about supply ahead of winter. Crude for November delivery hit 55 dollars, 33 cents 
Pharmaceutical maker Forest Laboratories Inc. on Monday said second-quarter earnings rose 60 percent as sales grew for its principal brands, and the company raised its fiscal 2005 earnings guidance.
Kelly, 45, was senior vice president of Sprint Consumer Solutions, with overall responsibility for marketing, product development, advertising, strategic planning and business development.
AP - Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings, but surprisingly Miami is ahead of Oklahoma in a close race for the second spot.
The Federal Communications Commission has made changes to its regulations that will allow power companies to provide broadband services over electric lines.
 quot;For years, scientists have been trying, without success, to find a link between higher incidences of cancer and the electromagnetic fields produced high voltage power lines.
Southern California and Miami are 1-2 in the initial BCS Standings with Oklahoma -- despite being ranked second in both the ESPN/USA Today and AP polls -- third.
British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoonconfirmed on Monday that the British government was considering the US request to deploy troops outside the British-controlled southern sector 
Company files patent infringement lawsuit and asks trade commission to halt shipment of rival's flash memory into United States.
New Navision 4.0 application includes financial, e-commerce, and CRM tools.
Overseas firms may be allowed to bid for the key asset of under fire Russian oil firm Yukos, the Kremlin says.
The company's Desktop Search utility is an impressive way to find information on your computer.
Iraq's interim government will declare\a nationwide arms amnesty next week, but insists the city of Fallujah must turn in foreign militants or face assault,
The United States on Monday lodged a formal appeal against a ruling that ordered it to withdraw some of its subsidies for producers of cotton and other commodities, trade officials said.
The British government has unveiled a new website to help punters "wise up to scams".\
General Motors Corp. workers in Bochum, Germany, halted production for a fifth day to protest the company #39;s plans to slash a fifth of the workforce in Europe.
Microsoft launched a new software product aimed at small and midsize businesses on Monday to strengthen its position in a fragmented market it sees as ripe for growth.
ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- A pair of emotionally charged teams meet Monday night when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers visit the St. Louis Rams.
IT IS said that there are three kinds of organisation: those that make things happen; those that watch things happen; and those that wonder what happened.
Singer Robbie Williams' greatest hits album is to be sold on a memory card for mobile phones.
Fisheries scientists urge zero catches for cod in 2005 in the North Sea, the Irish Sea and west of Scotland.
Washington - About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction, according to researchers who carried out a global census.
A militant group in Iraq claimedthat it had executed two Macedonians accused of spying for USforces, pan-Arab al-Jazeera TV reported Monday.
US scientists have found a way to indentify exactly which desktop printer produced which document.
With memories of 2000 and its bitter fight over ballots still fresh, citizens began casting votes in the pivotal swing state.
Prime Minister Ayad Allawi of Iraq said today that a weapons-for-cash program in Baghdad would be expanded nationwide.
Rosa Parks, who helped set off the American civil rights movement, is at the center of a legal controversy that her relatives say could forever taint her legacy.
Few people took notice when Sony opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.
The vendors will collaborate on their approaches to PC quarantines, but Microsoft #39;s Network Access Protection gets delayed by more than a year.
Oil prices fell sharply on Monday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking sparked by a steep decline in gasoline futures.
Chief Executive John Chambers and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates may have different leadership styles. And their firms certainly specialize in disparate aspects of the computer-Internet spectrum.
South Africa has rejected charges that it is allowing ousted Haitian leader Jean-Bertrand Aristide to organize violence in the Caribbean country while he stays in South Africa.
A militant group in Iraq said it had killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday.
The European Union #39;s incoming Security and Justice Commissioner has criticized child-rearing by a single parent, the Times of London said Monday.
German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer assured his Turkish counterpart Abdullah Gul here on Monday that Germany would give full support to Turkey #39;s bid to enter European Union membership talks.
com October 18, 2004, 9:58 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Bowl Championship  Series released its first standings on Monday and as expected,  Southern California grabbed the top spot.
The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 has gone missing in the Alps.
In the two weeks since a student reported she had been raped by two football players, Montclair has been struggling to sift through the fallout and move on.
A court ruling in favor of the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has forced ISPs in the UK to hand over details of their customers when requested.
Reuters - A Russian spacecraft delivered\three astronauts to the International Space Station on\Saturday, smoothly overcoming docking system problems which had\delayed its launch.
AP - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize.
Despite its focus on tech-related content, CNET continues to grow -- but not enough for investors.
Kraft is reportedly planning to sell two well-known brands. What will it do with the proceeds?
LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...
CA's latest acquisition target rolls out a new version of its identity and access management software.
The dusty shelves of your local library are going high-tech with tagging chips. Civil liberties groups warn of a privacy nightmare.
Security collaboration with Cisco will bump key network protection feature until 2007.\
PDF developer Adobe is among the new allies of the group, which promotes identity standards for Web services.
The carrier will give its broadband subscribers access to 3,900 hot spots for \$1.99 a month.
Shares rise sharply after the software maker reports higher 3Q profit on strong products demand. TEL AVIV, Israel (Reuters) - Check Point Software Technologies Inc.
The goal is a  quot;single, coordinated solution quot; that enables network administrators to control both Windows installations and Cisco network architecture, the two tech giants said.
MADRAS, India - India and Australia both rued a missed opportunity of victory after bad weather ruined an absorbing climax to the second cricket Test on Monday.
So the phoney war has started, the Messiah dumps United in the press, United draw with the Mighty Birmingham, and the gooners cruise to 49 against the Villa.
Great white sharks are among many endangered species to gain better international protection at a meeting of 166 countries in Thailand. Restrictions on black rhinos were eased.
After a huge earthquake struck San Francisco in 1989, many Californians thought they'd survived the "Big One." But experts say smaller quakes hold greater cause for worry.
A report criticising US Anglicans for ordaining a gay bishop is welcomed by those who opposed his appointment.
A key part of the New York's attorney general's suit against Marsh   McLennan is an e-mail exchange.
Gold Fields Ltd. rejected an \$8.1 billion takeover bid by smaller rival Harmony Gold Mining Company Ltd. as inadequate on Monday, despite the support of its largest stakeholder.
Kinder Morgan Energy Partners LP in Houston has signed a definitive agreement to buy nine refined petroleum products terminals in the Southeast, including one in Greensboro, from Charter Terminal Co.
Cinergy has a venture with Current Communications to market BPL systems to municipally-owned and rural cooperative utilities. Their plan so far has not been slowed by regulatory uncertainty 
The families of Black Watch soldiers based in Iraq said it would be a step too far to send British troops to support US efforts around Baghdad.
Attention, notebook shoppers: Intel drops the cost of Pentium Ms and Centrino--a sign that cheaper laptops are on the way.
U2 lead singer Bono, who appeared in a previous Apple TV ad, will join CEO Steve Jobs onstage Oct. 26.
Despite the printer company's third-quarter strength, the future is uncertain.
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
The trial of a lawsuit by Walt Disney Co. shareholders who accuse the board of directors of rubberstamping a deal to hire Michael Ovitz 
Apple Computer has scheduled a special event for next week, fueling speculation that the company could be ready to introduce an updated model of its iPod digital music player.
AP - International Business Machines Corp. could inject some optimism into the market Monday if its third-quarter earnings report indicates information technology spending is on the rebound.
Reuters - U.S. economic growth, while\improving, has not hit the pace it was expected to do by now,\Federal Reserve Governor Mark Olson said on Monday.
Talks on buying the portion of the Australia-based subsidiary that it did not already own fell apart over price, says France-based AXA SA.
Intel cut the prices of its premier mobile chips by up to a third on Sunday, as it prepares for the holiday season. The Santa Clara, Calif.
Research In Motion (RIM) is demonstrating a new BlackBerry Wireless Handheld that operates on 802.11b networks and incorporates both voice and data capabilities.
The New England Patriots extended their remarkable winning streak to 20 games on Sunday and tied another NFL record in the process in their 30-20 win over the Seattle Seahawks at Gillette Stadium.
CHENNAI, October 19 (Online): The second test match between host India and World champions Australia ended in a draw after pouring rain on the last day.
NEW YORK, October 18 (newratings.com) - Crude oil prices increased to new record high levels for the third consecutive day, reaching \$55.
As talks collapsed and US forces launched intensive airstrikes, residents packed their bags.
Today's Terrorism and Security Daily Update: New documentary series says danger from Al Qaeda is 'dramatically overstated.'
Your support enables us to bring you insightful, global news coverage. Please donate today to support independent journalism.
CHICAGO The nation #39;s largest food manufacturer, Northfield-based Kraft Foods Incorporated, posted a four percent decline in third-quarter profits today.
John Q. Hammons Hotels Inc. may be sold to Barcelo Crestline Corporation, making the now public hotel company a private corporation instead.
Kmart Holding Corp. named Yum! Brands Inc. executive Aylwin Lewis as president and chief executive officer, replacing Julian Day, to reverse declining sales growth.
Video game publisher Activision Inc. and Nielsen Entertainment, on Monday said they were collaborating to produce a measurement system for corporate advertisers to compare the reach 
A stock analyst faces federal charges for trying to extort thousands of dollars from the parent company of St. Louis-based Hardee #39;s.
Combined with recent Netscape app purchases, the move gets Linux provider closer to integrating desktops with network services. By Larry Greenemeier.
New observations of dust around young stars suggests collisions of large asteroid-like objects and fledgling planets are frequent.
TORONTO - The hearing into insider trading allegations leveled against the chairman of ATI Technologies has been pushed back until March 29.
CD-burning stations located inside Starbucks Corp. stores finally made their debut in Seattle Monday after six months of design and other delays.
The creation of the first international law firm with more than 1,000 lawyers on both sides of the Atlantic will be announced on Monday, in a move expected to trigger more 
Oil prices declined Monday in what traders describe as profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel. November crude futures fell \$1.
Oakland Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon made a fourth visit to a specialist this weekend for a neck injury that has kept him out of the lineup since Sept.
Indian police have killed the country #39;s most wanted bandit Koose Muniswamy Veerappan in a shootout in southern India, officials said on Tuesday.
Tech giants Microsoft and Cisco have agreed to develop and promote interoperability between their respective network access technologies.
The Internet leak of Halo 2, the latest installment of Microsoft #39;s best-selling Xbox video game, is not expected to affect its release, planned for November 9th.
Russia is sending a special envoy to the Middle East to defuse tensions and revive the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, its foreign ministry said Friday.
 ALAMEDA, Calif. (Sports Network) - Oakland Raiders  quarterback Rich Gannon will miss the remainder of the season,  but stopped short of announcing his retirement on Monday.
Southern California took the top spot Monday in the season's first Bowl Championship Series standings.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost his appeal of a 25-point penalty and \$10,000 fine for using a vulgarity during a postrace TV interview.
IBM is making a big deal out of its announcement of three Power5 processor-based servers. The machines are faster than those built by competitors Hewlett-Packard and Sun.
Britain honored their Olympic and Paralympic medalists with a ticker-tape parade through the center of London on Monday. During the two-mile procession, 47 Olympic medalists 
Das ist alles: Germany #39;s BMW on Monday said Karl-Heinz Kalbfell has resigned as chief executive of its ultra-posh Rolls-Royce brand.
Reuters - E*Trade Financial Corp. , an\online bank and brokerage, on Monday said its third-quarter\profit rose as lower expenses offset a drop in net revenue.
InfoWorld - Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
AP - The space station's newest astronaut will cast his ballot in the presidential election from 225 miles up, with NASA's help.
The locust crisis that has devastated crops across West Africa may be even worse next year, experts warn.
AP - Target Corp. now expects average October sales close to the top of its previous estimate of a 4 percent to 6 percent increase from last year, the discount retailer said Monday.
Something strange happened on the sun last week: all the sunspots vanished. This is a sign, say forecasters, that solar minimum is coming sooner than expected.
Countries like Brazil are shunning Microsoft's proprietary software in favor of open source Linux.
US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer pays 17m to increase his stake in Manchester Utd for the second time in four days.
AP - President Bush should consult with Democrats on Supreme Court nominees to ensure a smooth path to Senate confirmation, incoming Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said Sunday.
Indian police say they have shot dead one of the country's most wanted men, the bandit Veerappan.
Tony Blair talks to business leaders about new proposals for a major shake-up of the English exam system.
Scattered problems were reported in the balloting in Florida as early voting began in 10 other states.
Java engineer Karen Tegan-Padir resigns to head up Red Hat's bid to get the open-source operating system on desktop systems.
Researcher says U.S. shoppers will fork out \$13.2 billion online this season, but year-over-year increases are slipping.
Third-quarter cuts in the tech sector shot up 60 percent from the previous quarter, an employment services company reports.
Makers of PCs will ship 191.4 million units in 2004, a 13.4 percent increase from a year ago, according to research company iSuppli.
Signs deal to resell cluster-related switches that employ the high-speed networking technology.
Announcements by Vonage, Net2Phone, Boingo underscore collision course of Internet telephony and wireless broadband.
Software sends SAT prep questions to your child's handset--and lets you check to see whether they're getting the answers right.
The Consumer Electronics Association predicts solid growth in gadget sales this year.
A flat screen TV started broadcasting a distress signal, drawing the attention of emergency and law enforcement officials.
Java junkies must often journey more than two blocks to find a Starbucks, which the company sees as a problem, its chief executive said on Thursday.
The tool from Blue Coat Systems detects spyware at the Internet gateway as well as the desktop and is designed to keep it from affecting network performance and security.
He discusses the dearth of developers, scaling problems and his public blog war with Sun's Jonathan Schwartz.
Version 6 of BladeLogic Operations Manager allows data center managers to make provisioning, change and compliance actions based on the services a company needs.
The Liberty Alliance Project, a global consortium aimed at developing and promoting standards for managing user identities on networks, now has its first executive director: Silicon Valley IT consultant Donal O'Shea.
With concerns about spyware rapidly mounting, Blue Coat Systems is introducing a proxy appliance to combat the problem.
Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
Those users and developers anxious to get their hands on SQL Server 2005 will have to be anxious a little longer.
Emerging technology uses a printer's fingerprint to trace and verify documents.
AP - A look at efforts by the Democrats and the Republicans to register new voters in battleground states:
 MADRID (Reuters) - Police arrested seven suspected Islamic  militants in raids across Spain on Monday to foil a planned  bomb attack on the High Court, judicial sources said.
The Darfur conflict in Sudan has unleashed a crisis on the scale of the African famines of the 1980s, the International Red Cross says.
In the age of prevalent terrorism, identity needs stronger protection, says counterterrorism expert.
The new BlackBerry device can support VoIP over an 802.11b-based wireless network.
LeapFrog Enterprises Inc., a developer of technology-based educational products, on Monday lowered third-quarter and full-year profit expectations, citing difficult market conditions.
Description: A shareholders #39; lawsuit against Walt Disney Co. board members begins Wednesday. The suit concerns the expensive hiring and firing of former Disney President Michael Ovitz.
AP - For the first time since Bill Parcells lost his Dallas debut in 2003, the Cowboys have a losing record.
FAR less predictable than the perennial sniping at Arsenal was yesterdays admission by Sir Alex Ferguson that he had been making errors in selection.
The operation was carried out by a team of Special Task Force of Tamil Nadu police at Papparapatti village in Dharmapuri district of the state.
An Islamic Web site posting in which Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s militants declare loyalty to Osama bin Laden has been deemed credible by US officials.
The following story contains the latest information known as of 23:30 CET on Monday, and will be updated as new information comes in.
US President George W. Bush signed legislation expanding the rights of North Korean citizens to seek refugee status in the US and authorizing \$24 million a year in humanitarian relief through 2008.
If Pedro Martinez can help the Red Sox to a victory in Game 5, then this series will suddenly be exactly where everyone always thought it would be at this juncture.
The Associated Press By Anick Jesdanun
A graduate of the University of Houston #39;s master of business administration program has taken over the reins of Kmart Corp. as president and CEO.
FLORENCE: Interior ministers from France and Spain on Monday shot down a German proposal to set up transit camps in North Africa to process asylum seekers before they reach Europe.
Announced job cuts in the technology sector soared 60 in the third quarter to 54,701, the highest figure since the fourth quarter of 2003 (82,328).
A Test match that had looked to be building up into a great climax was ruined yesterday by a six-hour downpour that forced the final day to be abandoned without a ball bowled.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Spanish favorites Albert Costa and Alex Corretja highlighted Monday #39;s opening round winners at the Masters Series Madrid.
AP - Top lawmakers from Poland and Germany failed Monday to bridge differences over World War II reparations claims that are weighing on relations between the two former enemies and new European Union partners.
Woolworths Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest grocer, increased its stake in takeover target Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group to 16.
The spectre of a Manchester United takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer edged closer last night when sources close to the multi-millionaire said that he could trigger a 
INTERNATIONAL Cricket Council president Ehsan Mani and chief executive Malcolm Speed on Sunday said that Zimbabwe*s Test status was never under threat even though the Zimbabwe Cricket Union 
Tottenham Hotspur wasted chances and the opportunity to move into fourth place after displaying typical weaknesses at Fratton Park last night.
Once healthy, running back Travis Henry will regain his job as the Buffalo Bills starter despite Willis McGahee #39;s strong debut on Sunday.
THEY are the men who keep counter-terrorism experts awake at night, only too aware that a strike is being plotted even as you read this report.
Boingo Wireless and Vonage Holdings Corp., announced a relationship to bring VoIP services to the market bundled with wireless offers.
Actional and Westbridge have merged, bringing Westbridge #39;s security infrastructure expertise to Actional #39;s existing Web services management platform.
Micron ranks fourth in the Chinese chip market, trailing Hynix, Samsung and Infinitron, according to a report from the consulting firm CCID.
David Ortiz #39;s drive into the right-field bullpen set off a frenzy at Fenway and gave the Boston Red Sox a shot at pulling off the greatest comeback ever.
The Bowl Championship Series released its initial ranking yesterday, based on a formula revised in the off-season to help ensure that the consensus No.
ADAM Gilchrist flew to Singapore last night for a mid-tour holiday urging people to stop fretting about the pressures that have swamped him on the Indian tour.
Reuters - An American citizen specializing\in the Internet was arrested by the Belarus KGB for allegedly\mishandling funds, Belarus authorities reported on Monday.
The chief negotiator for the city of Falluja said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control 
AP - Police arrested seven people Monday in nationwide raids targeting a suspected Islamic terror ring that was reportedly preparing for an attack.
Intel Corp. INTC.O cut prices on its chips for mobile computers by as much as 34 percent this week, a move that could lower PC prices from the likes of Dell Inc.
It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered evidence that 
MOBILE phone operator Maxis Communications Bhd expects to roll out its third generation (3G) technology in the local market from the first quarter of next year.
LAHORE: The International Cricket Council yesterday said that a review of the structure of the sport was never aimed at taking away the Test status of Zimbabwe and Bangladesh.
The chief executive of Gold Fields, the South African gold producer, yesterday said he would urge the board to turn down an \$8.1billion (4.
Australian oil-related stocks fell, led by Woodside Petroleum Ltd., after crude futures had the biggest decline in more than a month.
By James Daley in London and Katherine Griffiths in New York. The UK regulator for the insurance industry has said it attempted to launch investigations into several of its member firms earlier this year, after 
Check Point CEO Gil Shwed, dressed in his usual black shirt and smiling as his custom, had every reason to be cheerful at yesterday #39;s press conference.
THE dollar was weaker yesterday, although off its lows, after the release of capital flows data that suggest foreign demand for US assets could be waning.
Media executives in Hollywood and on Wall Street are nervously watching a court case involving Walt Disney that will test whether directors can be held responsible 
A doctor helping organise Afghan elections died on Monday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said.
The head of news at a state-run French radio station resigns after an outcry over his criticism of Israel.
Police hold seven suspected Islamic militants after raids across Spain, judicial sources say.
Four executives at German memory vendor Infineon Technologies AG and its US subsidiary have pled guilty to charges of illegally setting prices for PC memory chips, the US Department of Justice announced Thursday.
Though it is early, the B.C.S. revisions have not quite worked out as planned. Southern California and Miami were ranked as the top two teams.
Even before the hype could begin for Sunday's game between the Jets and the New England Patriots, Coach Herman Edwards was insisting upon a measure of caution.
The Knicks are keeping their eyes fixed on Vin Baker and Nazr Mohammed, fervently hoping they can provide 48 quality minutes and a few blocked shots between them.
The job of linking products from Sun Microsystems and Microsoft is "more complicated" than envisioned, Sun's CEO says.
The computer maker is pulling further ahead of second-place rival Hewlett-Packard, according to new third-quarter shipment figures.
The tech bellwether racks up a healthy rise in net income for the third quarter, despite taking a hit from a legal settlement.
EarthLink plans to begin testing power line broadband connections in Manhattan in November.
The company announces a new version of its wireless messaging and data access software.
MCIon Monday announced an approximately \$3.5 billion charge against its third-quarter financial results to reflect a decrease in the value of the company's assets.
AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Monday:
TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario Securities Commission #39;s days may be numbered as both police officer and judge in cases of financial-market wrongdoing.
An Australian journalist was interrogated for more than 20 hours after being seized outside a Baghdad hotel, his employer said yesterday.
Alain Menargues, deputy director-general in charge of news at the French state-owned Radio France International (RFI), has resigned.
Credit Suisse will on Monday announce a wide restructuring that will integrate its volatile Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking operation much more closely into the parent 
The City Council passed a modified version of a controversial plan to use public funds to create a black business district in the city.
It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets. A NASA telescope recently discovered 
New infrared observations of the disks of dust and rock around young stars reveal that many planets apparently form in an environment more violent and chaotic over a longer period of 
US stocks closed higher on Monday after a drop in oil prices eased worries about high energy costs, although disappointing earnings from diversified manufacturer 3M Co.
A union said that General Motors Corp. plans to cut about 430 jobs at its British Vauxhall operation as part of sweeping cutbacks around Europe.
Editors Note: Following his record-setting six victory in the World Match Play championship, Ernie Els sat down with the media and discussed his accomplishment.
The International Cricket Council has found no signs of racism in Zimbabwe following a probe into the southern African country. An ICC hearing was held after 15 white players were sacked by the Zimbabwe Cricket Union.
The disgruntled receiver asked for a trade last week, and Holmgren confirmed Monday the Seahawks were looking into ways to acquire him from the Oakland Raiders.
Israeli troops have destroyed hundreds of houses and left thousands of Palestinians homeless in the southern Gaza Strip in operations that far exceeded military security 
TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said yesterday it is prepared to suspend some nuclear activities but would not surrender its right to enrich uranium.
PRIME Minister John Howard today reassured Indonesia that Australia was unlikely to launch a pre-emptive attack on its nearest neighbour to take out a terrorism target.
Representatives of a remote community in southern Nigeria's Delta region take over three oil installations.
InfoWorld - Software publishers and users are at odds about software licensing, according a study released Monday.
AP - It may take much longer than scientists have thought for violent turbulence to turn grains of space dust into new planets.
AP - A scientist says the United States could more than double its hydropower supply by harnessing the energy of smaller streams.
Britain #39;s motor industry suffered a day of mixed fortunes yesterday with news of fresh job losses balanced by a 115m investment on Merseyside.
BRITAIN #39;S main financial regulator yesterday confirmed it is monitoring developments in a high-level probe into corruption in the US insurance industry.
Home buyers and owners were warned yesterday by two separate surveys of the property market that house prices were continuing to fall.
Kraft Foods last night posted a 3.8 drop in quarterly profit, weighed down by higher marketing spend and increased costs for cheese, coffee and other materials.
Cisco Systems and Microsoft have announced a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.
Houston Astros center fielder Carlos Beltran and St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols meet near the batting cage before every game of the National League Championship 
British soldiers are waiting today to learn if they will be ordered to relieve US troops in Iraq. US military commanders have asked their British allies for help outside their normal areas of operation.
A United Nations official has accused Israel of  quot;gross violations quot; of international law in a recent offensive in which more than 100 Palestinians died in the northern Gaza Strip.
The Redskins are still waiting for quarterback Mark Brunell to get into gear. Brunell on Sunday produced one of the least productive games of his 12-year NFL career.
Forward Michael Ruffin is impressing Wizards coaches with his rebounding and rough play under the basket.
Upset by his team's embarrassing showing against Florida State, Virginia Coach Al Groh has told his starting defenders they will have to earn back their jobs in practice this week.
Xbox Live-enabled version of Tecmo #39;s premiere fighting game series bounces off to the factory, will store shelves later this month.
Wide receiver Patrick Johnson was smiling when he walked into the Baltimore Ravens #39; locker room after practice on Monday afternoon.
Calling the bloody humanitarian crisis in Darfur an  quot;absolute African issue, quot; Sudan #39;s president and four African counterparts rejected all foreign intervention Monday.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has congratulated the STF for their  #39;sterling achievement #39; in killing forest brigand Veerappan.
In the four days since New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer alleged that brokers and corporate insurance carriers were engaged in bid-rigging and secret payoffs 
The Ford Motor Company plans to announce on Monday that it will offer Sirius Satellite Radio in more of its cars and trucks and that it will begin installing the satellite 
US memory chip maker Micron Technology Inc. plans to build its first factory in China, to assemble and test semiconductors, the company said Monday.
If you #39;re in the market for a new notebook computer it #39;s your lucky day, Intel has announced a major price cut on its chips for mobile notebooks.
In a move likely to raise many eyebrows and many hopes around the Emerald City, the Seattle Seahawks have acquired Jerry Rice from the Oakland Raiders for a conditional seventh-round draft pick.
Israeli troops shot and killed four Arab terrorists in separate incidents in and around the northern Gaza Strip. Israel Radio reports Israeli troops shot and killed two terrorists who managed to slip across 
TOKYO - Another strong typhoon was approaching Japans southwestern-most prefecture of Okinawa Tuesday morning, causing the cancellation of 260 domestic flights, authorities said.
Dinka men once danced in a green field here in Darfur. A weave of drum rhythms would rise with the smoke of their twilight bonfires.
Look for the exhibition-season substitution habits of Milwaukee Bucks coach Terry Porter to change soon. Coach Terry Porter says he will start to change his substitution pattern.
Ford Motor Co. said Monday it will begin offering Sirius Satellite Radio as a dealer-installed option in four more vehicles by year #39;s end and is targeting up to 20 vehicle 
Sydney, Australia, October 19, 2004 VERITAS Software, the leading provider of enterprise storage software, has signed an Elite Partnership agreement with leading Australian owned IT Company, Volante.
AP - Three German border police officers were sentenced to nine months probation for the 1999 death of a Sudanese refugee.
UN nuclear inspectors abandon demands for unlimited access to Brazilian facilities, the country says.
The New York attorney general is pursuing reports of payoffs that may increase coverage costs for tens of millions.
WASHINGTON An internal audit found the Transportation Security Administration overpaid Boeing on a contract to install explosive detection equipment at commercial airports.
AP - On a night when pitching suddenly took over the NL playoffs, someone was bound to get a hit. Fortunately for the Houston Astros, Jeff Kent stepped up.
Both AMD and Intel are preparing to unveil new, ultra high-end processor refreshes later this month that will push the 3.5 GHz mark.
Defensive back Brandon Johnson, who had two interceptions for Tennessee at Mississippi, was suspended indefinitely Monday for violation of team rules.
Even before the hype could begin for Sunday's game against the New England Patriots, Jets Coach Herman Edwards was insisting upon a measure of caution.
Seattle Coach Mike Holmgren confirmed rumors on Monday, trading for the disgruntled Jerry Rice from the Oakland Raiders.
Australia was unlikely to extend its role in Iraq but would keep its troops in the war-torn nation until the job was done, Prime Minister John Howard said.
AFP - An Indian minister said a school text-book used in the violence-prone western state of Gujarat portrayed Adolf Hitler as a role model.
Sony revealed new details on Monday on the chip that will power the next PlayStation and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.
AP - John Kerry boasts of flying an Israeli jet and calls out in Hebrew during Florida campaign stops, trying to keep the state's large Jewish population from straying to President Bush.
Federal regulators have rejected the second of two suitors for Independence Federal Savings Bank, leaving the money-losing District institution pursuing a strategy to survive as an independent thrift.
Pfizer said that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to assess the cardiovascular benefits of the drug.
The results for the current quarter came in slightly below expectations and the company sounded a note of caution on the global economy.
Pfizer said today that it would sponsor a major clinical trial of Celebrex, its prescription arthritis pain medication, to assess the cardiovascular benefits of the drug.
Siding with chip makers, Microsoft said it won't charge double for its per-processor licenses when dual-core chips come to market next year.
A competing chip from rival Advanced Micro Devices will likely arrive several months earlier.
The computing giant is stepping up its wireless efforts through partnerships, looking to sell to municipalities, hospitals and colleges.
Opportunities for effective, inexpensive search marketing are abundant when you and 'think outside the (Big Search) box' and look to vertical or specialized content sites. 
Workers at Opel auto plants in Bochum walked out Thursday as soon as the parent company, General Motors, announced it was cutting 10,000 jobs in Germany.
I.BM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance yesterday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
John Q. Hammons is cooperating with a proposal by a Spanish company to take over the hotel magnates public business in a deal worth an estimated \$64 million.
Yum! Brands Inc. operations chief Aylwin Lewis has resigned from the Louisville restaurant company to become president and chief executive officer of discount retailer Kmart.
Karnataka Chief Minister N Dharam Singh on Tuesday expressed happiness over the gunning down of forest brigand Veerappan, saying his menace had ended.
PESHAWAR, Oct 18: Afghan President Hamid Karzai continued to maintain his lead over his rival candidates in the presidential elections.
A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.
Property prices in Scotland are still looking healthy, despite the steepest fall in nine years across the rest of the UK. The latest survey from the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors shows that while 
Jonathan Neal, 24, bought a \$400,000 condo in Northwest this past summer, while high housing prices have forced many of his friends to live with their parents.
PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner released Monday.
In-car navigation systems in rental cars have made navigating unfamiliar cities much easier for business travelers who drive rather than fly.
I.B.M. delivered a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
By The Associated Press. A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street some relief yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production soared in September.
Less than 18 months after emerging from bankruptcy protection, Kmart announced yesterday that it was replacing its president and chief executive with an outsider whose background is in the fast-food restaurant business.
Shares of Odyssey Healthcare, which provides hospice care for people nearing death, plunged yesterday after the company reduced its profit forecasts and announced that the Justice Department 
In what must now be considered an epidemic, yet another pitcher involved in this postseason has broken his non-throwing hand during a tantrum that followed a poor performance.
Jerry Rice, the most productive receiver in N.F.L. history, got his wish Monday night when the Oakland Raiders traded him to the Seattle Seahawks.
US Airways, operating in bankruptcy, will increase service from Charlotte, NC, and Philadelphia and spread flights during the day, boosting its schedule 7 percent without adding aircraft.
Sainsbury says it will take a 550 million pound hit to profits this year as it invests to boost sales and reverse falling market share.
The City Council backtracked Monday on its African Town economic empowerment zone, striking down a controversial proposal that loans be given only to black business applicants.
Microsoft and Cisco Systems today said they will share security and network health technologies in an effort to stop, isolate and eliminate viruses and other malicious software on Windows-based networks.
NETWORKING outfit Netgear said it is planning to release stuff using a wireless technology that #39;s an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access.
Brandon Backe #39;s arm and Jeff Kent #39;s bat have gotten the Houston Astros within a game of where the franchise has never been before - the World Series.
TALLAHASSEE  Linebacker Ernie Sims earned a high number of  quot;Tomahawk Points quot; for his play against Virginia on Saturday.
DAVIE  As the lone offensive player remaining from the 1999 Dolphins, fullback Rob Konrad already was part of a unit that allowed the most returns for touchdowns in the NFL.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is facing up to the realisation of what a positive drugs test could mean after he was relieved of his training obligations while the club investigate the case.
IRVING, Texas - Ben Roethlisberger completed 21 of 25 passes and two touchdowns, leading the Pittsburgh Steelers to a 24-20 comeback win over the Dallas Cowboys.
It is rare to see a British player #39;s name at the top of a draw sheet for any international tournament, let alone an ATP Masters Series event.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed yesterday not to yield to pressure by Jewish settlers to give up his plan to withdraw soldiers and settlers from the Gaza Strip and a portion of the West Bank.
This animation illustrates a massive collision between rocky, embryonic planets as big as mountain ranges. Such collisions form the basis of the planet-building process.
Research In Motion is launching a new wireless BlackBerry in conjunction with its BlackBerry Enterprise Server software in an appeal to enterprise customers and developers of mobile-workforce applications.
His new acquisition - taking his holding from 25.3 to 27.63 - has heightened speculation he will soon make a definite takeover bid.
Dubai, Oct. 19 (NNN): The Israeli military has claimed to have killed six Palestinian militants in separate incidents in and around Gaza.
US warplanes pound targets in the Iraqi city of Falluja in a continuing campaign against militants.
A French court is to rule on a couple accused of failing to stop a drunk friend driving home and killing a family in a crash.
Indonesian authorities find no traces of mercury pollution near US mining firm Newmont's Buyat Bay site.
Staff at  General Motors are to hold protests across Europe at the company's plans to cut 12,000 jobs.
Air fresheners and aerosols can damage of the health of babies and their mothers, warn researchers.
Brandon Backe and Woody Williams pitched well last night even though neither earned a win. But their outings will show up in the record books.
The American millionaire yesterday splashed another 17million to buy a further six million shares to add to the 45m purchase he made late on Friday.
It didn #39;t take long. First poll, first controversy. Or at least mini-controversy. If you had taken the wisdom of the two human polls, the first Bowl Championship 
AP - A.J. Feeley was the better quarterback early. Then Drew Bledsoe began to pick apart the Miami Dolphins' defense.
Tim Wakefield already had left Aaron Boone #39;s homer that won last year #39;s AL championship series far behind. Now he has a more pleasant playoff memory.
The United States will appeal a World Trade Organisation (WTO) ruling that US cotton subsidies violate international trading rules, charging that the verdict was based on erroneous findings.
The insurance industry offers lots of reasons why policies are so expensive: terrorism, hurricanes, the economy, rising medical costs, lawyers and frivolous lawsuits.
Suggesting a necessary change to astronomy textbooks, astronomers announced Monday that planets form through a lengthier and more violent series of collisions 
Miami - The Atlanta Hawks got their first look at Shaquille O #39;Neal in a Miami Heat uniform Monday night as he cut through them like a human blowtorch.
It may be the only thing Dick Cheney and John F. Kerry have in common: One elite Boston investment firm controls large slices of their family fortunes.
Fixtures and fittings from Damien Hirst's restaurant Pharmacy sell for 11.1, 8m more than expected.
TEHRAN -- Iran said yesterday it is prepared to temporarily suspend some nuclear activities but would not surrender its right to enrich uranium.
BERLIN -- For the young men in what would later come to be called the Hamburg cell, Ramzi Binalshibh was a leader.
RAE Systems believes the government could do more to exploit sensor tools.
Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
Multibillion-dollar security initiatives have given rise to a new industry seemingly overnight. A News.com special report.
HOUSE prices are falling at their fastest rate for nine years, according to one of the country #39;s most influential property studies.
The AFL-CIO and a Boston-based consumer advocacy group sued AstraZeneca yesterday, accusing the drug manufacturer of deceptively selling doctors and patients 
Intel announced on Sunday the prices for its Pentium M processors by 34 percent. The Santa Clara, Calif.-based chipmaker introduced lower prices on its Pentium M processors 
A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a small relief rally Monday, with stocks regaining ground after falling earlier in the session.
The European Union has broken international trade rules by subsidizing sugar producers, the World Trade Organization ruled Friday.
AUSTRALIAN mining engineer Phil Turner will remain in prison, despite an Indonesian government report indicating the evidence against him is flawed.
Why is science seemingly at war with President Bush?
As trees across the northern United States turn gold and crimson, scientists are debating exactly what those colors are for.
Dr. Frank Fisher's ordeal lingers as a cautionary tale of what can happen to doctors who treat pain aggressively.
As reflected in the talks at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics, the history of physics is, like the universe, a story of expansion.
Sterile statistics don't shield a therapist from a sense of failure.
Shane Carruth, the director of "Primer," compares his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of math.
Before, it was a nuisance. Now, it has become a downright menace to the Yankees.
OK, it's official. There is now an established major league style, an etiquette, for those delightful occasions when one hits a walkoff homer in the postseason.
Jerry Rice got his wish last night when the Oakland Raiders traded the NFL's most prolific receiver to the Seattle Seahawks.
Harvard makes its first appearance in this season's Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll at No. 22 following an impressive 41-14 victory over Northeastern Saturday.
The Air Line Pilots Association expects to have a decision by early Thursday regarding a \$300 million wage and benefit concession agreement affecting its US Airways pilots, according to a union spokesman.
An appeal by US commanders for British troops to bolster American forces near Baghdad has sparked angry protests here, but Defense Secretary 
President Alexander Lukashenko of Belarus said yesterday that he won a mandate from voters to stay in power in a weekend referendum 
SYDNEY - Australian Prime Minister John Howard assured Indonesia on Tuesday that Australia is unlikely to launch a preemptive attack on its neighbor to take out a terrorist target.
The usually heated rivalry between the Raiders and Broncos didn #39;t have the same fire this Sunday after Denver waltzed into Oakland and embarrassed the Raiders, 31-3.
AP - Saboteurs attacked a key oil pipeline in northern Iraq, setting it on fire, police said Tuesday.
On Tuesday, Advanced Micro Devices introduced its two fastest processors yet, a quiet slap at Intel #39;s latest roadmap revision.
Things started out oh so easy Monday for the Rams, with a fast and furious lightning bolt of a touchdown pass to Torry Holt less than three minutes into the game.
I #39;ve been reading with interest about your recent problems at Marsh Mac. The allegations about customers getting cheated. The incriminating correspondence.
Banknorth Group Inc. solicited bids from several other large banks before deciding that a Canadian bank could acquire a majority stake in the company, chief 
SF AIRPORT -- Citing high fuel prices and worsening industry conditions, two airlines announced impending labor cuts while another sat poised to file for bankruptcy.
After an early season schedule filled with pitfalls, there #39;s an opportunity for the Oregon State football team to reach .500. The Beavers are coming off an inspired Pacific 
The chief negotiator for the city of Fallujah said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control the city 
A powerful typhoon in the Pacific is set to hit the Okinawa islands Tuesday night, Meteorological Agency officials said on Tuesday morning.
AP - The bright green rocks jutting through the prairie soil were hard to miss, but Tom Charlton still couldn't believe his eyes.
AP - WHAT WAS FOUND: A microscopic diamond embedded in kimberlite, the molten rock in which diamonds are found, in Montana.
AFP - North Korea's second ranking leader was scheduled to meet with China's two most powerful men as Beijing persisted in its efforts to revive stalled talks on the nuclear standoff.
The deaths of Iraqis, particularly those of civilians, have become an increasingly delicate topic.
Seattle, October 19: Microsoft Corp and Cisco Systems Inc on Monday said they would work more closely to make their products work more reliably with each other.
KABUL -- A doctor helping organize Afghan elections died yesterday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said.
Retief Goosen has cruised to a six-shot victory in the Nedbank Golf Challenge in Sun City in South Africa, while Aussie Stuart Appleby has tied for second.
AFP - President George W. Bush and rival John Kerry traded bitter blowss on Iraq and fighting terror Monday, as the US election took another bitter turn two weeks before polling day.
The sequel to one of the most lauded computer games ever, Half-Life 2, is to go on sale in mid-November.
The European Union was ready to announce a settlement Tuesday of its long-running antitrust case against The Coca-Cola Co. after the beverage giant agreed to modify its 
The City Council has passed a modified version of a plan to use public funds to create a black business district in the city, voting to eliminate a requirement that only blacks get loans.
Searching for a way to stop the bleeding, Tom Craft yesterday officially replaced a quarterback who is hurting and has been ineffective.
Khin Nyunt has been sacked as prime minister of military-ruled Myanmar amid allegations of corruption and placed under house arrest, a Thai government spokesman says.
Iraqi kidnappers "Googled" their Australian hostage to check his identity before letting him free.
TheDeal.com - The Dutch private equity firm will sell the stake in the mobile telephone company to a Dutch investor.
TheDeal.com - The judge, who will not rush to return a verdict in the Oracle-PeopleSoft case, indicates PeopleSoft can keep its CAP.
The BBC's digital radio services must remain distinctive from rivals to ensure a "healthy" market, a report says.
AP - A radical Islamic cleric will face terrorist charges in Britain, a police source said Tuesday, pre-empting a U.S. extradition bid.
The German man who found the remains of a 5,300-year-old frozen mummy in 1991 has gone missing in the Alps.
Foxes attack and kill two of the Great Bustard chicks recently introduced to Salisbury Plain.
ARLINGTON, VA. -- Charlotte and Philadelphia will benefit by changes US Airways plans to make in its flight schedules in February.
SOFTWARE MEGALITH Microsoft said it will not charge its customers extra for using its software on hardware platforms with dual-core processors.
Red Hat, the top seller of Linux, has hired a former Sun Microsystems executive to head its push to get the open-source operating system on desktop computers.
BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Waived INF Adam Riggs. Colorado (NL): Declined 2005 option on P Steve Reed.
This week the United Nations is scheduled to vote on a human cloning ban, and U.S. policy will play a big part in the outcome. By Kristen Philipkoski.
A team of Washington scientists are pioneering the concept of the Mag-beam as a technology that could significantly shorten the time it takes to travel to other planets. By Lakshmi Sandhana.
Early voters in the Sunshine State begin casting electronic ballots Monday, and it doesn't take long for the first problems to surface.
Gov. Schwarzenegger takes a political risk and endorses a \$3 billion California bond measure that would fund embryonic stem-cell research.
German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and consumers hesitate to increase spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
Coca-Cola (KO) is expected to settle soon, perhaps as early as Tuesday, a five-year investigation by the European Union into allegations that the soft-drink company abused 
Prudential is to tap investors for one billion pounds through a share issue, saying it needs the cash to fund its UK growth plans.
London - Tens of thousands of flag-waving, cheering Britons took to the streets of central London on Monday to honour their Athens Olympic and Paralympic medal winners.
The former head of the New York Rangers #39; cheerleading squad filed a federal suit yesterday against Madison Square Garden officials, charging sexual harassment.
The Bears did not want an off-season quarterback competition, but now they have something far worse: an in-season quarterback competition.
AFP - Britain is to liberalise its gambling laws, allowing a wave of new casinos with unlimited jackpots to be built around the country, the government announced.
AP - A team of Egyptian doctors examined Yasser Arafat after he suffered from fever, nausea and a stuffy nose, an aide to Palestinian leader said Tuesday.
Three days into his 11-day trip to Asia, the D.C. mayor said Washington has much to learn from the way China's capital sells itself as a tourist destination.
The European Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) holds a celebration day on Tuesday to mark 50 years of work. Heads of states, including French President Jacques Chirac and King Juan 
A notorious poacher and smuggler, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan stands with a gun in his hideout in the jungles of Southern India, in this 1998 photo.
Europe's Organization for Nuclear Research (Cern) in Geneva celebrates 50 years of its work.
Pfizer Inc. on Monday announced a major clinical trial of its Celebrex arthritis drug to gauge its possible cardiovascular benefits for osteoarthritis patients.
Open source company JBoss has added a workflow engine to its roster as it continues building out its middleware platform around the JBoss application server.
Site Offer Making applications secure has been one of the biggest priorities for Microsoft developers. However, very few books have been written for developers; most security books are aimed at administrators.
AMD is expected to unveil its most powerful desktop processors to date today, a few days after rival Intel disclosed changes to its desktop processor road map.
Tim Brown left the building in August. Rich Gannon headed out the active-player door Monday, and today Jerry Rice will have his traveling shoes on.
J Sainsbury today revealed it would this year suffer a 550m hit in profits, but said it would also recruit 3,000 shop floor staff in an effort to revive sales.
l Education: Holds an MBA and bachelor #39;s degrees in business management and English literature from the University of Houston.
Burma #39;s secretive military regime has forced out its prime minister, General Khin Nyunt, according to officials in neighbouring Thailand.
The Belarus electoral commission announced on Sunday that the referendum had approved the lifting of the constitutional ban on a third consecutive term for President Lukashenko.
Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday as they approached a border fence with a bomb, an army spokesman and Palestinian security sources said.
Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been charged with 16 offences including soliciting to murder and possession of a terrorist document.
A sharp drop in oil prices led to a modest rally on Wall Street yesterday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.
Manchester United may be stuttering in the league but in four European matches this season they have scored 13 goals and conceded only five compiling three wins and a draw.
Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaat said earlier today that the US presidential elections, which will be held on November 2, have impaired the Middle East peace process.
German economic growth will slow next year as foreign demand for goods and services cools and consumers hesitate to increase spending, the country #39;s six leading economic research institutes said.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; No Apple turnover, this time
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt;  #163;10 off the hands-on guide
Shares in global news group Reuters surge as it posts a smaller than expected fall in subscription numbers over the last three months.
Rocky Legends may offer simple button-bashing but its gorgeous visuals make it a surprise KO.
Reuters - Sprint Corp.  on Tuesday\reported a wider third-quarter loss due to a writedown in the\value of its long-distance business.
A recent study says that one-quarter of the youths in China's wealthiest city have considered taking their own lives.
The e-mails come in a torrent now, each seemingly more urgent than the last.
The decision marks the first time a mechanical device has been made widely available to replace a failing human organ.
The political crisis has stung people in Donetsk and could deeply aggravate the nation's east-west divide.
Critics say the government is using dictatorship-era laws to crack down harshly on indigenous criminals.
Mercosur and the Andean Community countries finally agree a trade deal.
More than 100 Iraqis  are killed or wounded by a mortar attack on a National Guard HQ, Iraqi  officials say.
Eritrea accuses Sudan of trying to assassinate their president, while Sudan says Eritrea backs Darfur rebels.
Film director Ingmar Bergman admits to having a daughter from a romantic liaison in the 1950s.
Proposals for changing the gambling industry in Britain are published by the government.
OIL prices tumbled yesterday as the market took fright at signals that the cost of energy may be choking back the rate of growth in the economy.
Boeing Co. made at least \$49 million in excess profit on a federal aviation security contract because the government failed to properly structure the deal, a federal audit released Monday found.
California employers created just 4,900 payroll jobs in September, and the unemployment rate held steady at 5.9 percent, the Employment Development Department reported Monday.
A midsize sedan and a luxury SUV that also comes as a pickup are the cars most likely to have problems with theft, according to the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
Microsoft Corp has re-stated plans to ship an updated version of Windows Server 2003 next year, but removed a major security component from the planned operating system.
SPOnG last night received several SMS messages at ungodly hours foretelling the launch of Half-Life 2, rather a strange event for the release of a PC game.
BOSTON - They used to write scripts like this for the Boston Red Sox back in the days when they could still look to the bullpen for a pitcher named Babe Ruth.
Rich Gannon knows what he ought to do. He knows what everybody says he must do. In fact, he sounds like a guy who knows exactly what he is going to do.
Red Hat has recruited Sun Microsystems executive Karen Tegan-Padir to serve as vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies.
Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza appeared in court today charged with a string of offences including soliciting the murder of Jews and other non-believers, stirring 
LOS ANGELES - California #39;s economy gained 4,900 payroll jobs in September, the state #39;s Employment Development Department said Monday.
Cern has been at the forefront of research on understanding how the universe works for half a century. It is also the birthplace of the World Wide Web.
The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of solar wind may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said.
Microsoft will continue to charge its customers for a single processor license once a new crop of hardware servers with the equivalent of two microprocessors on each chip hit the market next year.
AMD formally welcomed its Athlon 64 processor family into the world of PCI Express, touting the availability of chipsets that support the new add-in card format.
com October 18, 2004, 9:50 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
IT IS two years since Tim Henman enjoyed top billing at a championship and there, in Basle, he reached the quarter- finals before losing to David Nalbandian.
Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products.
The European Commission plans to announce a formal proposal settling the long-running Coca-Cola antitrust case later on Tuesday, a source close to the situation said.
US discount retailer Kmart has announced the appointment of Alywin Lewis as its new president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.
They wanted him captured alive so he could have been brought to account for more than 100 murders he has been associated with. That controversy reflects the widespread criticism over 20 years of the way security 
Burma has been ruled by a repressive military junta for the last decade and a half, prompting economic stagnation and international condemnation.
Some 23 tigers in a private zoo inThailand have suspectedly died of avian influenza virus, officialssaid here on Tuesday. The authorities are conducting test over samples of 
AFP - Mohammad Ashraful saved Bangladesh's blushes with a fighting half-century against New Zealand on the opening day of the first Test here.
 European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti will hold a  news conference on Tuesday afternoon on the long-running  antitrust case against Coca-Cola, a European Union spokeswoman  said.
Ford Motor Co., the second-largest US automaker, posted a \$266 million profit for the third quarter, led by its unit that makes car and truck loans.
LEVI Strauss has scrapped plans to sell its Dockers brand because potential buyers would not meet the companys price for the casual clothing line.
Malcolm Glazer has launched his third Stock Market raid in as many days to take his stake in Manchester United to 28.11. The American business tycoon has spent another 3.
As a fan of Colchester United, a club who spend less on total wages per week than he earns himself alone, Adrian Mutu really takes the biscuit.
Manchester United Football Club manager Sir Alex Ferguson admits he has made mistakes with his line-ups this season. The Reds have slipped eleven points behind leaders and champions Arsenal after only nine 
Craig Bellamy has played down reports of a rift with Graeme Souness, and has insisted he is happy with life at Newcastle United Football Club.
An investigation into the insurance business is expanding, investigators said yesterday, as Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, increasingly turns his attention to whether American 
Ford Motor Co. said Tuesday that third-quarter results swung to a profit on strong financial services revenue and automotive sales to beat Wall Street expectations.
Malcolm Glazer has increased his stake in Manchester United for the third day in succession to take his holding to 28.11 per cent.
World number two Amelie Mauresmo has pulled out of the Zurich Challenge tennis tournament after failing to recover from an ongoing thigh injury.
British judges in London Tuesday ordered radical Muslim imam Abu Hamza to stand trial for soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chain store retail sales slowed in the  latest week, with discount stores seeing sales soften a bit, a  report said on Tuesday.
Twenty-three tigers have died at a zoo in Thailand after they ate raw chicken infected with bird flu.
WASHINGTON - The Labor Department releases the consumer price index for September this morning at 8:30 a.m. EDT...
Vivendi Universal Games will release Half-Life 2, sequel to one of the most critically acclaimed PC game titles, on November 16 this year.
UK police charged Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri with 15 offenses, including encouraging the murder of non-Muslims and inciting racial hatred.
Taking a stand on what has become a contentious issue, Microsoft on Tuesday said it will count new multicore processors as single units when they debut next year.
For all their electronic sophistication, fingerprint scanners like those being installed by the Department of Homeland Security at airports have a major shortcoming.
AP - Sprint Corp. on Tuesday reported a wider loss for the third quarter as it wrote off  #36;3.5 billion in value for its long-distance assets.
BOCHUM, Germany Thousands of General Motors employees at its European factories are staging protests to fight what they call  quot;bad management.
Robert Mondavi Corp. is entertaining an offer to buy the entire company, not just the luxury assets that were put on the auction block last month.
The European Commission plans to announce a formal proposal settling a long-running antitrust case against the world #39;s largest soft drinks maker Coca-Cola 
Forbes reporter Matthew Miller reported Monday that sources close to the band have confirmed the U2 edition of the popular digital music player will come preloaded 
BOSTON It was as if David Ortiz wanted to give a gift to every fan at Fenway Park. They had made him a folk hero. His legend was about to grow.
Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Lots of torch for not much cash
Millions of pounds set aside by the UK government for e-learning is not being spent, say experts.
Worldwide shipments of personal computers grew nearly 12 percent in the third quarter, driven by strong European sales and rising commercial demand, according to IDC, a research company that tracks shipments.
Experts believe a sore tooth may have led a Tanzanian lion to go on a human killing spree instead of hunting buffalo.
IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, has reported a solid quarterly performance that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
Malcolm Glazer #39;s patient acquisition of Manchester United continues, his shareholding in the Premiership club now standing at 28.
MADRAS, India - He was India #39;s most wanted bandit, a brutal smuggler who murdered police officers, slaughtered elephants and kidnapped a movie star.
AP - International Business Machines Corp. stock rose in pre-market trading Tuesday, a day after the the company reported better than expected earnings for the third quarter.
AP - Notre Dame won its second NCAA women's soccer championship by beating UCLA 4-3 on penalty kicks after the teams tied 1-1 through 110 minutes of regulation and overtime Sunday.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush has signed a law  aimed at bolstering human rights and market reforms in North  Korea, officials said on Tuesday.
Iraq's economy is set to grow by more than half in 2004 but security challenges remain fierce, the International Monetary Fund says.
NASA -- NASA's Deep Impact spacecraft has arrived in Florida to begin final preparations for a launch on Dec. 30, 2004...
Siding with chipmakers, the software giant says it won't charge double for dual-core chips when they come to market next year.
Jay Bazuzi:  quot;I work for Microsoft. I own plenty of Microsoft stock. I want Microsoft to succeed. But right now Google is kicking our butt.
Boston Scientific Corp. reported a 69 percent increase in sales and a doubling of earnings for the third quarter. The Natick, Mass.
Bayern Munich need to shrug off their surprise Bundesliga defeat at the weekend when they face Juventus in a mouth-watering Champions League showdown on Tuesday.
See what happens when your warranty runs out?. In this case, a 20 Toshiba owned by Chris van Rossman started sending out the international distress signal at 121.
Continental Airlines on Tuesday posted a third quarter loss and said it sees itself losing money in 2005 as well. Free! Sign up here to receive our Weekly Roundup e-Newsletter!
Microsoft has unveiled a mid-range storage system that it said will make it quicker and easier to back-up and recover files from Windows servers.
AP - Hanging with Chad was a winning experience for the Chicago Bears.
BOSTON - If there is to be a statue, it should be shaped like David Ortiz. It should be massive and menacing and brightly lit as darkness descends.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has acknowledged testing positive for cocaine, the players #39; union chief said Tuesday. The Romanian international met with union officials Monday, agreeing to accept 
Spanish police Tuesday arrested an eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
Chinese officials report that a senior North Korean leader says his country wants to remain on track with six-nation negotiations on its nuclear ambitions.
AFP - Democratic campaigners are targeting Florida's black community, hoping to channel their anger over the 2000 electoral fiasco into a resolve to defeat President George W. Bush.
India #39;s most wanted, most brutal and most celebrated bandit has been killed in a shoot-out with police after more than 30 years on the run.
World News: Bangkok, Oct 19 : Suspected avian influenza virus claimed 23 tigers in a private zoo in Thailand, officials said here Tuesday.
Jerry Rice, 42, whose NFL-record 274 consecutive games catch streak ended earlier this season, was traded to Seattle late Monday night.
Angry Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has vowed to stamp out childish acts of petulance at the club and warned striker Craig Bellamy to  quot;sort himself out.
ANIMAL rights campaigners today claimed Japan has illegally killed hundreds of whales in an Australian sanctuary, and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt.
A decline in some prices tempered a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil. Housing construction fell by 6 percent.
Oil prices fell again Tuesday, with U.S. light crude sinking to about \$53 a barrel, despite persistent supply worries and an attack on a key Iraqi pipeline.
Ford was buoyed again by strong results at its financial services arm, even though its worldwide automotive operations lost \$609 million.
US consumer prices rose by 0.2 last month, a US government report showed this afternoon, but the core inflation rate rose at its fastest pace in five months.
Microsoft Corp. does not plan to change its per-processor software licensing model when hardware containing dual-core and multicore processor technology for the Windows platform becomes available next year.
Sprint Corporation announces a loss of \$1.32 per share Tuesday despite strong sales for its third quarter. Sprint says the loss was caused by writing off \$3.
US housing starts slowed by a larger-than-expected 6 percent in September after two months of gains, but permits granted to builders outpaced expectations, a government report showed on Tuesday.
Record label EMI will release Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits on mobe and PDA-compatible Multimedia Memory Card (MMC) memory card from next month.
It #39;s about time that someone addressed the inherent lack of integrity in the failure of the University of Alabama to play UAB in football.
Trade with Cleveland; Josh Davis (F) - Free Agent; Kirk Haston (F) - Free Agent; Kevin Ollie (G) - Trade with Cleveland; Brian 
Coach Mike Holmgren said Monday that defensive end Grant Wistrom will be sidelined four to six weeks with a small fracture in his left knee.
Al Jazeera television has aired footage of the British-Iraqi woman working as the head of Care International in Iraq who was kidnapped earlier on Tuesday.
ASIO last night asked Spanish authorities to provide details of Australian phone numbers contacted by a group of seven alleged Islamic terrorists arrested across Spain on Monday.
The foreign ministers of Britain and Germany on Tuesday urged Iran to indefinitely suspend its nuclear program and avoid a showdown next month with the UN nuclear agency.
US carmaker Ford Motor returns to profit, as the money it makes from lending to customers outweighs losses from selling vehicles.
Uganda's security forces routinely torture suspects, the Human Rights Commission says in its annual report.
The authorities in Brasov, central Romania, declare a rabies alert after an infected bear kills a man and injures others.
McDonald's rode strong U.S. sales to a 38 percent increase, its fifth straight quarter of increased profits since snapping out of a slump last year.
com. Researchers can now say definitively that Mars once supported a watery environment, but whether the red planet could have ever supported life is still far from certain.
The tax bill passed last week that would reduce taxes at two military contractors by nearly \$500 million over 10 years.
WASHINGTON : American consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 percent in the month to September, curbed by a slide in energy costs.
With several starters sidelined recently and others playing with injuries, Redskins coach Joe Gibbs says the bye is coming at an ideal time.
A senior figure in the Burmese military has been appointed to replace the prime minister, Khin Nyunt, Burmese state media has reported.
Radical Islamic cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri has been charged by a British court with 16 offences including 10 of incitement to murder.
A mortar attack on Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad killed at least six people Tuesday, the US military said. Iraqi security services, such as police stations and National 
Two men accused of putting copied computer programmes on the internet saw themselves as "latter-day Robin Hoods", a court hears.
It would be tempting to lump Adrian Mutu, the latest high-profile footballer to find himself in hot water, with the rest of the got-rich-too-quick brigade.
Melbourne Cup betting was thrown into disarray with equal favourite She #39;s Archie battling to be fit for the race in a fortnight.
House prices in Britain fell at their steepest pace in nine years in the three months to September,adding to evidence that the property market is cooling and decreasing the possibility 
COLES Myer was weighing up its options last night as the ding-dong auction for pubs group Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality got dirty.
October 19th, 2004 - A popular car for celebrities seems to be a popular car for thieves as well. The Cadillac Escalade has the highest theft rate of new cars today.
Company(TM), today introduced the first in a new family of durable enterprise digital assistant (EDA) products specifically designed for business essential applications within the enterprise environment.
Scrum half Chris Whitaker has been ruled out of Australia #39;s rugby tour to Europe next month, compounding selection problems for the Wallabies.
New observations of dust around young stars suggest collisions of large asteroid-like objects and fledgling planets are frequent. But that doesn #39;t likely stop the formation 
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
BANGKOK - Avian influenza has killed 23 tigers and sickened 30 more at a private zoo in eastern Thailand, Thai officials said on Tuesday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin predicted that the aim of the latest attacks in Iraq is to prevent US President George W. Bush from being re-elected.
A SENIOR Japanese official has dismissed Australia #39;s Southern Ocean whale sanctuary as legally baseless and insisted that his country will continue taking minke whales in the area.
AFP - Singapore will next year introduce jail terms and stiff fines for people who break software and Internet copyright laws, the government warned.
PC World - Dell remains on top of the worldwide market, research shows.
Ziff Davis - The company says it will offer the same per-processir software licensing model for hardware containing dual-core and multicore technology.
Eleven firms are barred as part of action against scams which left dial-up net users with big bills.
The public is being asked to help with a major survey into Britain's owl population.
Former army general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is due to be sworn in as Indonesia's president on Wednesday.
A former president and former foreign minister of Bangladesh are attacked in the north of the country.
PeopleSoft's ousted CEO walks away with a severance package in excess of \$16 million.
Plus: IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill...Nokia sees lower profit but strong sales...Adobe strong despite drop.
PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner.
The AMD Athlon 64 processor 4000, also announced today, provides businesses and consumers with world-class performance and enables a more secure computing environment.
Although the hours leading up to each game were significantly different, the end result was identical for New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera.
The Evening Standard reports that London will use television coverage from Mondays parade of Olympians to convince Olympic leaders of Britains enthusiasm to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games.
Wide receiver Jerry Rice officially will become a member of the Seattle Seahawks today, provided that he passes a physical and the league approves a trade agreed to late Monday night sending 
In a transaction that infuses familiarity and speed into the Ravens #39; stagnant passing game, Baltimore signed wide receiver Patrick Johnson on Monday to a one-year contract.
AP - The Baltimore Ravens signed wide receiver Patrick Johnson to his second stint with the team.
Israel #39;s military is worried significant numbers of soldiers will heed a call by prominent rabbis to refuse orders to evacuate Jewish settlers, officials said on Tuesday, and 
AP - The Buffalo Sabres will lay off about 25 employees by the end of November if there is no resolution to the month-old NHL labor dispute.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Wachovia Corporation says it will build a 400 (M) million dollar data center off Lakeshore Parkway in Birmingham.
AP - Top-seeded Amelie Mauresmo withdrew from the Swisscom Challenge on Tuesday because of a strained thigh muscle.
Reuters - Democratic state education\superintendent Inez Tenenbaum is giving Republicans an\unexpectedly tough battle for a U.S. Senate seat in\conservative South Carolina.
Microsoft head honcho expected to use the spotlight at the Consumer Electronics Show to talk Xbox 2. The Consumer Electronics Association today announced the keynote speakers for the International Consumer 
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The European Commission accepted a settlement of its five-year antitrust investigation of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
A federal judge Tuesday delayed the trial of former WorldCom chief executive Bernard Ebbers until January, granting his lawyers more time to prepare their defense.
US car thieves looking for newer models prefer the Cadillac Escalade EXT, a luxury pickup, and the Nissan Maxima, a midsize sedan.
Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Corp. said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the companies for information on their pension fund accounting.
com October 19, 2004, 8:27 AM PT. Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest hits album arrives in music shops today--as well as some phone shops.
A likely cause of Genesis #39; failure appears to be four so-called gravity switches that were installed backward because of errors in Lockheed Martin #39;s design drawings.
Olympic 400 meter relay gold medallist Alvin Harrison has accepted a four-year ban for drugs violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency said on Tuesday.
Margaret Hassan, who #39;s head of Care International #39;s operations in Iraq, was taken in capital Baghdad by an Iraqi group who haven #39;t named themselves.
The conservation group, Humane Society International (HIS), filed an application at the Australian Federal Court on Tuesday seeking a restraining order against the company involved.
AFP - The Bank of Canada boosted its overnight rate by a quarter-point to 2.5 percent, and suggested more hikes are coming in the near future.
D-DAY looms for Darren Lehmann after captain Ricky Ponting was yesterday cleared to rejoin the Australian team for the fourth Test.
A stepped-up US campaign against insurgents must not be allowed to alienate the Iraqi public, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan said Tuesday.
Intel Corp. trimmed the prices of its mobile processor lines on Sunday, lowering the prices of both its Pentium M microprocessors and members of its Centrino platform.
Brandon Johnson, a starting safety with the University of Tennessee football team, was suspended indefinitely because he fired a gun into the air near campus.
India #39;s most wanted fugitive, accused of more than 100 murders and on the run for decades, has been shot dead after driving into an elaborate police trap.
A former general with a doctorate in economics takes power in Indonesia on Wednesday, facing the challenge of translating a landslide election victory into action on economic growth and against Islamic militancy.
PC World - Alternative power source for notebook PCs won't be available next year.
Lyon, France (Sports Network) - Juventus and French international striker David Trezeguet underwent surgery Tuesday on his injured left shoulder.
Furious British Labour politicians have warned Prime Minister Tony Blair that they have drawn a line in the sand over an American request for the deployment of more British troops.
An animal rights group claimed Tuesday Japan has illegally killed hundreds of whales in an Australian whale sanctuary and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt.
LONDON Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer has added to his Manchester United holdings for the third straight day, continuing to fuel speculation of a takeover bid.
ST. LOUIS _ The problem for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was not its offense Monday night. It was the defense, specifically the pass defense.
Thousands are going hungry in the Andean mountain region of southern Peru, says the World Food Programme.
A study on software licensing shows that companies are getting ahead of their customers on subscription-based billing.
PeopleSoft's ousted CEO walks away with a severance package in excess of \$16 million.
FCC chairman tells VoIP industry that government shouldn't create too many rules to govern the technology's growth.
Theater-quality systems and other entertainment are coming to the car. But will wireless file swapping wreak havoc during rush hour?
The dress code for the U.S. Navy has gotten a little update to bring it into the 21st century.
The company signs on an Indian cellular provider, looking to capitalize on the country's fast-growing wireless market.
The holiday season is bringing a smaller price tag for the lowest-end iBook, among other treats from the computer maker.
The memory card version of singer Robbie Williams' greatest hits album will cost about \$54, roughly three times as much as the CD.
EMC Corp. revenue for the third quarter grew 34 percent year-on-year, driven by software and services sales, the company reported Tuesday.
Mitsubishi's new technology should lead to handsets with high-resolution cameras by next year.
US stocks were flat on Tuesday after a strong opening as declines in health insurers offset better-than-expected earnings from tech bellwethers IBM Corp.
US regulators asked automotive giants General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. for information on how they account for pension and health care plans, the companies said on Tuesday.
AFP - The pound stabilised after falling due to continued weaknesses in British economic data.
Reuters - Osama bin Laden is unlikely\to be hiding in Pakistan's tribal region near the Afghan\border, the top military commander in the area said on Tuesday.
AP - Two newspaper reporters who went to see the Boss perform at a political fund-raising concert got in trouble with their own boss.
Safeway Inc.'s third-quarter profit shrank by 21 percent as the supermarket giant continued to absorb financial aftershocks from a devastating strike in Southern California earlier this year.
Coca Cola is to allow rivals' drinks in its branded coolers as part of a deal with EU anti-trust watchdogs.
South African PC demand looks set to keep pace with the good worldwide demand, with rand strength, product bundling 
Two more former natural gas traders for El Paso Corp. have pleaded guilty to reporting bogus deals in a widening investigation of the industry, the US Attorney #39;s Office said.
With the expected arrival of dual-core processors from both Intel and AMD next year, Microsoft faced a licensing dilemma -- do right by customers by charging for only the physical processors 
Achin for some Robbie but your iPod is in the shop? Fret not, for Robbie Williams new album is being made available on MMC multimedia cards.
Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira is set to miss Sunday #39;s trip to Manchester United as well as the Champions League game with Panathinaikos.
Kidnappers seized the British-Iraqi head of an international charity group in Baghdad on Tuesday and later she was shown sitting anxiously and alone in a video broadcast by an Arabic television station.
Dr Rajkumar who spent around 118 days in captivity with Veerappan, had said in a press conference soon after his release that there was a human being within the bandit.
Britain and Germany today warned Iran to comply with international demands over its suspected nuclear weapons programme. Tehran has yet to honour a deal it agreed a 
US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Tuesday that he did not foresee big price distortions developing in home prices and said Americans were handling their debts well.
Robbie Williams #39; upcoming Greatest Hits album will be available on memory card, according to label EMI. While the card will cost nearer 30, rather than the 12.
Insurgents fired mortars at an Iraqi National Guard headquarters north of Baghdad. The Defense Ministry says four people were killed and dozens of others were injured.
A Melbourne financial manager faces a hefty prison sentence after stealing AU\$1m from his clients and handing it over to Nigerian advance fee fraudsters.\
AP - Ann Strother had 16 points and Charde Houston added 14 to lead No. 8 Connecticut to a 75-36 victory over Holy Cross on Sunday.
PC shipments grew between nearly 10 and 12 percent in the third quarter, paced by shipments to enterprise organizations, according to announcements from two market-research firms on Tuesday.
HOUSTON Two former El Paso Corporation natural gas traders have pleaded guilty in Houston to making false reports used to calculate the commodity #39;s index price.
Discrete device turns off televisions, creating a little peace and quiet. Until the yelling starts.
23 year-old RDD Finnish driver won his first international title last weekend in Valencia, becoming the new World Series by Nissan champion.
3) Rain may postpone Game 6. Do the Sox still have a chance if rain breaks their momentum? Yes, a day of rest would help the Sox, too.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho refused to talk about shamed striker Adrian Mutu ahead of the Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Malcolm Glazer today increased his stake in Manchester United for the third time in as many days - and moved a step closer to launching a takeover bid.
Celtic captain Jackie McNamara admits even if his team-mates produce their best on Wednesday night it might not be good enough for victory.
A new round of peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebels in the Darfur region will deal with security arrangements so thousands of people can return to their villages 
DETROIT The Securities and Exchange Commission has asked General Motors and Ford to provide information on their pension and retiree health care plans.
The business of building planets is messier and more chaotic than scientists realized, according to new observations from NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope.
There is a certain gloom and doom feeling in the Windy City these days, as the beloved Chicago Bears are reeling. With franchise quarterback Rex Grossman 
The Midwest Consumer Price Index was 183.6 in September, up from 179.5 in September 2003, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said Tuesday.
Microsoft announced that it will continue its per-processor licensing model with the introduction of dual-core and multicore processors.
To hold the interest of key parties, especially developers, Microsoft will release the first Community Technical Preview (CTP), or advanced beta release, of the database.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Calgary Stampeders running back Joffrey Reynolds and defensive back Joey Boese were among the CFL Players of the Week announced Tuesday.
ROME, Oct 19 - Unbeaten AC Milan and FC Barcelona meet in the battle for control of UEFA Champions League Group F at the San Siro stadium on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Tony Blair tonight vowed the Government would do all it could to help free an aid chief kidnapped in Baghdad. Margaret Hassan, who heads Care Internationals operation 
Myanmar #39;s Prime Minister Khin Nyunt was removed from office Tuesday and placed under house arrest by the country #39;s military junta, the BBC reported.
Lab test confirmed that 23 tigers in a private zoo in eastern Thailand have died of infecting with avian influenza virus, officials said here on Tuesday.
With record-breaking oil prices nearing \$55 a barrel, just about everyone last week was worrying about them -- everyone, that is, except Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan.
Hours before Tuesday #39;s trade deadline, the Cowboys shipped Bryant to the Cleveland Browns for Quincy Morgan in a swap of receivers.
The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest tomorrow when AC Milan host Barcelona at the San Siro stadium.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - For the first time in three weeks, someone other than Saskatchewan running back Kenton Keith has captured CFL offensive player of the week honours.
Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is refusing to let the drug scandal surrounding Romanian striker Adrian Mutu overshadow his side #39;s game with CSKA Moscow.
Don #39;t sweat the debt: Along with benign inflation and rising home prices, Alan Greenspan says personal debt is no threat to the US economy.
Microsoft gave some encouraging news for IT managers considering future server hardware based on multicore processors. Both Intel and AMD are developing multicore chips, which pack two processors onto a single 
October 19 2004 1945CET - The Care International Charity says that Maragaret Hassan, its chief of operations in Iraq was kidnapped in Baghdad.
An Australian journalist kidnapped in Iraq was released after the Google Internet search engine confirmed his identity to his captors.
Alvin Harrison, the 2000 Olympic silver medallist in the 400 meters, received a four-year suspension from the sport after admitting he used several undetectable performance-enhancing 
A leading human rights group in India questions why police had to kill the country's most notorious bandit, Veerappan.
An Israeli man has been shot dead in a drive-by shooting in the northern West Bank, security officials say.
Scheme offers freebies and discounts to academic institutions, as HP chases a slice of the already-crowded educational market.
Looks to attract companies that can't afford to equip every remote user or branch office but still want some security.
AP - Craig Conway, the former chief executive of PeopleSoft Inc., will get at least  #36;3.2 million in severance, the company disclosed.
Tech companies and automakers converge on Detroit in search of new ways to entertain American motorists.
Apple today released its fastest and most affordable iBooks yet, reducing the entry-level price to just 749. These are available now.
On Tuesday, the Florida Marlins released Koch, who has struggled with control and consistency since recording 164 saves over his first four major league seasons.
The powerful search application may be too good at what it does, experts say.
UK-based record company EMI has teamed up with British retailer Carphone Warehouse to sell Robbie Williams #39; Greatest Hits album in memory-card format for cell phones and PDAs.
The addition of wireless access cards in all iBook models is a clear sign that Apple views wireless networking and Internet access as a feature that most of its customers want and need with 
Miami,FL (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins released reliever Billy Koch on Tuesday, while catcher Ramon Castro opted for free agency.
Consumer prices picked up momentum in September, especially hitting the pockets of people paying for medical care, education costs and filling up gas tanks.
Ford Motor Co. (FN: Quote, Profile, Research) reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business 
Crude oil prices rose back up over \$53 a barrel Tuesday, signaling more bad news for an airline industry already facing record-high fuel prices.
com Fantasy Extra staff. Before the trading deadline at 5:00 pm ET on Oct. 19, the Cowboys traded No. 3 WR Antonio Bryant to the Browns for WR Quincy Morgan.
The Oakland Raiders have traded Jerry Rice to the Seattle Seahawks in a move expected to grant the most prolific receiver in National Football League history his wish to get more playing time.
Former Olympic sprinter Alvin Harrison has been suspended for four years for drug violations, the United States Anti-Doping Agency announced Tuesday.
Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team Tuesday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
Spanish police have arrested eight suspected Islamic militants. Authorities say they were planning to carry out a terrorist attack in the center of the capital.
Are you driving one of the most popular cars among thieves? According to the Highway Loss Data Institute, the Cadillac Escalade luxury pick-up rates at the top of the list.
International aid organisation CARE is trying to secure the release of its Iraq director who was kidnapped in Baghdad early yesterday morning.
Jeff Kent threw his bat to the side and pumped his right fist as soon as the ball took flight, certain he was going to make a long-awaited trot around the bases.
WASHINGTON, DC - US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan on Tuesday downplayed concerns over the record levels of debt being carried by American households.
EMC CEO Joe Tucci Tuesday said the company hasn #39;t felt the heat from the recent storage-platform product introductions by rivals IBM and Hewlett-Packard.
ROME, Italy -- The battle for control of Champions League Group F match begins in earnest on Wednesday when AC Milan face Barcelona at Rome #39;s San Siro stadium.
After months of speculation, Vivendi announces that Half-Life 2 has officially gone gold and will be on shelves in less than one month.
TORONTO - Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team Tuesday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
CLEVELAND - The Cleveland Browns traded wide receiver Quincy Morgan to the Dallas Cowboys on Monday for wide receiver Antonio Bryant.
Tennessee strong safety Brandon Johnson has been indefinitely suspended from the team following his early morning arrest today when he admitted to UT police that he fired a handgun 
Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s blockbuster insurance industry probe, which has rocked Wall Street with charges of conflicts of interest, is likely to focus next on health insurance.
LONDON: Manchester United said on Tuesday US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer had lifted his stake in the worlds richest soccer club to 27.
In a bid to improve security, ministers from five European countries said Monday they hoped to start digital fingerprinting for passports in 2006, but they split over 
 IRVING, Texas (Sports Network) - The Dallas Cowboys dealt  wide receiver Antonio Bryant to the Cleveland Browns Tuesday in  exchange for wide receiver Quincy Morgan.
The last two marathon games between the Red Sox and Yankees are second to none in the game's postseason history.
NewsFactor - JBoss has released a new version of its open source business process management application, called "jBPM."
In some corners, popular belief holds that science and religion are incompatible, but scientists may be just as likely to believe in God as other people, according to surveys.
To appreciate the pleasures of beekeeping, just listen to a hobbyist beekeeper from Walnut Creek, California, buzz about the insects in her hive.
The company fills out its hosted application lineup with four products designed for e-commerce Web sites.
Offshore software development outfit woos potential workers in India by courting their parents. Can "arranged careers" work?
The global PC market continued to grow in the third quarter, according to reports from analyst firms International Data Corp. and Gartner Inc.
Nearly 40,000 people in Germany took part in protests over US auto giant General Motors #39; plans to axe 12,000 jobs, about one-fifth of its European workforce.
Social Security benefits for more than 47 million Americans will increase 2.7 percent next year, the government announced today. But higher Medicare premiums will take 
But shares fall after the video game publisher cuts outlook for crucial Christmas shopping season. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Electronic Arts Inc.
Singer Robbie Williams #39; greatest-hits album will soon be released in UK music stores, and some phone shops, pre-loaded on a memory card.
A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible.
Rafael Benitez insisted Liverpool could still qualify from the Champions League group stage after a bitterly frustrating night at Anfield.
Abu Hamza, the radical Muslim preacher, was charged yesterday with 16 offences, including urging his followers to murder Jews. The former imam of Finsbury Park Mosque 
GAZA: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday and militants shot dead an Israeli soldier in the West Bank.
AP - Domino's Pizza Inc., the world's second-largest pizza chain, Tuesday said it reduced its loss for its latest quarter as revenue increased 11 percent.
Shareholders in stricken Italian food group Parmalat sue the firm's former managers, banks and auditors.
US banker Frank Quattrone wins the right to stay out of jail pending an appeal against an 18-month sentence for obstruction of justice.
AP - Roger Clemens can relax. For now, Pete Munro is the Houston Astros' pick to pitch them into the World Series.
AP - Jerry Rice and Keenan McCardell switched teams Tuesday, when there actually were deals at the NFL trading deadline for the first time in five years.
AP - Heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights.
AP - Pavel Nedved scored the winner as Juventus edged Bayern Munich 1-0 in the first meeting between the two storied clubs, maintaining its perfect record in the Champions League.
Australian CEOs are sitting on entitlements to nearly \$100 million in termination pay despite moves to rein in  quot;golden parachutes quot;.
AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry said Tuesday that former President Clinton may be hitting the trail to campaign for him in the final two weeks before Election Day.
AP - The State Department expressed "grave concern" Monday about a proposal that would make Venezuelan political activists subject to charges of treason if they receive domestic or foreign funding.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Michael Owen scored his first goal for  Real Madrid on a Tuesday night of changing fortunes right  across the Champions League.
 MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish police on Tuesday arrested an  eighth suspected member of a radical Islamic cell believed to  be plotting an attack on the High Court in Madrid.
The Slow Food movement builds an ivory tower in Italy to train holistic gastronomes.
The UN says unrest in the Haitian capital has forced it to consider diverting food aid via the Dominican Republic.
Michael Owen scores his first goal for Real Madrid, plus a round of Tuesday's Champions League games.
Officials from the EU's 25 member states are considering a Spanish proposal to lift sanctions on Cuba.
45 Labour MPs urge a vote on Britain agreeing to a US request for UK troops to be sent to an area south west of Baghdad.
Andre Agassi's a bit skeptical about fashion models in skimpy outfits replacing ball boys at the Madrid Masters.
Another season means another round of rosy predictions of Wizards postseason glory.
The Rubin Museum in Chelsea is a splendid new space devoted primarily to the Buddhist works of Himalayan Asia.
United medical staffers confirm that Freddy Aduhas  first degree sprain to his right shoulder after a hard fall in last Sunday's regular season finale.
Ford Motor Co. reported a stronger-than-expected quarterly profit on Tuesday, but losses widened in its core automotive business and the company #39;s shares sagged after 
They are curious about the growing number of open source database products on the market, but some SQL Server DBAs say they remain doubtful that companies will adopt it for the long haul.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
FOR the first time since his appointment as Newcastle United manager, Graeme Souness has been required to display the strong-arm disciplinary qualities that, to Newcastle directors, made 
Louis van Gaal resigned as technical director of Ajax Amsterdam after the Dutch champions beat Maccabi Tel Aviv 3-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has warned Iran it could face United Nations sanctions if it does not suspend its uranium enrichment program.
com October 19, 2004, 4:16 PM PT. With most organizations that planned to move already moved to Microsoft Server 2003, OS migration has dropped to the bottom ranks after making 
Two retired executives from Delta Air Lines #39; glory days endorsed current management #39;s turnaround plans as the carrier tries this week to win deep concessions from pilots and creditors.
Just in case your powers been out for, oh, about eight months now, heres some exciting news for you: U2 have a new record coming out.
British, American and Iraqi authorities were trying last night to secure the freedom of Margaret Hassan, the Irish-born aid worker kidnapped in Baghdad early yesterday.
Twenty-three tigers have died from bird flu at a private zoo in Thailand after being fed the carcasses of chickens infected with the disease, a government official said Tuesday.
AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry vied for the senior vote Tuesday, swapping charges over Social Security and a looming shortage of flu vaccine two weeks before Election Day.
Climate change threatens to undo the world's attempts to eradicate poverty, a coalition of aid agencies warn.
Half-Life 2, one of the most anticipated games of the year, is finally making its debut on November 16, reported the company in a press release.
AP - FCC Chairman Michael Powell said Tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
AP - The feathered creatures winging across North America have an obvious gift that land-bound humans lack, but their survival is threatened by earthly concerns.
Chairman Bill hopes we'll keep pushing his buttons
roundup Plus: LookSmart names new CEO...Akamai boosts Web application services...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung.
Pricing plans designed to let companies pay only for what they actually use are proving difficult to pull off.
At the SoftSummit conference, debate over subscription pricing, discounting and licensing practices comes alive.
Two reports carry different messages: One predicts offshoring boom; the other applauds foreign investment.
Firm set to announce plan to build stateside factory, CEO Kevin Rollins says, in wide-ranging interview with CNET News.com.
CEO tells why the move to multicore chips is a necessary one, and how Intel "ate crow." Also: the Microsoft and AMD factors.
Intel's outgoing CEO takes on the tech industry and politics in an outspoken keynote address.
New deal between the two companies is another sign of the wireless industry's focus on the W-CDMA standard.
BRUSSELS, Belgium - The Coca-Cola Co. has agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the soft-drink market in Europe.
Production at the Vauxhall plant at Ellesmere Port in Cheshire is expected to grind to a halt today because of a components shortage caused by industrial action in Germany over job cuts.
US BLUE-chips retreated yesterday as health insurers shares fell on worry that an inquiry by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is widening and will hit the entire industry.
AP - Al Davis never considered releasing Jerry Rice  #151; that's just not the way the Oakland Raiders' owner wanted to treat the NFL's most prolific receiver.
Microsoft Corp., world #39;s largest software maker, announced a new licensing policy for dual-core microprocessors from Intel and AMD.
CHELSEA manager Jose Mourinho yesterday refused to talk about shamed striker Adrian Mutu ahead of tonights Champions League clash with CSKA Moscow.
Liverpool and Deportivo Coruna produced a lively match but no goals, drawing 0-0 in Champions League Group A at Anfield on Tuesday.
Jerry Rice still wants to run down the middle of a football field, dodging tacklers at an age when many athletes have scrambled to new careers.
CLEVELAND - Antonio Bryant was traded from the Dallas Cowboys to the Cleveland Browns yesterday for Quincy Morgan in a swap of wide receivers.
SAN DIEGO ---- After Sunday #39;s loss to the Falcons in Atlanta, the Chargers faced an emergency situation in their thinned-out receiving corps.
Care International suspended operations in Iraq today after gunmen seized the British woman who ran the humanitarian organisations work in the country.
In a careening, high-speed shootout, insurgents tried to assassinate the commander of the Iraqi National Guard here on Tuesday, a day after he identified a man in 
A government official confirmed that 23 tigers have died from bird flu at a private zoo in Thailand. The animals had been fed the carcasses of chickens infected with the disease.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - It is Saturday and time for "Hockey  Night in Canada." But there is just one problem for hockey-mad  Canadians -- no NHL.
Tim Wakefield is still slated to start Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. Wednesday for the Boston Red Sox, who still need a Game 6 victory to get that far.
Roger Clemens can relax. For now, Pete Munro is the Houston Astros' pick to pitch them into the World Series.
An anonymous researcher has reported through several sources that anti-virus products from six vendors fail to detect malware when it is contained in a corrupted Zip file.
The inquiries suggest that a new inquiry into an area of accounting that has long troubled both investors and pension-rights advocates will cast a broad net.
The mortgage company is the target of a formal inquiry by the S.E.C. over its accounting practices, the company said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday.
Nobody seems to care that the NHL season was supposed to have started last week in Washington and 29 other North American cities.
Armonk, NY-based IBM Corp., which has 13,500 Triangle employees, has reported increases in revenue and net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2004.
GAZA CITY: Israeli soldiers killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza yesterday and Palestinians shot dead an Israeli in the West Bank.
Reuters - An earthquake has rocked a densely\populated city in southwestern China, destroying more than\20,000 houses but killing no one, a local official said on\Wednesday.
The record weight of debt being carried by American households and soaring home prices do not represent serious threats to the US economy, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said Tuesday.
Motorola Inc., the world #39;s second- largest maker of mobile phones, said third-quarter profit quadrupled as new handset models increased sales.
US stocks fell on Tuesday as New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the insurance industry widened to the health sector, hammering shares of health insurers.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The government turned aside attempts Tuesday by its language czar to exempt bilingualism initiatives from a spending review.
CHICAGO (Ticker) -- Rookie Andres Nocioni scored 20 points as the Chicago Bulls held on for a 95-92 victory over the Boston Celtics.
AP - Newspaper endorsements for President Bush, a Republican, or Sen. John Kerry, a Democrat, in the 2004 presidential campaign.
Egypt sent a convicted Israeli spy home after eight years in jail and Israel released six Egyptian infiltrators Sunday in the clearest sign of a warming of relations strained by a Palestinian uprising.
A new study released by Macrovision Corporation finds that US software publishers and enterprise software buyers have differing expectations regarding the future of subscription and licensing models.
Michael Owen scored his first goal for Real Madrid as the record nine-time European champion beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 in soccer #39;s Champions League.
India #39;s most wanted bandit has been killed by police in a gun battle while on his way to get treatment for an eye problem, ending a two-decade hunt for a 
BRITAIN and Germany gave Iran a final chance yesterday to co-operate over its nuclear programme - or face the prospect of sanctions.
San Diego Chargers wide receiver Reche Caldwell will miss the rest of the season after tearing a ligament in his right knee in Sunday #39;s loss at Atlanta.
Thousands of Marsh   McLennan employees who have bought Marsh stock in the company's employee stock purchase plan or in their retirement plans have seen the stock fall 50 percent.
Federal investigators have largely ruled out a design flaw as a central factor in the collapse of the World Trade Center towers.
IBM, a barometer of trends in the computing business, delivered a solid quarterly performance on Monday that pointed to modest if uneven improvement in the corporate technology sector.
Before boarding a plane in Madrid, a Colombian smuggler ate a pricey meal that landed him in trouble upon his arrival in Bogota.
Software licensing is entering a period of  quot;dramatic and fundamental change quot; as publishers aggressively move to subscription models, newly unveiled research has claimed.
Stephen Jackson continued a strong preseason, scoring 29 points to lead the Indiana Pacers to a 93-92 victory Tuesday night over the Minnesota Timberwolves.
US consumer prices rose more in September than a month earlier, reflecting higher costs for services such as hotel stays and medical care, a government report showed.
Pitching on a bad ankle, Curt Schilling grits his way through seven innings and the Red Sox hold on for a 4-2 victory over the Yankees.
TOKYO: Major Japanese computer maker Toshiba Corp. said Wednesday it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation DVD drive by next year.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
Jay Triano was fired as coach of the Canadian national team yesterday, a move Triano said was due to his inability to give enough time to the job.
Curt Schilling willed away the pain and the Boston Red Sox got the benefit of two reversed calls to move within one win of the most shocking comeback in baseball postseason history.
AP - The Boston Red Sox call themselves idiots  #151; too stupid to realize that they aren't supposed be doing this.
Reuters - Cod stocks in Europe's northern\waters are on the verge of extinction, scientists said on\Monday, calling for a blanket ban on fishing in 2005.
AP - Georgia is likely to have a dismal season on the basketball court.
New York #39;s attorney general has broadened his insurance-brokerage probe into life and health insurance, investigating whether brokers have taken payoffs to steer business 
Cox Enterprises, the privately held parent of the cable giant Cox Communications, reached an agreement yesterday to buy out the public minority shareholders in its cable business for \$8.
The winds of four hurricanes blew through Safeco #39;s third-quarter financials, helping send the Seattle-based insurer to its first quarterly loss in a year.
Microsoft yesterday introduced a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
Robbie Williams #39;s new Greatest Hits album will be sold on memory cards, which can be inserted into cellphones and laptops and listened to in MP3 format.
A computer hacker broke into a UC Berkeley computer containing more than one million records of California residents, prompting federal agencies to launch an ongoing investigation into the incident, state officials said.
com October 19, 2004, 9:40 AM PT. Although IT Management is firmly anchored at number six, its importance is high as its relevance spans across all IT projects.
JOSE MOURINHO stormed out of a Stamford Bridge press conference yesterday after he was quizzed about drug-cheat striker Adrian Mutu.
GRAEME SOUNESS had to be separated from Craig Bellamy in a training ground bust-up yesterday after he blasted his swearing striker.
DHAKA - James Franklin became just the second New Zealander to take a test cricket hat-trick as his team took firm control of the first against Bangladesh.
Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - New Brunswick's striking hospital workers have  narrowly voted for a new four-year contract.
AFP - Democrat John Kerry has mounted a furious counter-attack against George W. Bush on national security, seeking to regain momentum in their heated presidential race two weeks before polling day.
The changes include an end to exclusivity arrangements with stores or restaurants, while allowing Coca-Cola to avoid a fine and potentially years of continued legal wrangling.
The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.
One more loss, and the St. Louis Cardinals will bow out of the N.L.C.S. for the fourth time in Tony La Russa's tenure.
US health insurance stocks fall amid concerns that New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer will widen a probe into price rigging.
The Turkish Cypriot minority government resigns after abandoning efforts to forge a new coalition.
A commuter plane crashes as it approached  a Missouri airport, killing at least eight people on board.
Boston beat the Yankees 4-2 as the AL play-off goes all the way to game seven.
The average price of heating oil in Massachusetts hit \$1.99 a gallon yesterday, the highest level for this time of year in at least a decade.
King Sihamoni is due to arrive in Phnom Penh after being named last week as the his father's successor.
Mortgage giant Fannie Mae is now the target of a formal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission over its accounting practices, the company said in a regulatory filing yesterday.
The funeral of India's most notorious bandit, Veerappan, takes place  at a village in southern Tamil Nadu state.
Foes of the death penalty say fewer Africans than ever before are being hanged, beaten, shot, shocked, stoned or poisoned by their governments.
Get real-time rates, free charts and news, as well as a free demo trading account from FXCM - the market maker for Forex trading. Visit the site today.
The fan in the first row in leftfield who was hit by Mark Bellhorn #39;s three-run homer in the fourth inning wasn #39;t taking any chances.
Country: Burma, also known as Myanmar, is a Southeast Asian nation bordered by Bangladesh and India to the west, China to the north, and Thailand and Laos to the east and southeast.
Israel #39;s top military officials spoke out Tuesday against calls for disobedience after rabbis urged religiously devout soldiers to refuse to take part in the removal of Jewish 
The foreign ministers of Britain and Germany issued a joint warning to Iran on Tuesday to address international worries about its nuclear program, serving notice that Tehran must take action immediately.
All Derek Lowe could do last night was wait and hope. When the baseball gods finally smiled on the Red Sox one more time, extending the season another 
A ball of fire erupts from a train car, smothering commuters with smoke, and littering the platform with bodies and blood in a chilling security-camera 
Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi gives a keynote speech on government policy and the challenges facing Iraq before its elections to members of the Iraqi National Assembly in Baghdad, October 18.
TONY Blair faces a mauling in the Commons today from Labour backbenchers furious at a plea for British troops to bail out the Americans.
COCA-COLA will open its fridges to its rivals after the soft drink giant reached a landmark antitrust settlement last night with the European Union.
A judge on Wednesday ruled to strike out a record 230.5 million pound (\$415 million) claim for special damages by British investment bank Collins Stewart against the Financial Times newspaper.
AFP - None of the European Union's 10 new member states yet fulfils the criteria for joining Europe's single currency, the European Commission said in a report.
The US Federal Communications Commission must assert its regulatory authority over voice over IP as a matter of priority, FCC chairman Michael Powell said in an address at the VON Fall 2004 conference and exposition.
with two newborns in tow -- are heading south for the fall  quot;chum festival, quot; says a whale researcher in the San Juan Islands.
Carlos Ramos, assistant secretary at the California Health and Human Services Agency, said:  quot;The investigation is continuing but we have no idea if the personal information has been compromised.
I guess this news will have to hold us over until the individual companies make their announcements. AMD today announced PCI Express support from leading chipset manufacturers, offering performance-hungry 
Despite four major disappointments involving Lockheed Martin Space Systems projects in recent years, NASA is unlikely to deny the Jefferson County company future contracts, space analysts said.
Apple Computer is reportedly readying a new special-edition iPod that will coincide with the release of U2 #39;s upcoming CD, entitled  quot;Vertigo.
Cisco Systems is working with the UK government on a pilot programme to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ICT) skills.
AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics has developed the world's first mobile phone equipped with a five-megapixel camera.
Entering the National League Championship Series, the St. Louis Cardinals appeared to have a decisive edge over the Astros in several areas, including the bullpen.
Formula One commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone has said that time has run out for the organisers of the British Grand Prix to save the race for the 2005 season.
Real Madrid believe they will qualify for the knockout stages of the Champions League after recording their second win in a row with an edgy 1-0 victory over Dynamo Kiev.
Some may see the Browns #39; straight-up trade of Quincy Morgan for Antonio Bryant of the Dallas Cowboys as an inconsequential swap of two disgruntled receivers.
Oil wealth can often lead to corruption, according to the latest survey by anti-corruption campaign group Transparency International.
Three of Citigroup's most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following last month's closure of its Japanese operations, reports say.
Can 86 years of tainted history be swept clean by one sweet, absurdly improbable act of redemption, the likes of which has never been seen in hardball history?
Gas prices in the UK are likely to remain high for at least another three years, a report predicts, due to record oil prices and supply shortages.
Mortgage lending fell 4 in September, the Council of Mortgage Lenders says - a further sign that the housing market is slowing.
So who's pitching the most important game of the year for the Yankees tonight? Manager Joe Torre wasn't saying last night.
BASEBALL Florida (NL): Released Ps Billy Koch and Aaron Small and C Ramon Castro; added INFs Joe Dillon and Derek Wathan to roster.
Boston Scientific Corp. yesterday said third-quarter net income more than doubled, reflecting strong orders for the Natick company's drug-coated Taxus cardiac stents.
THE High Court has thrown out a 230m damages claim brought by City stockbroker Collins Stewart against the Financial Times newspaper.
FPD (flat-panel display) makers from Taiwan, Japan and South Korea are competing for the spotlight at FPD International 2004 in Yokohama Japan (October 20-22).
Ads in video games are becoming a lucrative area for firms trying to reach young people.
Pepco Communications said yesterday that it sold its stake in Starpower Communications LLC to RCN Corp., its partner in Starpower, for \$29 million.
Archaeologists have discovered the oldest clay "fireplaces" made by humans at a dig in southern Greece.
A UK panel examining radiation risks says official estimates of the dangers to health may be wide of the mark - but not substantially.
The Kenyan government's campaign to tackle corruption is having an impact, says Transparency International.
Spreadsheet pioneer Dan Bricklin is among the computing innovators honored by the Computer History Museum.
Company set to announce plan to build stateside factory, CEO Kevin Rollins says in wide-ranging interview with CNET News.com.
Check Point Software Technology's Gil Shwed weighs in on who's winning the war of attrition between virus writers and the security companies they drive crazy.
Use of databases to purge voter rolls led to complaints of people being wrongly excluded.
Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
Cutting-edge data mining and other intelligence tools could redefine privacy as we know it. A News.com special report.
CARE International suspended aid operations in Iraq after its country director Margaret Hassan, who has dual Iraqi and British nationality, was kidnapped, said Grant Thomas, a spokesman for the organization.
Prototype 20.1-inch display is the world's largest OLED, the South Korea-based manufacturer says.
Chip designer announces new processor for wider digital-device market, moving it beyond portable-device niche.
Threatened with a lawsuit to block the use of electronic voting machines, New Jersey's Office of the Attorney General is defending them as secure.
For technology experts concerned about how electronic voting systems will perform on election day, what better tools to use to monitor the situation than those of their trade: the Web and open source development.
Network appliance vendor enKoo has introduced a new remote-access device designed for midsize businesses.
Nearly 30 percent of U.S. voters will cast their 2004 ballots electronically.
Veterans of AltaVista, Excite and Infoseek reminisce about the early days of web search, and opine about Google, then and now.
Vauxhall car workers were today told to check before arriving for their shift amid expectations that production will be halted because of a shortage of components caused by a strike in Germany.
In a move that could boost the aviation sector in India, the Union Cabinet on Wednesday approved a proposal to hike Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) ceiling in civil aviation from 40 to 49.
Cisco Systems is working with the UK government on a pilot program to train prison inmates in information and communications technology (ICT) skills.
James Franklin became the second New Zealand cricketer to take a Test match hat-trick as he helped restrict Bangladesh to 177 all out in the first Test in Dhaka.
Typhoon Tokage is moving toward Tokyo, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. The storm has been blamed for at least seven deaths, Kyodo News reported.
Government today hiked Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) cap for domestic airlines from 40 to 49 per cent through the automatic route but barred foreign airlines from picking up direct or indirect equity.
Top lenders compete for your mortgage, refinance, home equity loan and home equity line of credit. Complete one simple form and within minutes receive up to four offers to choose from.
Researchers have taken to genetically modifying plants to produce medicine for the developing world, but not everyone is keen on the idea. Megan Lindow reports from Cape Town, South Africa.
Environmentalists in China are fighting plans for a hydropower project that they say would endanger one of the world's deepest gorges.
Microsoft introduced a desktop computer application that aims to seamlessly integrate e-mail, instant messaging, video conferencing, traditional phone service and Internet-based calling.
The company said it has benefited from growing demand for handsets that work on the new higher-speed networks being introduced by carriers in the U.S., Europe and Asia.
A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a University of California, Berkeley, computer system.
When comedian Jon Stewart blasted the hosts of CNN's "Crossfire" on the cable TV program, he ignited a frenzy of online activity.
Job trimming at technology companies took off during the past three months, according to a new report.
Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\climbed last week, as most mortgage rates fell from the\previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
A senior Shia leader living in Iran criticises radical Iraqi cleric Moqtada Sadr, calling his anti-US rebellion wrong.
Diversified manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. (HON.N: Quote, Profile, Research) posted a rise in quarterly profit as strong demand for aerospace equipment and automobile components 
Three of Citigroup #39;s most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following the closure of its Japanese operations, reports say.
Boston Red Sox can make baseball history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.
The National League Championship Series boils down to one simple fact: The Cardinals must win today and Thursday, while the Astros need win only once, to advance to the World Series.
Celtic manager Martin ONeill has faith in his side to come away from the Ukraine with all three points after tonights Champions League match against Shakhtar Donetsk.
AFP - India's opposition leader and Hindu hardliner Lal Krishna Advani vowed his defeated BJP party would return and launched a blistering attack on the new government.
AP - FCC Chairman Michael Powell said Tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
AFP - New Zealand rode on fast bowler James Franklin's hat-trick to seize the initiative on the second day of the the opening Test against Bangladesh here.
Wall Street puts Independence Air's parent on its bankruptcy watch list after an analyst offered a grim forecast for the local, four-month-old low-cost carrier.
Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein talks about his latest column, which examines kickbacks masquerading as commissions or markups.
 BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanon's Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri  submitted his cabinet's resignation Wednesday and said he would  not form a new government.
Pfizer Inc. said Wednesday that third quarter earnings, excluding charges, beat Wall Street expectations by a penny, on strong sales of Lipitor and Celebrex medicines.
A strike at a General Motors factory in Germany over job cuts starts to affect production at other plants.
Liberia imposes economic sanctions on two people with connections to exiled president, Charles Taylor.
US presidential rivals George W Bush and John Kerry will both campaign in Iowa, a key swing state, on Wednesday.
Video footage of the moment bombs exploded in a Madrid train station is released in Spain.
Race engineers arrive at any circuit armed with facts and figures - Pat Symonds explains what these are for ahead of the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Tony Blair faces demands for a Commons vote on whether UK forces should provide back-up for the US in Iraq.
HONG KONG: Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a second-round 64 to grab the lead at the halfway stage of the Hong Kong Open yesterday.
The second-largest U.S. bank blames the loss on merger charges related to Bank One, and its weak investment bank performance.
Home appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings fell, hurt by raw material cost increases and high oil prices, and guided its annual earnings estimate lower.
The Financial Times today won its action to strike out a record 230.5m libel damages claim from City brokers Collins Stewart that could have closed down the pink paper.
India News: New Delhi, Oct 20 : The Indian government Wednesday cleared a proposal to hike foreign investment limit in the domestic civil aviation sector to 49 percent from the existing cap of 40 percent.
Padcom Inc. has new chief executive officer. Scott A. Stone, the Bethlehem company #39;s chief operating officer since last year, has been named CEO.
Microsoft is developing a front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users #39; telephones.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is arranging a programme of daily counselling in London after failing a drugs test, his agent said on Wednesday.
Lazio and Newcastle United will look to put a week of setbacks behind them when the two trophy contenders start the UEFA Cup group stage on Thursday.
The British-based CARE charity suspended its work in Iraq Wednesday following the kidnapping of its chief of operations by unknown armed militants.
Insurgents abducted the local director of CARE International from her car in Baghdad yesterday, targeting a charity worker who has championed ordinary Iraqis for decades.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; More campaigning apparel from NO2ID
New York - US stocks edged higher on Friday. Oil prices fell below \$43 a barrel, helping Wall Street withstand a disappointing jobs creation report.
Telecommunications equipment maker Lucent Technologies Inc., rebounding from multibillion dollar losses, reported a larger profit for its fourth fiscal quarter and recorded its first profitable year since 2000.
Savings to be spent caressing customer companies, apparently
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu has left London to spend two days in Rome seeing a Football Association psychiatrist. The Evening Standard says 25-year-old has agreed to seek professional help after confessing 
Your brilliant lead article entitled  #39;Of The Bullet, for the bullet, by the bullet #39; clearly sums up the whole truth about the Veerappan drama.
Israels Shin Bet security service has tightened protection of the prime minister, MPs and parliament ahead of next weeks crucial vote on a Gaza withdrawal.
Typhoon No. 23 is pounding the Japanese archipelago northward, leaving at least 13 people dead asof Wednesday afternoon. Twelve people were missing and more than 100 injured in 
The National Audubon Society #39;s State of the Birds report draws on data collected between 1966 and 2003 for 654 American bird species.
In his first interview since Ukraine held a disputed election, Leonid D. Kuchma blamed the candidates and external pressure.
 Three top Citigroup executives, including Vice Chairman  Deryck Maughan, are leaving the financial services giant in the  wake of a scandal at its Japanese private banking unit.
Lower rates, better choice. At SelectQuote, real licensed agents will find you the term life insurance coverage you need.
Advocates of a propulsion idea for spacecraft claim that it would enable a 90-day round trip to Mars.
In what could be its final quarterly financial update before filing for Chapter 11, Delta Air Lines Inc. has reported a net loss of \$646 million on \$3.
BOSTON The United States #39; top telecommunications regulator plans to protect fledgling Internet telephone services from being taxed and heavily regulated by the 50 state governments.
South Korea said on Tuesday it asked the United States to accept another year #39;s delay in the drafting of a divisive treaty banning human cloning to allow time for 
The trade that sent the greatest receiver in NFL history from the Oakland Raiders to the Seahawks was formally announced after the league trade deadline passed.
Chattanooga businessman Terry Nida has gone to Neyland Stadium in Knoxville to cheer on the University of Alabama football team since 1976.
Reuters - Casino operator MGM Mirage  on\Wednesday reported higher third-quarter earnings as tourism and\gambling at its Las Vegas resorts boomed.
Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. on Wednesday posted a higher third-quarter profit led by a big rebound in its aerospace segment.
For Sun CEO Scott McNealy, subscription-based pricing is the most interesting part of Sun s business moving forward. He claims that the model works.
The Australian Rugby Union invited Melbourne and Perth to bid for the country #39;s fourth Super 12 franchise from 2006 when the annual rugby competition expands to 14 teams.
AFP - Japanese electronics giant NEC Corp, said it has begun selling the world's fastest supercomputer.
MADRID, Spain Spanish authorities say the suspected leader of a Muslim cell plotted to blow up a truck outside the country #39;s National Court in downtown Madrid.
Plus: EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill...Nokia sees lower profit but strong sales.
Lucent Technologies #39; quarterly earnings rose sharply, helped by improvement in its wireless networks business and lower costs, the company said Wednesday.
A small number of zombie networks are responsible for all Internet phishing attacks worldwide, according to CipherTrust, the messaging security appliance firm.
TEHRAN - Iran said Wednesday it had test fired a more accurate version of its Shahab-3 missile, believed capable of hitting American bases in the Persian Gulf and Israel.
Cyber criminals could soon be mounting sophisticated phishing attacks that are hard to detect warn experts.
Reuters - What did Lord Nelson, Princess Diana and\Madonna all have in common apart from popularity?
The instrusive software accounts for 20 percent of support calls to Dell, an exec tells CNET News.com. That's up from 2 percent in 2003.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former world champion Irina Slutskaya  has suffered another setback to her preparations for a new  figure skating season after injuring her knee in practice.
\$150,000 mortgage for only \$550/month. Lower your mortgage - free quotes.
AP - Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.
Crude oil prices rose slightly Wednesday, reversing a two-day slide, as the market awaited the US government #39;s weekly petroleum supply report.
But the Reds boss could not argue with the quality of performance from his players, and afterwards claimed that it was the best Liverpool had played under his management.
Search company Google begins the global roll-out of an enterprise search tool that allows companies to "google" their own networks.
Bank of England policymakers did not even discuss raising interest rates earlier this month, raising the probability that borrowing costs will remain on 
Collins Stewart was seeking damages against the FT on an unprecedented basis when it claimed it should be compensated for the loss in its share price.
The Boston Red Sox have evened the American League Championship Series at three games apiece by beating the New York Yankees 4-to-2 in game six.
Greece is a safe destination, a modern European Country that organised technically excellent Olympic Games with a human dimension.
THE Australian Rugby Union has been swamped with inquiries from high-profile players here and overseas interested in joining the new Super 14 franchise in 2006.
The Dallas Cowboys today traded Antonio Bryant to the Cleveland Browns for Quincy Morgan. Both former second-round picks have shown flashes of being NFL stars.
A ceasefire in Sudan #39;s Darfur region is not holding, with reports of an aerial bombardment and attacks by rebels, the United Nations says.
AFP - Like most US Latinos, members of the extended Rodriguez family say they will cast their votes for Democrat John Kerry in next month's presidential polls.
Phone service that's available wherever there's a Net connection is approaching 2 million users.
com. Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday introduced its fastest desktop processor, heating up competition with rival chip maker Intel Corp.
Spinal and non-spinal fractures are reduced by almost a third in women age 80 or older who take a drug called strontium ranelate, European investigators announced 
Seattle, WA (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have reportedly found a replacement for Bob Melvin and are scheduled to name Mike Hargrove manager.
Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill believes victory in Ukraine would put his side back on course for a place in the Champions League knock-out stages.
Sydney - George Gregan gave Australian rugby a boost on Wednesday when he confirmed his availability for next month #39;s Wallaby tour to Europe.
Throughout their lives the 30-year-old twins Calvin and Alvin Harrison have done almost everything together. They were once homeless and lived together in a Ford Mustang coupe.
Aerospace and high-tech manufacturer Honeywell International Inc. on Wednesday reported an 8 percent increase in third-quarter profits behind double-digit growth in sales 
Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD) on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings surged 23 percent, led by a rebound in its Gulfstream business jet segment.
Blood soaked through his sock, but Curt Schilling paid it little attention. He had a game to worry about, and he hadn #39;t even taken the field.
The Conservatives have called for the Sports Minister Richard Caborn to make an urgent statement to the Commons on the future of the British Grand Prix.
AP - A large explosion shook Baghdad at sunset Wednesday, and a large plume of smoke could be seen rising from the western bank of the Tigris river.
Reuters - Even non-Americans can cast a vote in\the upcoming U.S. presidential election thanks to a Web site\tracking world opinion on the race for the White House.
The office said Hariri would not form the next government. The outgoing prime minister has led Lebanon for most of the time since the end of the civil war in 1990.
Iran said on Wednesday it had conducted tests on a more accurate version of the Shihab-3 missile, which is capable of reaching Israel.
Company denies the chip has been delayed, but many had expected it sooner.
AP - The New England Patriots placed rookie wide receiver P.K. Sam on injured reserve Wednesday because of a groin injury.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  and watch\maker Swatch   are offering wireless data watches with\faster information updates at lower prices than earlier models,\the companies said on Wednesday.
TORONTO (CP) - Cott Corp. lowered its 2004 profit target Wednesday as it announced a 14 per cent drop in quarterly profits and two small US acquisitions.
Shares in prime takeover target Southcorp jumped after Constellation Brands offered \$US970 million for Californian winemaker Robert Mondavi.
The long-standing tradition of licences - bought per seat and for a given period of time and version - is wearing out its welcome.
TOKYO - As many as 15 people were killed on Wednesday when Typhoon Tokage slammed into western Japan, bringing heavy rains and powerful winds.
AFP - NATO-led peacekeepers wounded a Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect in a shootout as they tried to arrest him, the peacekeepers said in a statement.
AP - Rich countries should do more to control global warming and help poorer nations cope with the effects of climate change, a coalition of aid and environmental groups said Wednesday.
WOOLWORTHS boss Roger Corbett may have opened his wallet for the last time in the bidding war for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality.
WHY are Telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?
TORONTO - Rising costs at its US operations pulled down third-quarter earnings at Cott Corp., the soft drink company reported Wednesday.
Oil prices flew back above \$54 a barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
The British Racing Drivers Club has called a board meeting in the hope of finding a way to revive talks to save the British Grand Prix.
Corruption costs businesses and governments more than 220 billion a year, with a number of oil producing states among the worst offenders, according to an international anti-graft watchdog.
India #39;s most notorious bandit, sought by police for almost 30 years, has been shot dead in an ambush by officers on his way to hospital.
Afghan interim President Hamid Karzai has been keeping on leading the ballot counting as he garnered 62.6 percent of the votes counted till Wednesday noon, Afghan election website said.
AP - Phoenix Coyotes goalie Brian Boucher signed to play for Swedish champion HV71 on Wednesday while the NHL lockout continues.
AP - Mike Hargrove was hired Wednesday to manage the Seattle Mariners and turn around the team after its worst season in 12 years.
OTTAWA - An indicator that gives an early look at Canada #39;s economic situation showed more signs of slowing in September, Statistics Canada said Wednesday.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair says his Government has made no decision on whether to send 650 troops in Iraq to relieve US forces in potentially more dangerous parts of the country.
An unidentified Sikh, wearing a head piece instead of a turban, enters his high school in Drancy, outside Paris, early Wednesday Oct. 20, 2004.
washingtonpost.com - The land of Internet calling may not be free of regulation for much longer.
PC World - Upcoming chip set will include built-in security features for your PC.
Defense conglomerate General Dynamics Corp. said Wednesday that earnings rose 23 percent in the third quarter to \$322 million, thanks to strong results across all its divisions.
The leader of the world's second biggest Anglican church attacks a report into the ordaining of gay bishops.
Long considered beyond the reach of mainland mores, the Florida city is trying to limit blatant displays of sexual behavior.
The numbers suggest a long-expected slowdown in PC sales growth is taking hold, but also that at least modest growth is possible well into the future since businesses, from small firms to large 
The feathered creatures winging across North America have an obvious gift that land-bound humans lack, but their survival is threatened by earthly concerns.
A rugged handheld that can withstand everyday use and abuse is sometimes needed among professionals. Symbol today added the new MC50 Windows Mobile 2003 SE devices to their line-up.
AFP - Disgraced Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu will undergo counselling in an effort to save his career after he tested positive for cocaine.
The Microsoft CEO says one way to stem growing piracy of Windows and Office in emerging markets is to offer low-cost computers.
Security software maker updates antivirus engine to plug hole that lets virus writers manipulate compressed files and avoid detection.
AFP - US Senator John McCain called for greater UN cooperation with a congressional probe of the Iraqi oil-for-food program, which he said "stinks to high heaven."
The good news? Your computer can now have a photographic memory. The bad news? Your computer can now have a photographic memory. This secretly sourced and powerfully protected photographic memory - actually 
WHAT if you could look at the world through only one window in your home, even though your place had other windows and other views?
I do a Google vanity search on myself about once a month to get a barometer on how, if at all, readers are reacting to and using my columns.
TONY JONES: Former general and security minister SBY has been sworn in as Indonesia #39;s sixth President at a ceremony at the parliamentary building in Jakarta.
Cambodia is celebrating the arrival of its first new monarch in 60 years, as King Norodom Sihamoni returns home to assume the throne abdicated by his ailing father.
AP - The European Commission on Wednesday ordered Spain's troubled state-owned shipbuilder Izar to repay  #36;702 million in government assistance.
AP - President Bush said Wednesday that Sen. John Kerry's views on national security are so misguided that the Democrat would be unable to defeat terrorism.
 SEATTLE (Sports Network) - The Seattle Mariners have  scheduled a Wednesday afternoon press conference to announce  Mike Hargrove as their new manager.
The new version of the operating system was built by Trusted Computer Solutions, which sells software to U.S. intelligence agencies.
AFP - Pakistani security forces arrested an Egyptian Al-Qaeda operative in the northwestern city of Peshawar bordering Afghanistan, a security official said.
nearly four times its losses from a year ago -- as the company again warned it needs pilots to take a massive \$1 billion 
Russia coach Georgy Yartsev will stay in charge for at least one more match despite the 7-1 defeat by Portugal in last week #39;s World Cup qualifier.
The EU's ten newest members must get their economies into shape if they are ever to join the euro, the European Central Bank and Commission warn.
Mike Hargrove was hired Wednesday to manage the Seattle Mariners and turn around the team after its worst season in 12 years.
XM Satellite Radio, baseball in \$650 million, 11-year deal
Delta Air Lines Inc., the thirdlargest airline in the United States, reported on Wednesday a wider loss in the third quarter ending on September 30 despite a rise in revenue.
Istanbul, the latest addition to Microsoft #39;s Office Live Communications Server, lets users communicate in real time using e-mail, IM or the phone regardless of application or location.
Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.
The highest-ranking US Army soldier accused of abusing prisoners at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq, has pleaded guilty to five charges.
GAZA CITY - Two Palestinian militants were shot dead by Israeli troops in the northern Gaza Strip on Tuesday, Palestinian security sources said.
washingtonpost.com - The bikini-clad coed draws a blank on the first question: "Which king in a deck of cards has no mustache?"
A number of signs point to increasing demand for tech workers, but not all the clouds have been driven away.
Retail giant will give TiVo wider retail distribution ahead of the holiday season.
\British doctors believe they have cured a boy of a rare blood disorder after transplanting cells from his baby brother.
The two Internet phone services reach customer milestones--a sign to some that VoIP no longer intimidates consumers.
Crude oil prices rose slightly Wednesday after falling for two straight days, as the market braced for a crucial US oil report that could presage a renewed upward move in prices.
Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. (GD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings surged 23 percent helped by a rebound of its 
The British boss of Citigroups international division is leaving the company in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan. Sir Deryck Maughan, 56, also a vice chairman 
Adrian Mutu has gone to Rome for two days after seeing a Football Association psychiatrist. Chelsea #39;s Romanian striker, who has flown abroad to clear his head as he attempts 
Bangladesh fought back to snare three wickets for 25 runs as New Zealand reached 133 for four at tea on the second day of the opening test yesterday.
CARE Internationals operations in Iraq remained suspended tonight as kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassans second day in captivity drew to a close with no word on her fate.
Israel #39;s chief of military staff has denounced leading rabbis for urging soldiers to defy orders to forcibly remove settlers from Gaza, The Telegraph reported.
CARE International suspended aid operations in Iraq after its country director Margaret Hassan, who has dual Iraqi and British nationality, was kidnapped, Grant Thomas, a spokesman for the organization said.
Iranian President Mohammad Khatami today rejected calls from European nations to halt a nuclear program, raising the odds that the UN Security Council will have to consider the matter as early as next month.
The family that controls cable giant Cox Communications Inc. (NYSE: COX) will take the company private after raising its offer to buy out shareholders to \$8.
Myanmar #39;s tough but pragmatic prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San 
British Prime Minister Tony Blair faced a revolt on Wednesday from lawmakers who demanded a parliamentary vote on a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq.
The African Union agrees to strenghten its force in Sudan's Darfur region from under 400 to more than 3,000.
AP - University of Massachusetts police arrested 35 people early Wednesday morning after the Red Sox tied the Yankees in the sixth game of the American League Championship Series.
After splashing out with Celine Dion concerts and parties for staff, it was as if Air Canada woke with a hangover Wednesday morning, when the reservation computer crashed.
All phishing attacks launched across the Internet come from one of just five networks of zombie PCs, according to research published by security firm CipherTrust this week.
The takeover battle for Manchester United Football Club (MUFC) is far from over, as Malcolm Glazer has again increased his share in the worlds richest football club.
Glenmorangie, one of Scotland's last remaining independent distillers, is to be bought by French drinks firm Moet Hennessy. 
AP - A federally funded group that promised flu shots on Election Day in six of South Carolina's poorest counties has drawn criticism from Republican leaders.
Gay bishop Gene Robinson has told the BBC he regrets the pain caused by his consecration but vows not to resign.
Toshiba will market laptops with HD-DVD drives by the end of next year, becoming one of the first manufacturers to commit to a next-generation DVD format.
The main oxygen generator aboard the International Space Station, which has been malfunctioning since last month, was partially repaired using spare parts that arrived last week.
Trusted Computer Solutions (TCS) Inc. officials are developing Trusted Linux, a highly secure version of Linux that will rival Unix in environments in which security is the highest priority.
The man who invented the small, long-lasting alkaline batteries that power Walkmans, Gameboys and other portable devices has died.
Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , left, arrives at the the presidential palace to submit his resignation to President Emil Lahoud Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2004.
Human genome researchers have said we have about 10,000 or 20,000 fewer genes than they originally estimated.
Major League Baseball has followed in the footsteps of the NFL and has signed a lucrative deal with a satellite radio company. So, whether you #39;re 
AP - Teresa Heinz Kerry says she doesn't know if first lady Laura Bush has ever had "a real job" and suggests their different experiences help make them different people.
AP - Frustrated with meager salaries that have not kept pace with inflation, teachers, doctors and other state employees rallied Wednesday across Russia to demand higher wages.
JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. third quarter profits fell 13 percent, mainly because of weakness in trading operations and costs related to its merger with Bank One.
A 45-minute outage at Air Canadas reservation computer during a busy period early this morning caused delays in departures from airports across Canada and in the United States.
Days away from ending a six-month mission in space, US astronaut Michael Fincke said on Wednesday he is looking forward to meeting his 4-month-old daughter.
All three had huge impacts Monday in a heart-stopping 3-0 victory sending the Astros back to St. Louis with a 3-2 edge in the National League Championship Series.
The Black Caps are on top after two days of the first cricket test against Bangladesh in Dhaka, a day highlighted by a hat-trick to James Franklin.
America #39;s US Olympic Committee is contesting a ruling which could cost Michael Johnson and his 4x400m relay colleagues gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
While waiting to clear the final hurdles for their pending \$41 billion merger, Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless reported their separate third-quarter results.
Chipmaker follows recent price cuts to the Pentium M line with a new top-of-the-range model that runs at 2.10GHz.
While software makers are planning to move more of their products to a subscription basis, 64 percent of the buyers surveyed still prefer the old way of doing things.
The diary of the dark days a Jewish teenager spent in a Nazi detention camp awaiting deportation has come to light in the Netherlands.
J.P. Morgan Chase   Company, the nation's second-largest bank, surprised Wall Street today with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings.
Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern says "all communication links" are being used to find out who is holding Margaret Hassan.
AP - Venezuela rejected criticism by a U.S. State Department spokesman of a proposed media law that government legislators are trying to approve in the National Assembly, said an official Wednesday.
SPACE.com - Earth's spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms \  a key prediction of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
SPACE.com - A military project aimed at building smarter robots has given researchers the wheels they need to make their automatons go.
Walt Disney Co. #39;s board of directors went on trial on Wednesday, on shareholder accusations that it merely rubberstamped a decision to hire Michael Ovitz and allowed 
US federal and state officials are investigating the hacking of a University of California, Berkeley, computer containing Social Security numbers and other personal data for more than 1 million state residents.
10/19/2004 -- Microsoft and Cisco are teaming up to share security information across products, an effort that should ultimately make offerings from both vendors more secure.
Owen scored the only goal of the game as Real Madrid beat Dynamo Kiev 1-0 at the Bernabeu to move level with Bayer Leverkusen and Kiev with six points.
Points: The Big East race is barely under way, but the winner of this matchup of teams with 1-0 league records takes sole possession of first place.
CARE chief, a Briton with dual citizenship, has worked in Iraq for 30 years. Mortar attack kills five Iraqi national guardsmen and hurts 80.
The highest ranking soldier charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleads guilty to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at the prison.
European commercial bank WestLB turns to Hewlett-Packard to manage its worldwide tech services.
Survey points to popularity in Europe, the Middle East and Asia of receivers that skip the pay TV and focus on free programming.
Accounting firm KPMG will pay \$10 million to settle charges of improper professional conduct while acting as auditor for Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.
The United Nations recently predicted that the use of robots around the home by consumers is set to surge sevenfold by 2007 as more and more people get robot-mania, CBSNews.
Bernie Ecclestone, the owner of the commercial rights to the Formula 1 (F1) world championship, has reportedly pulled the plug on the British Grand Prix.
It is the Yankees, not the "cursed" Red Sox, who have a chance for the worst October collapse in history.
The electronics maker will stop retailing its Linux handhelds in the United States, joining a retreat from the once-popular market.
Since before vice presidential candidate John Edwards brought attention to the South's vanished textile mills, ex-mill workers and historians have been working to save the mills' legacy.
Thirteen college students are traveling the U.S. by school bus to promote the use of "biodiesel," fuel made from vegetable oil such as that used in fast food restaurants.
AP - Newmont Mining Co. officials said Wednesday they are considering a lawsuit against Indonesian police over the jailing of five company executives during a pollution investigation.
AP - A new political strategy has emerged in this photo-finish presidential race: File a flurry of lawsuits before the first votes are even tallied.
Workers at an Opel car-producing factory Wednesday ended their six-day strike aimed at protesting General Motors #39; plan of massive layoffs in Germany.
Hewlett-Packard on Wednesday said it has received a \$500 million contract to provide global IT services for WestLB, a European commercial bank and financial services firm.
Treasury Secretary John Snow, in Florida for the fifth time this year, rebuffed suggestions on Wednesday he was using taxpayer dollars to fund trips to hotly contested electoral states.
Nebraska head coach Bill Callahan runs off the field at halftime of the game against Baylor in Lincoln, Neb., Saturday, Oct. 16, 2004.
One of the UK #39;s leading security consultants says the kidnapping of aid co-ordinator Margaret Hassan in Iraq may be the work of a new kidnap group.
20 October 2004 -- Great Britain, France, and Germany will reportedly offer Iran a last chance to avoid the threat of United Nations sanctions over its nuclear program.
AP - The Chicago Sun-Times averted a strike Wednesday with a last-minute contract deal that was reached as union reporters, copy editors and other news staff were prepared to walk out.
Kodak enjoys a rise in profits thanks to strong sales of digital cameras but its traditional film business continues to struggle.
AFP - Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson insisted that polls suggesting lukewarm African American support for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry will be proved wrong on election day.
The third-quarter losses loomed largest at Delta Air Lines Inc., which faces bankruptcy unless it can quickly win concessions from its pilots and debt holders.
What do Internet Explorer, Mozilla's browsers, and Opera all have in common? Bugs.
The millennial computer glitch is belatedly pushing companies to dump outdated gear for new VoIP systems.
The disk drive maker has unveiled three palm-sized portable hard drives.
AP - Pittsburgh Steelers nose tackle Casey Hampton and backup safety Mike Logan are out for the season with injuries.
Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - A former justice of the peace on trial for sexual  assault admitted Wednesday to getting a female courthouse worker to touch his penis.
Much of the country has seemed riveted by the American League Championship Series matchup of the Boston Red Sox versus the New York Yankees.
AP - An income tax benefit narrowed Computer Associates International Inc's loss dramatically in the second quarter.
Iran says it is ready to offer new proposals to meet international concern about its nuclear programme.
AP - Jacksonville tight end Kyle Brady feels a little like Frankenstein's monster.
Exemplified by the Guardian's 'pen pal' campaign, Europeans are seeking a voice in the presidential election.
Cheap and adaptable, pre-recorded lectures are drawing interest from educators in the US and Central America.
The diary of a teenage Holocaust victim writing to her boyfriend in 1943 has come to light in the Netherlands.
The IMF says unrest in Haiti forces it to postpone talks on an emergency loan for the stricken country.
AFP - The new prime minister of military-ruled Myanmar was directly behind an attack on opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her convoy last year, the United States charged.
Deportivo Coruna believe that with home games against Liverpool and Monaco still to come they can recover from a poor start in the Champions League to qualify for the knockout stages of the competition.
The postwar reconstruction of Iraq could be ruined by rampant corruption, an international survey said on Wednesday. The survey, an annual list of countries held to be the most corrupt in their business dealings 
Eight Muslim terrorists planning to detonate a 1,100-pound bomb near a federal court in Madrid have been arrested, Spanish officials say.
AP - Ken Griffey Jr. walked down the practice range Wednesday morning and stopped to watch Vijay Singh, two world-class athletes with not much else in common.
Olympic bronze medalist Alicia Molik upset sixth-seeded Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 5-7, 6-2 to reach the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Wednesday.
Former Washington coach Rick Neuheisel was cleared of wrongdoing by the NCAA Wednesday for gambling in a college basketball pool, but the university had its probation extended two years.
AP - The Atlanta Falcons tried Wednesday to stifle speculation about Rod Coleman's mysterious car wreck.
Online auctioneer eBay Inc. said Wednesday that third-quarter earnings rose 77 percent on strong demand and more active users, but guided below expectations for 2005.
AP - Someday, Jeff Garcia and Terrell Owens may connect again.
State officials say it #39;s not clear if names and Social Security numbers were accessed or stolen but urge individuals to take precautions against identity theft.
Australia #39;s Alicia Molik has caused an upset in the second round of the WTA tournament in Zurich, beating sixth-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger insisted he was not disappointed to only gain a point from his sides Champions League tie with Panathinaikos.
com. XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. on Wednesday said it has signed an 11-year, \$650 million deal to broadcast Major League Baseball games beginning with the 2005 season.
Delta Air Lines makes a \$646m quarterly loss, increasing pressure on the airline as it attempts to ward off insolvency.
AP - The only NFL franchise to achieve a perfect season now has the league's lone winless team.
Company pushes back third beta program of database to early next year; says final product is on track for next summer.
Microsoft and watch maker Swatch say they are offering a new line of wireless data watches, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
Poland striker Emmanuel Olisadebe came off the bench to earn Panathinaikos a 2-2 draw with Arsenal with a late equaliser in their Champions League Group E match.
Striker Ivan Klasnic scored twice as Werder Bremen came from behind to beat Anderlecht 2-1 away in their Champions League Group G match on Wednesday.
The UN says Fiji has become the first nation to offer troops specifically to protect its staff in Iraq.
EBay, the world's largest online marketplace, today posted a quarterly profit that rose 77 percent from a year ago, fueled by growth in its international and PayPal businesses.
AP - After loss last year, business software company Siebel Systems Inc. turned to a profit in its third quarter , helped by smaller restructuring expenses.
IBM is the latest company to join the Liberty Alliance, a global consortium led by Sun Microsystems that is working to develop standards for managing user identities.
As part of the deal with German financial services provider WestLB AG, about 450 bank workers will move to HP.
Wavelink Managed Security allows a company to centrally deploy WPA client software and policies across multiple devices and supports a range of major authentication standards.
The decision follows other moves by the IT services and hardware vendor  to embrace LInux.
If you use shared or public computers, you have a new privacy risk to consider: Google Desktop Search.\
The fastest Power Mac yet may still be hard to find in stores, but Online News Editor Ken Mingis finds that if you really need speed, you won't be disappointed.
Company says Triad provides modules for behavior scoring, Champion-Challenger strategy testing, and authorizations, credit limit and delinquent collections management.
A computer hacker accessed names and Social Security numbers of about 1.4 million Californians after breaking into a computer system at the University of California, Berkeley in August.
October 20, 2004 - Yesterday, World Wrestling Entertainment announced it has filed suit against a number of parties regarding alleged bribery in the attainment of WWE license rights.
A joint UN-industry study says investment in industrial robots has increased by double digits to the highest level ever recorded. The Geneva-based UN Economic Commission 
NEW YORK: Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering wireless data watches with faster information updates. And, all this at lower prices, the companies said on Wednesday.
90 mins Arsenal #39;s woes on their travels in Europe continue as they fail to secure the win, settling for a draw against a well organised Panathinaikos.
AP - Buffalo Bills safety Lawyer Milloy is prepared to make his season debut at Baltimore this weekend after missing seven weeks with a broken right forearm.
Hoping to keep more internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
AP - Jets guard Pete Kendall has a unique appreciation for the record streak the New England Patriots are on.
Dual-core processors to be considered single chip, company says.
Brazilian officials expressed optimism Wednesday that they would reach agreement with United Nations inspectors over the country's contested plans to enrich uranium.
The keyboard is mightier than the whiteboard at an emergency room in the Bronx where the use of computers is now a staple.
A surprising number of items on eBay are available for just one cent. So where is the profit? (Hint: Watch those shipping charges.)
A California software developer turns instant message windows into a platform for video games.
Two friends created a constellation of 14 Web sites devoted to all fictional things squip: squip news, squip viruses, even squip detractors.
CHARLES PRINCEs decision to oust three very senior executives demonstrated that the heir to Sandy Weills empire is finally running the show.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
Dual-core microprocessors won #39;t mean doubled software license fees, according to an announcement by Microsoft and Advanced Micro Devices Inc.
Problems with ground equipment are expected to delay a test launch of a new Russian rocket designed to ferry cargo to the International Space Station.
AP - Web sites for President Bush's campaign and the Republican National Committee suffered outages for several hours on Wednesday.
Roberto Mancinis side edged closer to the next stage of the Champions League after crashing Valencia to a humiliating 5-1 result in Spain.
Senior officials from France, Britain and Germany will meet Iranian counterparts Thursday to issue Tehran with an incentive-backed last chance to end uranium enrichment plans or face possible UN sanctions.
Computer Associates International reported a six percent increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said Wednesday.
Comparing the state of security in 1994 versus 2004, has anything really changed over the course of ten years?
The 0.2 percent increase in the September consumer price index compares with a 0.1 percent rise in August, according to the Labor Department.
AP - Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan stayed perfect on Wednesday as the Champions League group stage reached the halfway mark.
AP - The former Baylor basketball player accused of gunning down a teammate will be sent to a state mental hospital for treatment before he can be tried for murder, a judge said Wednesday.
A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the number of expected human genes sharply downward.
Microsoft (MSFT) and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.
Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri said he could do little more than salute opponents Inter Milan after their crushing 5-1 victory over his side at the Mestalla on Wednesday.
AFP - Britain may send up to 1,300 extra troops to Iraq to help stabilize the country before scheduled elections there in January, The Times newspaper reported.
AP - Peyton Manning tied an NFL record set by John Unitas in 1959 with his 12th straight game with at least two touchdowns to open a season.
Software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue, but missed analyst expectations.
It #39;s called the book of life but mice, and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are missing, scientists said Wednesday.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
SBC Communications taps the French telecom equipment maker to upgrade its network with fiber-optic technology.
Optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
Three more Muslim girls are expelled from school in France after defying the new law banning headscarves.
A law suit against the Walt Disney Co. over 140 million dollars paid to former president Michael Ovitz started, seven years after shareholders brought the action.
SANTA CLARA, Calif.--The business of selling software is due for an extreme makeover, industry executives said at the SoftSummit conference .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was disappointed by their failure to hold on to the lead in their 2-2 Champions League draw with Panathinaikos on Wednesday.
Gavin Reynolds (Rochester, NY) 10/20/04 - Satellite radio was launched just two years go and already 2.5 million people subscribe.
HEAVYWEIGHT contender Mark Latham lost the biggest fight of his life but his ladder of opportunity still lives in the career of Kostya Tszyu.
AdWeek.com - The U.S. Department of Justice is scheduled to respond this week to a lawsuit claiming restrictions on online gaming ads violate First Amendment protections of free speech.
PC World - Optical links will be cheaper, quieter, and smaller than copper ribbons, company says.
NEW DELHI: More than a decade of reforms has not helped India shake off the perception that it #39;s amongst the most corrupt business environments.
TEHRAN: Talks and negotiations are the only way to resolve Irans nuclear standoff with the West, Iranian President Mohammad Khatami said on Wednesday.
Despite a growing software industry revolution in favor of subscription-style pricing arrangements, most enterprise software buyers prefer the traditional approach of buying a one-time license, a newly released report indicates.
Mike Lamb had not started any of the Houston Astros #39; first 10 playoff games, so he was somewhat surprised when he saw his name on the lineup card prior to Game 6 of 
BERLIN: A global corruption index released by watchdog organisation Transparency International has ranked Pakistan along with Kenya and Iraq 129th in a perceived corruption index of 146 countries.
LONDON - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has come under fire over the way his government is handling a US request to redeploy 650 British troops in Iraq.
Could this be an end to broken links? New software replaces and updates links on Web pages.
A New York City group creates a kit so that anyone with an old computer can create a wireless access point.
SX-8 system estimated to be almost twice as fast as IBM titleholder.
BOCHUM, Germany The General Motors plant here resumed production on Wednesday after workers voted to end a six-day walkout sparked by the threat of thousands of job cuts.
Three US airlines reported losses on Wednesday as higher jet-fuel prices and stiff competition from low-cost rivals compounded their many difficulties since the 2001 terror attacks.
PARIS Gucci Group, the Italian luxury goods company, said Wednesday that it had dismissed Giacomo Santucci as chief executive of its Gucci brand business.
JENSON BUTTON will drive for BAR Honda next year after lawyers last night stopped him from walking out on the team for their rivals, BMW-Williams.
The US Olympic Committee is contesting an international ruling that could cost Michael Johnson and the rest of the US 1,600-meter relay team their gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
PC World - SX-8 system estimated to be almost twice as fast as IBM titleholder.
AMERICA #39;s chief communications regulator will seek broad regulatory authority for the US federal government over internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.
Lehmann, who was at fault in two matches in the tournament last season, was blundering again with the German set to take the rap for both Greek goals.
The US Olympic Committee is contesting an international ruling which could cost Michael Johnson and the rest of the US 1,600-meter relay team their gold medals from the Sydney Olympics.
Israel has mounted a political campaign based on lies against the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), alleging that it has aided Palestinian terrorists.
Analysts #39; assessments came after Intel announced last week that it was scrapping plans to develop a 4-gigahertz version of its Pentium 4 chip.
October 20, 2004 - A lawsuit by shareholders against the Walt Disney Company looks like it #39;ll have all the trappings of a high-profile Hollywood legal drama.
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Rod Coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped his luxury vehicle, authorities said Wednesday.
Mike Hargrove, who has 13 seasons of managerial experience with the Orioles and Cleveland Indians, agreed to a three-year deal with Seattle.
The state of California has warned residents that their personal data may have been stolen from computers at the University of California, Berkeley, after a database used by researchers there was compromised by hackers.
AP - The Pro Bowl will remain in Hawaii through 2009 after the state and the NFL reached agreement on a new contract Wednesday.
AFP - Embattled Minnesota Timberwolves player Eddie Griffin was suspended for the first three games of the 2004-05 season, the National Basketball Association announced.
Ann Heidig fulfilled a dream when she started her own winery in Central Virginia. She produces only 5,000 cases of wine a year -oo few to attract a wholesale 
AP - Chuck Hiller, who hit the National League's first grand slam in the World Series, has died. He was 70.
ALCOHOL bans and curfews could be the answer to lagging living standards for Aborigines, Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday.
AFP - Major Japanese computer maker Toshiba Corp. said it is aiming to sell laptop computers loaded with its next generation DVD drive by next year.
AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Rod Coleman swerved to avoid a deer and flipped his luxury vehicle, authorities said Wednesday, finally revealing details of a mysterious wreck last weekend.
Time to call the credit bureaus? Almost 1.4 million records containing the personal information of Californians likely stolen.
LONDON: Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a barrel yesterday as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
MAN may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released today.
DHAKA - It took James Franklin less than 10 minutes to achieve what a New Zealand cricketer hasn #39;t been able to master in 28 years.
Andre Agassi returned to action with a 7-6, 6-3, victory over Belarussian Max Mirnyi to reach the third round of the Madrid Masters on Tuesday.
AP - No. 84 was back at practice for the Minnesota Vikings on Wednesday.
AP - Scientists have completed another round of tests on a process that would turn nuclear waste stored in underground tanks at the Hanford nuclear site into glass for long-term disposal.
The NCAA has granted the academic waiver petition of Syracuse junior guard Billy Edelin, making him immediately eligible to play for the Orange.
Retired Miami tailback Ricky Williams and his attorney have scheduled a meeting with the NFL to discuss the possibility of the former Heisman trophy winner's return.
Marsh  amp; McLennan, the US insurance broker accused of rigging the market to win bogus fees from customers, yesterday warned lines of credit from lenders 
European Union finance ministers failed early Thursday to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they are threatening economic growth.
AP - Dan Miceli hardly had to turn around to watch the flight of the ball. The sound coming off Jim Edmonds' bat was all too familiar.
It appears software vendors and their customers are at opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to newfangled licensing techniques.
Syracuse, NY (Sports Network) - Syracuse junior point guard Billy Edelin has been granted the academic waiver petition by the NCAA, making him eligible to play immediately for the Orange.
At least 21 people were dead Wednesday as massive Typhoon Tokage churned north across the Japanese archipelago after hitting Kochi Prefecture.
roundup Plus: RealNetworks loss widens on litigation...SmartDisk expands hard-drive line...Target to sell TiVo DVRs.
In promoting the disengagement plan, that confrontational man, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has already caused great suffering, anger and destruction - just look at the tremendous commotion already happening.
Google has just introduced its latest invention: software that applies its search technology to what is on your own hard drive.
Reuters - A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine\in central China has killed 56 people and left 100 missing, the\Xinhua news agency said Thursday.
Citigroup, the global banking company, yesterday ousted three of its most senior executives in an attempt to restore its battered reputation in Japan.
The boss of the Gucci fashion label was fired abruptly yesterday - just one day after a US fashion magazine claimed he was preparing to resign.
HIT Entertainment, the company behind children #39;s television character Bob the Builder, fired its chief executive yesterday and warned of a difficult trading environment next year.
AP - Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
The most significant comment on yesterday #39;s decision by the formula one contracts recognition board about Jenson Button came in the Williams team #39;s official press release.
JAKARTA, Indonesia -- Indonesia #39;s new president has named a cabinet line up that includes several surprise choices, appointing professionals and several women to key posts.
A report on the US request to send British troops to an area near Baghdad is set to come before Cabinet.
AP - President Bush and John Kerry began October neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of the  #36;75 million in government money they received to cover campaign costs.
Qwest Communications has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle a wide-ranging fraud investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission, The Associated Press has learned.
Eight suspected terrorists arrested in Spain this week were planning to bomb the national court in Madrid, police said yesterday. The suicide attack on the building, a nerve 
Jim Edmonds attacked an 0-1 pitch in the bottom of the 12th inning and sent a majestic drive to right field that beat the Houston Astros, 6-4.
 quot;The only possible source for adequate support of our medical schools and medical research is the taxing power of the Federal Government.
But, no, it was no hallucination. The Icelander really had tucked away a 45th-minute header for his first goal since the opening day of the season against Manchester United.
The U.S.-led occupation authority's disbanding of the Iraqi Army over a year ago casts a shadow over the occupation.
U2 is hoping consumers will find what they are looking for this fall--in the form of a special-edition Apple iPod loaded with the band #39;s new album.
Chris Bosh had 23 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Toronto Raptors to an 86-83 preseason win over Benetton Treviso on Wednesday night.
Thousands of people in the south Indian city of Chennai have turned out for the funeral of the country #39;s most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan.
THE Milanese giants flexed their considerable muscles last night, both gaining impressive victories in the Champions League. AC Milan won the glamour clash with Barcelona thanks to Andrei Shevchenkos 31st 
Those were a handful of observations made Wednesday by New England Coach Bill Belichick, not about his Patriots, winners of 20 straight games, but about the Jets, the surprising owners 
AT LEAST 18 people were killed and 13 others missing yesterday as a powerful storm lashed Japan causing deadly mudslides, flash floods and prompting thousands to flee their homes.
Iran has offered Europe a compromise plan to resolve a stand-off over its nuclear programme as its president vowed to continue developing Iranian nuclear technology.
A gas explosion in a crowded coal mine in central China has killed at least 56 people and left scores missing, the Xinhua news agency said Thursday.
Home Office figures are expected to show a rise in firearms offences, but a fall in the number of deaths.
The Bison have won four consecutive games, their longest winning streak since 1998, and are anxious to take on defending MEAC champion North Carolina A T on Saturday night.
The U.N. has not sent enough election workers to help monitor elections scheduled for January, Iraq's foreign minister charged.
U.S. soldiers in Iraq are largely supportive of President Bush, but they also expressed widespread pessimism about the war.
Miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances, the television.
A mutant form of political animation born of the marriage of video games and Dada photomontage has been gaining ground on the Internet since Sept. 11, 2001.
Coca-Cola will open its fridges to its rivals after it reached a landmark antitrust settlement on Tuesday with the European Union, China Radio International reported on Thursday.
The highest-ranking Army reservist charged in the Abu Ghraib scandal pleaded guilty on Wednesday to eight counts of abusing prisoners and described in graphic 
The S.E.C. is examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors as a way of manipulating earnings.
Auditors must pay attention to what Wall Street thinks is important about a company #39;s performance and consider those figures no matter how small they are, the Securities and Exchange Commission 
Malaysia Airports Holding Ltd. and an Indian partner will jointly bid to redevelop and operate New Delhi #39;s Indira Gandhi International Airport, a newspaper reported Thursday.
John Terry made up for Chelsea #39;s attacking deficiencies by scoring in a third straight Champions League match and helping shut out CSKA Moscow in a 2-0 win.
Val Ackerman, the president of the Women's National Basketball Association since its inception, has decided to step down beginning next year.
Samsung is turning up the heat in the mobile camera phone market with the introduction of the world #39;s first mobile phone with a 5-megapixel camera onboard.
PREDICTIONS that the housing bubble has finally burst were confirmed yesterday by figures revealing the first year-on-year drop in mortgage lending for four years.
NEW YORK After being stymied by Boston starter Derek Lowe for six innings, the New York Yankees struck for two runs against Pedro Martinez in a rare relief appearance.
Jenson Button has lost out in his bid to switch from BAR to Williams after the Formula One Contract Recognition Board decided he had to stay at his current team.
The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback tonight as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.
In just a week, fans in Boston have experienced emotions ranging from despair to elation as the Red Sox come back to win four straight games and advance to the World Series.
AP - Johnny Damon stayed positive throughout the AL championship series, confident he would break out of his terrible slump.
Insurance commissioners nationwide, including those from Virginia, Maryland and the District, waded into the growing industry scandal yesterday, holding a teleconference to coordinate 
With eBay #39;s stock lingering near an all-time high of \$96.60, investors have been holding their collective breath since the third quarter closed Sept.
KPMG LLP yesterday agreed to pay \$10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the firm and four accountants engaged in improper professional conduct, leading to repeated 
Earth #39;s spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms a key prediction of Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity.
Tim Henman is well aware of the potential damage which his next opponent Ivan Ljubicic could cause in the third round of the Madrid Masters Series.
BEIJING - At least 56 workers were killed and nearly 100 were missing feared dead after one of the worst coal mine disasters in Chinas recent history, officials said Thursday.
With a barrage of four home runs the Boston Red Sox eliminated the Yankees with a 10-3 victory in Game 7 of the A.L.C.S. at Yankee Stadium.
The Slap. That is what most of New England will gleefully remember about Alex Rodriguez now that the Boston Red Sox have shocked the Yankees.
com. Major League Baseball has expanded its availability to fans everywhere in yet another important way, announcing on Wednesday an 11-year, \$650 million agreement with XM Satellite Radio 
THE Australian Government might help plead for the release of kidnapped CARE Australia worker Margaret Hassan, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said today.
AP - Quentin Richardson scored 16 points and Joe Johnson had 14, leading the undefeated Phoenix Suns to their fourth exhibition victory, 108-67 Wednesday night over the undermanned Utah Jazz.
Travelers on the road from proprietary to open source software won #39;t be driving on an Interstate. Enterprise open source deployments are still uncommon enough that companies 
PARIS Two Muslim girls who refuse to remove their head scarves in school are being expelled for violating a law banning religious symbols from schools.
 Lucrative Defense Department contracts, gained partly through acquisitions, helped boost CACI International Inc.'s first-quarter revenue and profit.
 Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. reported a 23 percent jump in profit in its third quarter yesterday despite escalating costs on a contract to build commercial oil tankers.
Computershare Ltd shares have soared after its acquisition of leading American registry group EquiServe which pushed the Melbourne-based company onto the world stage.
distribute 100 million copies of Windows XP Service Pack 2 within two months of the critical security update #39;s release. On Wednesday, Microsoft declared success.
His bullpen had already squeezed out 8 2/3 shutout innings and Dan Miceli was still available, making it logical for Houston Astros manager Phil Garner to take a chance 
SGI begins work on an open-source version of a development tool for high-performance computing programmers.
Reuters - The stationary life of\acclaimed British sitcom "The Office" is taking flight in a DVD\promotional campaign with United Airlines beginning next month.
Sun adds several business partners to a plan to offer supercomputing centers that customers can pay to use according power consumed.
Disney reached a deal on Wednesday to sell its struggling nationwide chain of retail stores to the Children #39;s Place, the children #39;s clothing merchant.
Earth #39;s spin warps space around the planet, according to a new study that confirms a key prediction of Einstein #39;s general theory of relativity.
With yesterday #39;s report on its athletic department violations completed, the University of Washington says it is pleased to be able to move forward.
AFP - Australian customs officers will launch a 24-hour strike from midnight Thursday, disrupting traffic into the nation's major air and sea ports, union leaders said.
A senior work safety official saidhere Thursday morning that there is slim hope for the 148 trapped coal miners in central China #39;s coal mine blast to be rescued alive.
Trump Hotels has reached a preliminary agreement with its investors to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, fending off a possible bankruptcy filing.
The nation's second-largest bank attributing the weaker performance to poor results in fixed-income trading.
roundup Plus: SGI works on Linux performance software...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung...RealNetworks loss widens on litigation.
Holders Porto face an uphill struggle to qualify, plus a round-up of Wednesday's Champions League action.
The Aeros got a painful reminder of the prowess of a pair of their former teammates Wednesday night. They saw two of their former players combine for a goal and two assists 
Typhoon No. 23 has killed at least 48 people and left 33 missing as of Thursday noon, the NHK TV station of Japan reported Thursday.
Software maker Siebel Systems Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter results swung to a profit on improved licensing revenue. The company reported earnings of \$19.
Vijay Singh #39;s next milestone on his record rise atop the PGA Tour #39;s money list should be as easy to reach as loose change under the sofa cushions.
The Boston Red Sox are going to the World Series, and the Yankees aren't, because Joe Torre selected the wrong pitchers and Terry Francona chose the right pitcher.
AP - Kevin Brown had a chance to claim a place in Yankees postseason history with his start in Game 7 of the AL championship series.
Directors of the Walt Disney Company went on trial Wednesday on shareholder accusations that they rubber-stamped a decision by the chief executive, Michael D. Eisner 
European Union finance ministers failed early today to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices, despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they were threatening economic growth.
The incoming European Commission president is to meet parliament heads to defuse the crisis over his proposed justice commissioner.
Exports from Japan hit their highest level for more than 50 years in September, but rising oil prices and imports could spell trouble ahead.
Surgeons completed a kidney transplant Wednesday in what is believed to be the first operation where the donor and recipient met through a commercial Web site.
Facing a major parliamentary vote next week on a plan for Israelis to withdraw from the Gaza Strip, Israeli opposition leader Shimon Peres 
Corruption is rampant in sixty countries of the world and the public sector continues to be plagued by bribery, says a report by a respected global corruption watchdog.
California #39;s insurance regulator has unveiled new rules to prevent brokers from taking secret commissions to steer customers to certain policies.
Major US airlines yesterday reported heavy third quarter losses, under pressure from record fuel prices and fierce competition with budget carriers.
Mortgage lending has declined for the second consecutive month as a result of the slowing housing market, says the Council of Mortgage Lenders.
Kid #39;s clothing retailer Children #39;s Place agreed to buy Disney #39;s 313 North American retail stores, the companies said yesterday.
Household spending in France, Europe #39;s third-largest economy, unexpectedly fell in September, hurt by unemployment and rising oil prices.
Thomas M. Donahue, one of the country #39;s leading space and planetary scientists and a pioneer of space exploration, died Saturday of complications following heart surgery.
\Terror suspects held at the US military base at Guantanamo Bay must be allowed to meet privately with their lawyers, a federal judge has ruled.
You're probably a stock market investor if you feel sure the past five years have been dragging on for at least a decade.
Citigroup Inc. , the financial services giant, said yesterday that it was removing three senior executives in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan.
California's top insurance regulator said yesterday that he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.
It came to this: A tumultuous 243 days after they began to gather for spring training, the Red Sox last night had a chance to change history.
Mike Hargrove knows just what he's getting into as the new manager of the last-place Seattle Mariners.
ST. LOUIS -- Don't look now, but there's a bit of drama building in the  quot;other quot; League Championship Series.
They had just been on the bottom side of the greatest el foldo in major league baseball playoff history. Maybe at some point down the road, that will irk the Yankees.
It wasn't the eighth inning of a Game 7 in Yankee Stadium with the Sox clinging to a lead, but it was close.
Rookie cornerback Randall Gay has had increased playing time the last two weeks in sub packages against the pass, and Ty Law has taken notice.
Following the Celtics' 95-92 loss to the Bulls Tuesday night, Ricky Davis scanned the box score and shook his head.
Citigroup Inc., the financial services giant, said yesterday that it was removing three senior executives in the wake of a banking scandal in Japan.
Delta Air Lines will virtually eliminate its hub in Dallas that once was key to its long-term strategy. American Airlines will shutter its operations at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Bohemia.
THE clan Macdonald are in line for a 150m windfall following the sale of the world-renowned Scotch whisky maker to Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy.
Authorities are trying to determine how a hacker gained access to a University of California computer that contained personal information for up to 600,000 state residents.
A new and perhaps final report from the international consortium of laboratories that decoded the human genome has revised the estimated number of human genes sharply downward.
He was the 19th-century version of a performance artist, a buckskin-clad faux-frontiersman whose lean and hungry look set drawing-room society all atwitter.
Japan-based tire manufacturer Bridgestone plans to release a monochrome paper-thin display for use as tags, according to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News.
Adrian Mutu has been accused of getting carried away with his fame and fortune by the president of the Romanian Football Association.
THE OFFER: Britain, France and Germany are offering Iran a trade agreement and the chance to buy nuclear fuel in exchange for a promise to suspend enrichment of uranium.
TOKYO Yahoo Japan, which operates Japan #39;s most visited Web portal, said Wednesday that profit rose 46 percent during its fiscal second quarter as it sold more advertising.
The founders of Google Inc., Sergey Brin and Larry Page, flew to Tokyo this week to set up a research and development center and other projects in Japan.
Nearly a third of North America #39;s birds are in significant decline, signaling degrading environmental conditions and leaving some Florida species hard-hit, according to a report released this week.
The computer maker and a nonprofit organization have launched a project to teach people about spyware and how to avoid it. By Thomas Claburn.
Wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum scored his maiden test century on Thursday to put New Zealand in control of the first test against Bangladesh.
France has quietly begun expelling Muslim girls who wear head scarves to public schools in defiance of a new law banning conspicuous religious symbols.
US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Michael Powell is calling for a hands-off regulatory approach to Voice over IP (VoIP) and has vowed to try to take regulatory control 
If it seems quiet in your back yard these days, it #39;s probably because so many species of birds have flown the coop, bound south on their migratory journeys.
Tim Henman faces a tough task when he meets big-serving Croatian Ivan Ljubicic in the third round of the Madrid Masters on Thursday morning.
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has reportedly lost patience with Silverstone #39;s owners and has moved to have the 2005 British GP scrapped from the calendar.
Inter Milan, AC Milan and Chelsea all virtually sealed their places in the knockout phase of the Champions League on Wednesday by maintaining 100 percent starts with their third successive victories.
The Cabinet is to discuss plans to send soldiers from the Black Watch to support American forces around Baghdad, amid reports that more British troops could soon be on their way to Iraq.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has reacted to a barrage of criticism from politicians, analysts and national newspapers for considering a US request to deploy troops in Baghdad.
Jenson Button is still planning a return to Williams despite being told yesterday he cannot drive for them in 2005. Button had wanted to return to Williams, where he started his Formula One 
Inter Milan, Chelsea and AC Milan maintained their perfect records on Wednesday in the European Champions League group stage on Wednesday.
AFP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai is on course for a clear victory in the country's historic election, with more than half the votes counted.
The FTSE 100 index has reclaimed some of its recent losses, led higher by BHP Billiton and Allied Domecq after upbeat news from both.
When Smarty Jones was retired following the Triple Crown, it took some sizzle out of the racing scene. But one doesn #39;t have to be an insider to appreciate the 
Former Washington football coach Rick Neuheisel looked forward to a return to coaching Wednesday after being cleared by the NCAA of wrongdoing related to his gambling on basketball games.
Britain could send more troops to Iraq before next January #39;s elections, a senior military commander said today. Military chiefs are reported to have 
Auction site eBay is enjoying continued growth thanks to increased global sales and the success of PayPal.
Brazilian police say they have arrested more than 50 hackers who stole \$30m through internet fraud.
The supermarket group Morrisons today revealed that Safeway #39;s performance had continued to decline, with like-for-like sales 7.9 per cent lower in the first half.
BASEBALL Seattle (AL): Named Mike Hargrove manager and agreed to terms on a three-year contract.
At the time, the decision to start Kevin Brown seemed to make the most sense. It turned out to be an unmitigated disaster.
Reuters - A roadside bomb exploded in southern\Afghanistan, wounding three U.S. soldiers and an Afghan\interpreter, the U.S. military said on Thursday.
HUMANS may have as few as 20,000 genes, just a fraction of previous estimates, an international consortium of scientists say in a report to be released on Thursday.
AFP - Australia's most populous state has announced it will give counter-terrorism police increased powers to carry out covert surveillance to help them break up extremist cells.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - After their epic comeback against the  New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox can now lift a curse  hanging over them for more than 80 years.
InformationWeek: A Desktop Pipeline reviewer invites readers to step into the SP2 waters, and offers some suggestions on how to do it as safely as possible.
Williams have refused to give up on signing Jenson Button to drive for them, but admitted that they will have to wait until 2006 before he joins the team.
Former Tour de France green jersey Baden Cooke pulled out of the Herald-Sun Tour of Victoria on Tuesday, citing problems with his back.
Appeals court judges hear from Slobodan Milosevic's lawyers, who want  the ex-Yugoslav president to defend himself.
Fatal Attraction star Glenn Close is to join US police drama The Shield, according to reports in Hollywood.
The makers of the best-selling Grand Theft Auto games are "aggressively pursuing" the pirates who leaked the latest version of the series.
The Romanian international, who failed a random drug test and has admitted taking cocaine, flies back into England from Rome today for more talks with his employers.
Claudio Ranieri #39;s honeymoon at Valencia is over after they were thrashed 5-1 at home by Inter Milan in the Champions League last night.
and exciting - days on this year #39;s Malaysia Airlines Herald Sun Tour of Provincial Victoria, the lead has swapped hands again, with Bicycle Superstore teammates 
Southern Utah University received an  quot;F quot; grade Wednesday from the Black Coaches Association for the way it hired its most recent head football coach, Wes Meier.
Typhoon Tokage, the biggest tropical storm to hit Japan in more than a decade, killed as many as 57 people as it destroyed homes and caused mudslides.
LONDON, England -- Prince Harry was hit in the face by a camera during an overnight scuffle outside a nightclub that left a photographer with a cut lip.
Scams using premium phone rate lines are getting out of control, the Trading Standards Institute says.
The DHL parcel delivery service said Thursday it was pulling its intercontinental hub - and thousands of jobs - out of Belgium because authorities refused to accept an increase in noisy night flights.
The oral contraceptive pill may protect women from heart disease and some cancers, scientists suggest.
Burma's military has cancelled talks with the Karen rebel group just days after dismissing the prime minister.
Shares in Hong Kong were mostly higher Thursday as gains by mainland stocks outweighed losses in property issues. The Hang Seng Index added 16.
The makers of the best-selling Grand Theft Auto games are  quot;aggressively pursuing quot; the pirates who leaked a copy of the latest version of the game.
Symantec Corp, the global leader in info security, today announced record revenue growth for the fiscal second quarter. The September quarter marked another period of record performance for Symantec.
AP - People are plundering the world's resources at a pace that outstrips the planet's capacity to sustain life, the environmental group WWF said Thursday.
A puffer fish genome sequence sheds light on human biology, and tells a twisted evolutionary story. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Samarra is hit by its first major attack since US-led forces recaptured the town from insurgents three weeks ago.
Pakistani troops hunting for militant leader Abdullah Mehsud clash again with insurgents.
Just days after it announced deep job cuts in Europe, the General Motors Corporation is battling a wildcat strike at one of its biggest German auto plants, and a threat of wider disruptions.
Microsoft Corporation plans to create Russian versions of its Hotmail e-mail program and Microsoft Network online service, Associated Press reports.
Male scientists are good at research because they have higher-than-average levels of the female hormone oestrogen which aids analytical skills, a study on Bath University academics today revealed.
Symantec Wednesday said fiscal second-quarter earnings more than doubled over the previous year as the company saw growth across all of its business segments.
After gambling on an inexperienced manager following Lou Piniella #39;s move to Tampa Bay two years ago, the Seattle Mariners decided that experience was paramount this time.
A Mississippi State official said Wednesday that with the University of Washington #39;s NCAA infractions case now over, a resolution might be coming soon for MSU.
CPI is a composite index, with data on corruption compiled from 18 different expert surveys. CPI ranks the countries by the level of perception about the spread of corruption among the public officials and 
Morrisons is accelerating the conversion programme of the Safeway stores acquired earlier this year as the 3bn takeover continues to cause the company short-term pain.
Something happens to Jens Lehmann on Champions League nights. In the Premiership, the German has few peers, as his record verifies.
AP - A gas explosion in a coal mine in China has killed at least 56 miners, and 92 others listed as missing had only a slim chance of survival, officials say.
Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle with photographers outside a London nightclub in the early hours of Thursday, royal officials said.
The Iraqi interim government has complained that the United Nations did not send enough electoral workers to help the country prepare for national elections scheduled for January.
Serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new ID system being introduced on new UK passports next year.
Serious doubts are raised on the accuracy of a new identity system being introduced on all new UK passports next year.
CRUSADING New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer is turning his attention to pension consultants as part of his attack on the insurance industry.
AFP - A British tourist flight travelling to Paris turned back shortly after take-off when the plane struck a bird.
AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:19 p.m. EDT). Game 7 of the NL championship series.
Retail sales picked up strongly in September, official figures show, helped by strong demand for mobile phones.
Scientists reconstruct a sea spider from the faint imprint it left when it fossilised 425 million years ago.
Diplomats from France, Britain and Germany are expected to meet with Iranian officials Thursday in Vienna to offer Tehran incentives to end its uranium enrichment efforts.
The controversial incoming EU Justice Commissioner apologises for comments he made about gays and women.
A recovery in resource stocks and some star performances from smaller companies have helped the Australian share market back into the black today.
Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon has declared the national carrier will continue to fly despite facing union threats on two fronts.
Hamid Karzai is about to win in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election, but the returns show that dangerous ethnic divides could become a major problem if he wins.
Bernstein: UN peacekeepers are now collaborating with the Haitian police and death squads, in a bloody purge of thousands of pro-democracy supporters of President Jean Bertrand Aristide.
Defense contractor General Dynamics Corp. reported a 23 percent jump in profit in its third quarter yesterday despite escalating costs on a contract to build commercial oil tankers.
Microsoft Corp. says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system.
Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren says bureaucratic miscues continue to hamstring serious government action to combat cyberattacks.
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Wall Street was set to start softer on Thursday with the insurance sector in the spotlight again after American International Group (AIG.
Retail sales in Britain saw the fastest growth in September since January, casting doubts on the view that the economy is slowing down, according to official figures released Thursday.
Open source software vendors Red Hat Inc and MySQL AB have lent their support to a new campaign against software patents in the European Union under the name NoSoftwarePatents.
AFP - The pilot of a US military Black Hawk helicopter died when the aircraft crashed near Afghanistan's western city of Herat, a United Nations spokesman said.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - After their epic comeback against the  New York Yankees, the Boston Red Sox can now lift a curse  hanging over them for more than 80 years.
Reuters - Xerox Corp. on Thursday said\third-quarter profit rose as it cut costs and sales of its\copiers and printers improved.
AP - Even in the pain of last year's collapse, Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein was confident Boston will someday win the World Series.
AP - Paul Hamm is finally going to have an answer for everyone who asks if he's going to be able to keep his Olympic gold medal.
Courier firm DHL decides to ditch its plan to make Brussels its international hub as authorities delay a decision over night flights.
AP - SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
Reuters - Russia will lease to India a nuclear-powered submarine capable of firing nuclear and conventional missiles, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday.
American International Group said third-quarter earnings rose 7.5 percent, but also revealed is a target of a federal investigation.
AP - The United Nations has not sent enough election workers to help out with vital balloting in Iraq set for January, the Iraqi foreign minister said Wednesday.
AFP - Turkey must strengthen market-economy reforms to sustain growth and promote confidence and to attract crucial international investments, the OECD said in a report.
Seven German banks - including WestLB - are to hand back state aid worth more than 3bn euros that the EU says broke competition laws.
Coldplay, Travis, The Darkness and Keane get behind a new version of charity single Do They Know It's Christmas?
Symbol Technologies has unveiled a multi-function enterprise digital assistant handheld device targeting mobile professionals requiring real-time access to corporate systems while on the move.
A survey by academics at the University of Bath, UK, has revealed that male scientists are good at research because they have the hormone levels of women and long index fingers.
Goalkeeper Roy Carroll has admitted that Manchester United cannot afford to drop points in their clash against the Premiership champions Arsenal at Old Trafford on Sunday.
South Sound fans reacted with everything from relief to regret over Wednesday #39;s NCAA rulings on the University of Washington athletics program.
Top shares have fallen to a three-week low after an early jump on the back of positive corporate news failed to gather momentum and stronger-than-expected retail sales data 
BERLIN -- SAP AG, the German business management software maker, reported a 15 percent jump in third-quarter net profit Thursday, citing increased sales across the globe.
The BRDC are looking to finalise a deal with Formula One Management (FOM) that will ensure that the British Grand Prix takes place next year on July 3rd and in 2005.
World News: Hong Kong, Oct.21 : A gas explosion at a coal mine in central China has killed at least 56 people and left 100 others missing.
Schering-Plough Corp. swung to a profit in the third quarter from a loss a year ago, even as sales decline slightly in the period.
AFP - Retail sales in Britain rose at the fastest pace for eight months in September, though underlying growth continues to slow, raising fresh doubts on the interest rate outlook.
The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
Delta Air Lines continued its downward spiral toward bankruptcy Wednesday as the company reported a net loss of \$646 million for the third quarter.
In the international rivalry to create the fastest, most powerful supercomputer, Japan struck back at the United States. NEC Computers Inc.
Swatch, the innovative, trend-setting watch brand from Switzerland-based Swatch Group, the leading global watch corporation, has joined with MSN Direct, a division of Microsoft Corp.
It is not a World Series championship, but for Boston Red Sox fans who watched their team bring history to its knees, it must feel even better.
Two Manchester United fans #39; groups are meeting former Football League chairman Keith Harris to discuss how to ward off any takeover bid by Malcolm Glazer.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has betrayed his Likud Party, a longtime senior ally wrote to thousands of party faithful Thursday, but the rebuke over the Gaza withdrawal was unlikely 
BEIJING : A gas explosion in a coal mine in China has killed at least 56 miners and left nearly 100 others missing. The death toll is expected to rise further 
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan is supporting African Union efforts to bolster its monitoring and protection presence in Sudan #39;s trouble Darfur region.
A compromise deal to save the next European Commission was today rejected by European parliament leaders who want an anti-gay member of the new team axed.
AP - Britain agreed Thursday to meet a U.S. request for British troops to be moved into volatile central Iraq, a proposal that has met strong opposition within the governing Labour Party.
Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc., struggling to stave off a bankruptcy filing, has reached a preliminary agreement with investors to restructure \$1.
The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) said the impact of soaring global oil prices on domestic inflation was more muted than it had been in the 1970s.
After months of flirting, IBM Corp has finally joined the industry-backed Liberty Alliance Project, potentially speeding interoperability between two rival sets of Web services specifications for federated identity.
David Beckham has escaped a Football Association (FA) charge for deliberately getting himself booked against Wales. The England captain faced being suspended from international duty for his foul on Ben Thatcher.
Brendon McCullum produced an outstanding 143 as New Zealand moved into a commanding position on day three of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
Pakistan are closing in fast on Sri Lanka #39;s first innings total after impressing with both ball and bat on the second day of the opening Test in Faisalabad.
Three more Muslim schoolgirls were expelled in France on Wednesday for flouting a controversial law on the wearing of religious insignia in schools.
The UK government is misleading people by failing to report all the carbon emissions it causes, campaigners say.
AP - Sharp Electronics Corp. plans to stop selling its Linux-based handheld computer in the United States, another sign of the slowing market for personal digital assistants.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - United Parcel Service posted improved third-quarter earnings but the results still missed forecasts on Wall Street.
For \$690 a month, her family rents a three-bedroom, two-bath house, located close to the middle school her 12-year-old daughter attends.
In true Formula One soap-opera style, the Jenson Button saga has finally come to an end - but not without opening up a huge can of worms.
LONDON, Oct 21 (SW) - The English Football Association has decided not to discipline England skipper David Beckham over his alleged voluntary booking against Wales on October 9th.
BAGHDAD - Gunmen opened fire on a bus carrying female employees of Iraqi Airways to the Baghdad airport Thursday, killing one and wounding 14, an airline official said.
Tehran, Oct. 21 (NNN): European states are to offer Iran a final chance to provide assurances that its nuclear energy programme is not aimed at acquiring weapons.
Reuters - Eli Lilly and Co.  on Thursday\said its third-quarter earnings rose as growing demand for its\medicines offset higher spending to market recently approved\treatments.
The number of new people signing up for jobless benefits fell sharply last week, offering a dose of encouraging news that the recovery in the labor market may be strengthening a bit.
President Lahoud is set to name a new prime minister following Rafiq Hariri's shock departure on Wednesday.
Web sites for President Bush's campaign and the Republican National Committee suffered outages for several hours on Wednesday.
Transportation services giant United Parcel Service Inc. said Thursday that third-quarter earnings rose 20 percent year-over-year, on a nearly 8 percent rise in worldwide sales.
After nearly four years of slashed security deposits, allowances for pets and other perks, Bay Area renters are starting to see prices rise and their bargaining power decline.
Boston -- About 85 members of Hotel Workers Local 26 demonstrated Wednesday in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Boston to show support for locked-out workers in San Francisco.
Microsoft is recasting ambitions for its .Net Passport identification system, saying the service now will be limited to its own online offerings and those of close partners.
The Football Association will not take disciplinary action against England captain David Beckham for intentionally getting a yellow card in a World Cup qualifying game.
In a hastily organized news conference, South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s Spokesman Kim Jong-min on Thursday told reporters that the Presidential Office will 
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
BSkyB launches a free digital satellite TV service which offers 140 channels for a one-off fee of 150.
Two scientists beat a \$600 million Nasa mission to be first to measure a prediction of Einstein's relativity theory.
A US airman dies and two are hurt as a helicopter crashes due to technical problems in western Afghanistan.
Plus: Lucent's 1st profitable year since 2000...EMC issues sunny report...IBM net income inches higher, despite legal bill.
Energy provider Southern Company reports a four percent jump in third-quarter earnings. A report out today indicates slightly higher revenues despite mild weather in the company #39;s region and 
Strong performances my mobile phone and carpet stores have prompted a surprise rise in retail sales figures, and revived fears that interest rates may yet be raised again this year.
The Boston Red Sox have won the American League Championship Series and are heading to the World Series for the first time since 1986.
England captain David Beckham will not face disciplinary action after telling a newspaper he deliberately got himself booked in a World Cup qualifier against Wales, the Football Association (FA) said on Thursday.
Entries for Thursday, October 21 (18th day of a 26-day meet). Oak Tree meeting at Santa Anita. Oak Tree Racing Association, Arcadia, Calif.
The incoming head of the European Commission has been trying to end a dispute which threatens to leave the EU without an executive.
Lawyers for Martha Stewart told a federal appeals court that she suffered a "fundamentally unfair" trial at the hands of prosecutors who incorrectly suggested she was accused of insider trading.
AFP - Sri Lanka fought back with seven wickets in the last two sessions to restrict Pakistan's first innings lead on the second day of the first Test.
The UK government is misleading people by failing to report all the carbon emissions it is causing, campaigners say.
President Fidel Castro tripped and fell after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, possibly breaking bones, but later returned to say that he was "all in one piece."
Baxter International Inc. on Thursday reported earnings from continuing operations of 42 cents a share, in line with analysts #39; expectations.
DIDIER AGATHE today insisted Celtic will be playing for more than European survival when they face Shakhtar Donetsk again a week on Tuesday.
Intel Corp. gave its Centrino laptop package a speed boost Wednesday with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor.
The world is consuming some 20 percent more natural resources a year than the planet can produce, conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday.
Storage vendor Quantum Wednesday said in a statement that it has agreed to purchase Certance LLC, a manufacturer of tape-based storage devices in Costa Mesa, Calif.
AP - Three Algerians who are considered close to a suspected ringleader of the Madrid train bombings are being questioned about an alleged plot to kill judges investigating Islamic terrorists, officials said Thursday.
AFP - The pilot of a US military helicopter died after it crashed in western Afghanistan while two US soldiers on other side of the volatile nation were seriously wounded by a bomb, officials said.
Reuters - It's called the book of life but mice,\and perhaps humans, can still thrive even when chapters are\missing, scientists said Wednesday.
Candy maker Hershey Foods Corp. on Wednesday said new products and favorable pricing sweetened its third-quarter profit, which surged 16 percent and topped Wall Street expectations.
Supermarket group Morrisons today cheered the City with news that converted Safeway stores were reaping the benefits of their change to the Morrisons format.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. About 400 workers will lose their jobs at the American Airlines maintenance base in Kansas City, a union official said.
LONDON, England -- Britain has agreed to a US request to redeploy about 850 troops to central Iraq, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon told lawmakers.
The Iraqi husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassan said he was cautiously optimistic she would be released quickly given her long years of service to the people of Iraq .
The SX-8 is the latest incarnation of the high-end but relatively rare "vector" computer breed.
Time to call the credit bureaus? Almost 1.4 million records containing the personal information of Californians likely stolen.
The Football Association have decided against charging David Beckham in relation to his controversial booking against Wales earlier this month.
AP - David Beckham won't be punished by England's soccer federation for intentionally getting a yellow card in a World Cup qualifying game.
AFP - The queue of newly jobless Americans shrank last week, providing a dose of good news to the labor market.
The number of Americans filing first- time jobless claims declined to the lowest level in six weeks, suggesting an improving labor market, a government report showed.
State and federal authorities are investigating a hacker attack at University of California, Berkeley, after someone broke into a computer containing the Social Security numbers 
Microsoft software that is currently licensed on a per-processor model will continue to be licensed per processor, not per core, for hardware that contains dual-core and multi-core processors.
Around 30 of North America #39;s bird species are declining significantly according to a new report from The National Audubon Society (BirdLife in the US).
(October 21, 2004) - HENRIETTA -he rivalry between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees literally hits home with the Haggertys.
The Football Association today decided not to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute. The FA made the surprise announcement after their compliance unit ruled 
AFP - Sweden has retained its title as world champion after three days of competition at the 21st Culinary Olympics held in Erfurt, eastern Germany, organisers said.
AFP - Egyptian telecom company Orascom has taken over Bangladesh's Sheba Telecom and plans to invest 250 million dollars to boost coverage and create nearly four million new subscribers.
Struggling china maker Royal Doulton says it is in talks with about a possible takeover by Irish rival Waterford Wedgwood.
Indianapolis-based pharmaceutical firm says it will also close a research facility in North Carolina in effort to reduce drug prices.
Finance firm CIT Group Inc. on Thursday said more new business and improving credit quality drove a 24 percent climb in third-quarter profit that beat Wall Street targets by a penny.
After preaching the superiority of its DLT tape format for years, Quantum has up and bought Certance, a key maker of the rival LTO format.
Boston players celebrate beating the New York Yankees in game seven of the American League championship series. Photo: AP. They had been reliable caretakers of a cosmic curse, feasting for decades 
Recent games between Real Madrid and Valencia have gone a long way to determining the fate of the Spanish league title. But perhaps not this season.
A new scheme allowing disabled people to summon emergency services by text message is launched in Hong Kong.
Big Blue's deal with mobile provider Orange prompts it to join the Internet security consortium and take a seat on its board.
AP - President Bush is returning to the swing state of Pennsylvania on Thursday to talk about health care.
creating a global company based on Australian technology and research. Moreover he did it under the noses 
QANTAS is suffering an unexpected softening in passenger demand, particularly on international routes, as the impact of the rising global oil price starts to strike consumer spending.
Miniature mobile phones, which already double as cameras, Internet devices and music players, are poised to merge with the largest of home appliances: the television.
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Cindy Parlow recorded a hat trick for the United States during a 5-1 win over Ireland Wednesday night at Soldier Field.
EUROPE #39;S three main powers have given Iran a final chance to reassure the world it is not developing atomic weapons or it will face sanctions.
AFP - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insists he will throw off an ankle injury to play in Sunday's Premiership showdown with Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Electors can check up of their MPs' expense claims for the first time, with the listing of claims over three years.
Perfigo's products will fit into Cisco's security architecture that combines virus scanning with network policing.
Reuters - Minnesota Vikings wide\receiver Randy Moss will be a game-time decision for Sunday's\game against Tennessee because of a hamstring injury.
Sports and fitness products company Reebok International Ltd. on Thursday said third-quarter sales rose 12 percent, driven by its acquisition of Hockey Co.
Rail transportation firm Union Pacific Corp. on Thursday said soaring fuel prices and increased operating costs offset higher third-quarter revenue and drove down its profit by 36 percent.
Swiss watchmaker Swatch and US software company Microsoft have launched a new range of wireless data watches, the companies announced Wednesday.
An environmental group says earth #39;s people are using up the planet faster than it can restore itself and the west is the chief culprit.
Though cargo is piling up in the International Space Station and shuttles won #39;t fly until after the new crew leaves, the astronauts on board are optimistic about their mission.
Microsoft Corp. Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer is reviving profit and sales growth by preventing customer defections to Linux, a computer operating system available for free on the Internet.
Joe Cole believes Chelseas number one Petr Cech is probably the best keeper I have ever seen. The 7million summer signing from Rennes has been installed ahead of Carlo 
Real Madrid sought to dampen speculation over the future of Fernando Morientes by issuing a statement saying the striker was not for sale.
Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government agreed Thursday to meet a US request and redeploy a battalion of 850 British troops into volatile central Iraq, despite strong opposition from lawmakers.
The Lebanese prime minister Rafic Hariri submitted the resignation of his government to the Lebanese President Emil Lahoud who accepted it.
The Constitutional Court on Thursday ruled the government #39;s plan to relocate the administrative capital as unconstitutional. Eight of the court #39;s nine judges ruled the plan as unconstitutional.
AP - Seventeen Afghans were released Thursday from a U.S. base at the center of an investigation into the deaths of two prisoners in custody, the international Red Cross said.
Sales in Europe were especially strong, rising 24 percent, the software maker says.
Electronics companies are devising better ways to link Apple's best-selling audio player to a vehicle's stereo.
The courts decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since Paul Hamm captured the gold after a close finish.
Rockstar Games issued a press release confirming rumors that illegal copies of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas have appeared online in various forms of download.
New England captain Jonny Wilkinson looks set to miss his country #39;s autumn games against Canada, South Africa and Australia as a result of his latest injury.
Newcastle manager Graeme Souness accepted an apology from Craig Bellamy on Thursday, after the player muttered obscenities at the manager in a 1-1 draw Sunday against Charlton.
Real Madrid is not planning to transfer Fernando Morientes, the club said in a statement Thursday, denying suggestions the striker was poised to move to Liverpool.
The UK government says that the severe decline in Britain's farmland bird populations is slowing down.
NEC, Toshiba will put the next-generation DVD technology in desktops and laptops next year.
A strike at a General Motors plant in Germany began to squeeze the company #39;s European production Tuesday as a lack of parts halted two other factories, while thousands of 
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.
Qwest Communications International Inc. has agreed to pay \$250 million to settle financial and disclosure fraud charges, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday.
There is some confusion about threats posed by the new search tool. Google says common sense is enough of a patch. By Thomas Claburn.
Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a smart wristwatch that receives news, sports, weather and other information using Microsoft #39;s MSN Direct broadcast technology.
Games publisher Rockstar is on the warpath after pirates leaked a copy of its forthcoming PS2 game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas on the internet.
Since its IPO back in August, the search engine Google has seen its shares rise over 70 in a little over two months. Google shares closed Tuesday at \$147.
Scotland #39;s NFL Europe franchise has folded due to falling attendance, leaving the league with only one team outside of Germany.
Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera during a scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub early Thursday, a royal official said.
AFP - Leading shares closed just above the gain line, after US indices regained some earlier losses and mining blue chips lent support, dealers said.
Reuters - Texas Instruments Inc. \has begun developing a chip that could bring television shows\to mobile phone screens in three years.
AP - A proposed quarantine facility for Yellowstone National Park bison to eventually provide herd startups for Indian reservations and wildlife refuges is being considered, state officials say.
AP - President Bush on Thursday signed into law a bill authorizing  #36;82 million in grants aimed at preventing suicide among young people.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Texas Instruments Inc. has begun  developing a chip that could bring television shows to mobile  phone screens in three years.
The regional telecommunications company Qwest agreed Thursday to pay \$250 million to settle allegations that it improperly booked millions in revenue and that senior managers sought to cover it up.
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Reuters - The world's whales, porpoises and\dolphins have no standing to sue President Bush over the U.S.
Police are called to Saudi banks as investors jostle to apply for shares in new mobile phone firm Ettihad Etisalat.
US Airways' pilots' union ratified a new labor contract Thursday that will cut their base pay by 18 percent and save the airline \$300 million a year.
 ZURICH (Reuters) - Venus Williams came through a stiff test  against Serbian schoolgirl Ana Ivanovic on Thursday to book her  place in the Zurich Challenge quarter-finals.
A widely watched barometer of future economic activity edged lower in September for the fourth month in a row, suggesting a slowing in economic growth, a private research group reported Thursday.
US Treasury prices initially slipped and then made a slight recovery after the Philadelphia Federal Reserve #39;s business activity index showed surprising strength.
A export surge has thrust the Canadian economy into high gear and it is running at close to full capacity, the Bank of Canada said on Thursday, explaining its move to 
Music, always big in Grand Theft Auto titles, will be front and centre in the upcoming Rockstar Games title Grant Theft Auto: San Andreas.
Following Sony #39;s surprising exit from the US PDA handheld market earlier this summer, three other companies have announced their intentions to withdraw from the US handheld market.
down to walk-off home runs. St. Louis won the first two contests at Busch. when Jeff Kent belted a three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - The Scottish Claymores, an NFL Europe franchise, folded Thursday due to decreasing attendance.
Andy Robinson tonight refused to rule new England captain Jonny Wilkinson out of next month #39;s Twickenham Tests - despite the World Cup hero suffering fresh injury misery.
washingtonpost.com - Election Day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list.
Ziff Davis - IBM ThinkPad G41 gets latest mobile processor; T42 gets processor upgrade and better connectivity.
Delhi says it will join three-way talks with Assam and separatists to end violence in the north-eastern state.
Thanks to a new chip Texas Instruments Inc. is developing, your favorite TV show someday will come to the cell phone nearest to you.
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Device will capture high-resolution still images and video--and it still makes phone calls.
Big Blue adds "innovaton center" to its China Research Lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
Attorneys for Martha Stewart have appealed her conviction before the US Court of Appeals in New York, claiming her trial was unfair and tainted.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia #39;s gauge of manufacturing in the region rose to 28.5 in October from 13.4 the month before.
Texas Instruments reported Thursday that it is developing a single chip for digital TV that will bring broadcast signals to cell phones.
CHELSEA virtually assured its place in the next round of the Champions League yesterday while calamity-prone goalkeeper Jens Lehmann cost Arsenal a point.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Villarreal midfielder Marcos Senna was suspended Thursday by UEFA after failing a drug test back in August.
Sports India, Cricket: Faisalabad, Oct. 21 : Pakistan scored 256 for the loss of eight wickets on the second day of the Faisalabad test.
AFP - South Korea's Samsung Electronics unveiled a new semiconductor chip that it says uses new technology to greatly enhance the quality of images on handset display panels.
The Iraq war entered a dangerous new phase today as 850 armoured British troops were ordered to the troubled heart of the country for a massive crackdown on terrorists.
Now, the single biggest postseason flop in baseball history does not belong to the Red Sox, who pass the uncontested title to the Yankees.
DENVER -- Third-quarter revenue fell 7 percent at Janus Capital Group Inc. as assets under management and investment-management fees fell.
Texas Instruments is prepping a new single-chip solution designed to bring live broadcast television to mobile phones and other portable devices.
 quot;We cannot avoid this question any longer. It is very likely that treatment of VoIP will have some of the farthest reaching consequences of anything this commission 
DUBLIN (AFP) - A joint appeal for the release of Dublin-born humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan kidnapped in Iraq was issued by the Irish and Palestinian foreign ministers.
Aluminum, the stuff of cans, explodes in its nano form. A small start-up has decided to harness that property.
AP - Russia's energy and rail transport industries are prime for investment by Western investors, the head of U.S. manufacturing and financial giant General Electric Co. said Thursday.
Simone Marstiller, Florida's chief information officer, will be online to answer your questions about the challenges facing her office. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate.
Val Ackerman resigned as president of the WNBA, a position she has held since the league started in 1996.
Production of Vauxhall cars will resume on Sunday following disruption caused by a shortage of components because of a strike by workers in Germany, it was announced tonight.
Shareholders in Santander Central Hispano on Thursday approved the euro13 billion (US\$16.4 billion) takeover of Abbey National of Britain.
The Labor Department said the number of workers on the nation #39;s unemployment rolls dipped slightly in the week of October 9, the latest period for which the data is available.
A fertility technique that repairs a woman #39;s faulty eggs using DNA transferred from elsewhere in her body has led to the births of 20 children, scientists have revealed.
Britain is sending 850 troops from the famous Black Watch regiment and supporting units from the south of the country to a position close to the Iraqi capital - a request that has led to protests 
Prince Harry has been hit in the face with a camera and cut a photographer #39;s lip as he pushed it away outside a nightclub in London #39;s West End.
The office of Russia #39;s chief military prosecutor says a report into alleged abuse of Russian army conscripts does not correspond to reality.
With more than half the ballots counted, Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai appeared Thursday to have won by a landslide, the BBC reported.
 HAVANA (Reuters) - Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped and  fractured his left knee and right arm in a tumble captured on  live television, the government said on Thursday.
in which the hacker gained access to the private information of 600,000 clients and workers in California #39;s In-Home Supportive Services program 
The Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland made that announcement today. Hamm received gold in the gymnastics all-around at the Athens Olympics.
AP - Never heard of Sanjiu? Bluestar? Baosteel? Minmetals? You soon might.
AP - Julien Clement of Switzerland shot a 7-under 64 Thursday to take the first-round lead at the Madrid Open.
AP - The fossil of what may be one of the earliest baby birds has been found in northeast China.
Deal has Big Blue handling data acquisition and delivery, customer service, financial processes for business information provider.
Big Blue adds "innovaton center" to its China Research Lab to develop technology catering to small and midsize businesses.
Irony alert: Game publisher is furious over stolen copy of "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas," in which players steal lots of stuff.
Semiconductor maker Analog Devices Inc. lowered its outlook for the fiscal fourth quarter Thursday, citing weak demand in September and October.
The UK Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon says 850 British troops are to be sent to a US-controlled region of Iraq close to the capital.
Effort is part of industrywide movement to bring the brighter, energy-efficient screens to the mass market.
Irony alert: Game publisher is furious over stolen copy of "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas," in which players steal lots of stuff.
A US economic barometer weakened for the fourth straight month in September as oil prices surged, showing a loss of momentum heading to 2005, the Conference Board said today.
Chinese palaeontologists say they have found feathers on the fossilised legs of a primitive bird, which back controversial theories that birds descended from four-limbed dinosaurs.
Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has accepted Craig Bellamy #39;s apology after their training ground bust-up - but warned the striker he has to play by his rules.
AP - The Bush administration chose Thursday to urge change in Fidel Castro's Cuba rather than speculate on the health of its aging leader.
British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon told the British Parliament on Thursday that the government has agreed to a US request to redeploy British troops in Iraq to relieve American forces.
The incoming European Commission president has proposed redefining the duties of controversial conservative justice commissioner Rocco Buttiglione.
The number of new people claiming for jobless benefits in the United States declined sharply last week, a sign that the recovery in the US labor marketmay be strengthening.
Intel has announced the latest version of its Centrino mobile processor family, the Pentium M 765, which offers 2 MB of Level 2 cache and a 400-MHz system bus.
For years, the competition in the search business has focused on finding things on the Web quickly and accurately. And Google has been widely perceived as the winner.
BAGHDAD - Tahseen Ali Hassan pleaded with kidnappers Thursday to release his wife, the director of the aid agency CARE International in Iraq.
A 121 million-year-old baby bird,  fossilized while still curled in its egg, has been found in China.
B2B e-commerce specialist Global Exchange Services agrees to buy IBMs Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services divisions.
IBM Research will underwrite 20 research projects with grants under its Shared University Research Program.
Aluminum, the stuff of cans, explodes in its nano form. A small start-up has decided to harness that property.
Reuters - Political parties and civil rights\activists have brought a wealth of lawsuits on voting issues\before the Nov. 2 U.S. presidential election even gets under\way.
IOC President Jacques Rogge pressed Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi to encourage fund-raising and public awareness ahead of the 2006 Turin Olympics.
AP - Chicago Bears defensive end Adewale Ogunleye has a small tear in the ligament of his right ankle and won't play Sunday against Tampa Bay.
Shareholders in Spain's Banco Santander Central Hispano approve the takeover of UK bank Abbey.
Armed insurgents opened fire on a bus full of civilians and drove a car bomb into a national guard checkpoint in northern Iraq this morning, killing 20 Iraqis in the latest 
If New Yorkers were not already aware their beloved Yankees had completed the worst post-season collapse in Major League history, their media quickly reminded them on Thursday.
Qwest neither admitted nor denied guilt, but in accordance with the judgment promised not to violate federal securities laws in the future.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Long-term mortgage rates fell again this week to the lowest level in six months, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.
com October 20, 2004, 9:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
AP - The 10 nations with the largest "ecological footprint," according to a study by the conservation organization WWF.
Former champion Venus Williams was pushed to two tiebreakers over two hours by 16-year-old qualifier Ana Ivanovic of Serbia-Montenegro before reaching the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Thursday.
Alaska Air Group, the parent of Alaska Airlines, on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, even as high fuel prices cut into earnings at rival carriers.
The M 765 is made using Intel #39;s newest 90 nm process. It will begin shipping immediately in Centrino-based consumer and business devices.
AP - Quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young and wide receiver Michael Irvin are among nine first-time nominees for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
roundup Plus: Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing...SGI works on Linux performance software...Good Technology supported by HP, Samsung.
Rapid growth of the country's cell phone market has companies dreaming of a speed-dial to success. But the risks are high.\
If you've been clicking "remind me later" for those pesky update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
Niro 400 package offers easy setup and good audio, but falls short on surround sound.
The Bank of Canada remained vague Thursday about how quickly interest rates will continue to rise, while a separate report suggested the economy is poised to enjoy strong gains in the year ahead.
Not content with being the top of the top 500 with its Earth Simulator, NEC has surpassed itself with its new creation - the SX-8.
In the wee hours of last Sunday morning, when the nation #39;s collective clicker had long since abandoned the Yankees-Red Sox debacle 
An Israeli aircraft fires a missile at a vehicle in the Gaza Strip, killing two people, Palestinian officials say.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. next week plans to unveil a sub-\$300 PC for the developing world as the company tries to get a jump on a potentially enormous market.
If you've been clicking "remind me later" for those update windows, Apple's closing its music store to you.
Qwest Communications International Inc., the fourth-largest US local-telephone provider, agreed to pay \$250 million to settle US Securities and Exchange Commission allegations that it 
US-backed interim leader Hamid Karzai was nearing victory in Afghanistans presidential vote, election officials said, as the number of ballots counted passed the half way mark.
New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has broadened his probe into insurance brokerage fees to include life and health insurance company practices.
Merck  amp; Co. profits plunged in the third quarter in the wake of the recall of its Vioxx arthritis drug and Eli Lilly  amp; Co.
VAUXHALL lost more than 115 million last year, twice as much as it lost the previous year. The company blamed the competitive car market.
Microsoft says it has distributed about 106 million copies of its major security update for the Windows XP operating system. Microsoft completed work on the update 
Interim leader Hamid Karzai nudged closer to victory in Afghanistan #39;s landmark presidential poll with nearly two-thirds of the vote counted, officials said Thursday.
American International Group said a federal grand jury is investigating products it sold that companies might have used to massage earnings.
Reuters - Online retailer Amazon.com Inc\ on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit, fueled\by strong international sales and its free shipping offer.
AP - Defensive coordinator Jerry Gray signed a contract extension with the Buffalo Bills on Thursday.
AP - Andre Agassi breezed past fellow American Vince Spadea 6-1, 6-3 Thursday night to reach the quarterfinals in the Madrid Masters.
In Terrorism and Security daily update: Europeans offer nuclear technology if Tehran ends uranium enrichment efforts.
Caesars Entertainment Inc. on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a profit that was unexpected by the company.
AP - Former All-Star shortstop Chris Speier was hired by the Chicago Cubs as their third-base coach Thursday.
Switzerland #39;s Julien Clement is the surprise leader of the Madrid Open golf tournament after carding a 7-under-par 64 on Thursday.
AP - Prince Harry scuffled with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub early Thursday, further feeding his growing public image as a rebellious party boy.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appeared to have locked up enough support Thursday to win a coming parliamentary vote on his Gaza withdrawal plan despite deepening fissures within the ruling Likud Party.
Ziff Davis - Graphics library and kernel functions are open to attack, but the current Linux kernel addresses the problems.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp. , the world's\largest software maker, on Thursday said its first quarter\profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand\fueled higher sales.
Reuters - A more refined analysis of the human\genome, or book of life, shows people have fewer genes than\previously thought, an international team of scientists said on\Wednesday.
I was pretty amazed to see 3D graphics coming to mobile phones, and now it looks like TV is coming to them too! Texas Instruments has started work on a chip that 
State officials warned California residents Wednesday to take preventative steps against ID theft after an unknown hacker gained access to a database at the University of California, Berkeley.
AFP - Legal authorities in Britain faced an ethical dilemma over whether doctors should continue to prolong the life of a nine-month-old baby who suffers from a rare genetic disorder.
AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday the United States would recognize the election of a Shiite Muslim government in Iraq provided the voting is free, fair and open.
New Zealand partially resurrected their stricken tour of Australia last night when they won the first of their three-match one-day series with a hair-raising two balls to spare.
Outgoing Kmart chief executive Julian Day is getting about \$90 million in stock options for his leadership at the discount chain, which emerged from bankruptcy in May.
Rockstar #39;s PS2 title Grand Theft Auto San Andreas has become the latest high-profile game to be leaked onto the Internet significantly ahead of its release date.
Hearts suffered a 3-0 defeat in their UEFA Cup group stage opener against Feyenoord in a game marred by controversial refereeing decisions.
Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Former world No. 1 Venus Williams advanced on Thursday and will now meet Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova in the quarterfinals at the \$1.
The sounds made by dune avalanches has mystified people for centuries. California scientists test an explanation by sliding down the sand on their rear ends.
The decline of domesticated bees threatens North America's food supply. Some researchers believe original wild bee species could come to the rescue.
September quarter was a good one, but software maker's revenue forecast for current period falls short of analysts' expectations.
AP - French tycoon Francois Pinault is to be questioned on behalf of U.S. authorities Friday in connection with the Executive Life affair, a judicial source said.
AP - The strengthening of Syria's influence in Lebanon's government prompted Secretary of State Colin Powell to renew his criticism of Syria after a brief period of praise.
Premier League club Newcastle will play Yeading FC, a tiny soccer club ranked six leagues below, in the third round of the FA Cup.
Coca-Cola Co. on Thursday reported a sharp drop in quarterly net income due to weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters in Germany and other key markets.
Google Inc., the world #39;s most-used Internet search engine, said net income more than doubled to \$52 million after sales of Web advertising rose.
Turkey Thursday gained in Paris the support of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) for its bid for the European Union (EU).
Mike Fincke, whose daughter became the first child born to an astronaut in orbit June 18, is preparing to return to Earth and his family in Texas.
These disks are not remnants of the protostellar clouds from which the stars themselves formed, according to the astronomers, who plan to publish in The Astrophysical Journal.
American tennis player Andre Agassi serve to his fellow countryman Vincent Spadea during his ATP Masters series tennis match in Madrid, Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004.
Quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young and wide receiver Michael Irvin are among nine first-time nominees for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Venus Williams came through a stiff test against Serbian schoolgirl Ana Ivanovic on Thursday to book her place in the Zurich Challenge quarter-finals.
Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts #39; expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Pace bowler James Franklin snapped up a hat-trick as New Zealand bowled Bangladesh out for 177 on the second day of the first test on Wednesday.
AP - Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
Robot fans cheer news that the "Roomba" has sucked up its 1 millionth buyer--a 'bot breakthrough,' they say.
AP - Russia's military prosecutor said Thursday that Human Rights Watch was mistaken in its accusations of widespread hazing in the military and said Russia had already made serious efforts to combat the problem.
In the world of sports, when a great feat is accomplished, sometimes it takes a while for everything to set in and for people to gain a full appreciation for what just transpired.
Google's third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Shares in Google jump to a new high in after-hours trading as the internet search firm reveals its first results since floating on the Nasdaq.
A growing dissident movement opposes Israel's planned withdrawal on religious and nationalist grounds.
After eluding capture for decades by winning over villagers, India's violent bandit was killed this week.
Amazon.com Inc., the online retailing giant, on Thursday reported profits that surpassed year-ago results but came in below analyst expectations.
President Bush attacked John Kerry's health plan; Christopher Reeve's widow backed Mr. Kerry, citing his stem cell policy.
AP - No Sharpies. No situps. No pom-pom shaking. No spikes.
AP - Purdue quarterback Kyle Orton has no trouble remembering how he felt after last year's game at Michigan.
Google Inc.'s third-quarter profit more than doubled, reflecting a continued surge in the online advertising distributed by its Internet-leading search engine.
Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster.com is dropping support for the authentication service.
Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster is dropping support for the authentication service.
IBM Global Services has agreed to sell its Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services businesses to Francisco Partners, the majority owner of electronic data transmission vendor Global eXchange Services Inc.
the third soldier of this apocalypse, the third leg on this perfect and perfectly unholy triangle of sports scandals. If sports truly offers 
The Computing Technology Industry Association asked both campaigns to answer 12 technology-related questions to help the trade group's 20,000 members get information about their views.
IBM has signed a seven-year IT outsourcing deal with Dun   Bradstreet under which it will transform and manage key business functions and financial operations for the company.
Indian subsidiary has grown from around 300 staff early last year to about 2,000 today, and serves over 100 customers around the world.
Art Cooke, president of SAS International, offers some practical advice for U.S. companies with global operations.
ATHENS, Greece -- Alan Shearer converted an 87th-minute penalty to give Newcastle a 1-0 win over Panionios in their UEFA Cup Group D match.
He was a young lieutenant, she was the daughter of a general. But the difference in status didn #39;t stop Indonesia #39;s first couple from marrying.
Coca-Cola reports a 24 drop in quarterly income on the back of weak sales of its soft drinks, juices and bottled waters.
The software juggernaut that conquered the desktop is racing to get Windows into your next car.
IBM Global Services has agreed to sell its Electronic Data Interchange and Business Exchange Services businesses to Francisco Partners, the majority owner of electronic data transmission vendor Global eXchange Services Inc.
Microsoft today reported first quarter 2005 revenue of \$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion, figures that exceeded the company's guidance from July.
Computer Associates International yesterday reported a 6 increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said yesterday.
MSN Spaces, Microsoft #39;s new blogging service, has sparked a new game for some of its users: trying to circumvent its censorship controls.
AP - Adnan al-Ghoul, the Hamas military leader assassinated in an Israeli missile strike Thursday, had long eluded Israeli forces through a mixture of stealth and luck.
AP - Six people were injured by stray bullets shot into the air by revelers during celebrations for the Boston Red Sox winning the American League pennant, police said Thursday.
AFP - Business software group Oracle Corp. said it had extended a hostile takeover offer for PeopleSoft by two weeks to November 5.
The settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission capped a 2 1/2-year investigation. Qwest did not admit or deny any wrongdoing.
INTER Milan took a firm grip on a place in the next round of the Champions League with a stunning victory at the Mestalla this morning (Singapore time).
Feyenoord, Stuttgart and Rangers registered comfortable wins Thursday in the group stage of the UEFA Cup, while French side Lille was upset 1-0 by a German second division club.
Violence and political instability are growing in the Caribbean nation of Haiti. More than seven months after former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide fled the country, political polarization 
The software company reports a 12 percent surge in sales fed by a jump in maintenance revenue.
Firm announced plans to make TV chips in January, but 10 months later, the project gets scratched.
Company patches one search engine security flaw and is notified of another.
A member of the federal Farm Credit system said Thursday it ended its agreement to merge with a privately held Dutch bank, citing delays and criticism of the deal.
The Metropolitan Museum's show reveals the portraitist's bountiful range. No doubt about it, he was and remains one of our greatest American painters.
Lexar's JumpDrive TouchGuard uses a sensor that reads the ridges on a finger and unlocks encrypted data if there's a match.\
AFP - An international human rights group said its observers for the 2004 US election found access to polling stations difficult in Florida and Ohio.
Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, said first-quarter profit rose 11 percent as sales of Windows corporate network software increased.
US long-term mortgage rates dropped this week to their lowest levels seen in six months, Freddie Mac reported Thursday in its weekly nationwide survey.
GENEVA - People are consuming the planet #39;s resources at a rate that outstrips its capacity to support life, a global conservation group said Thursday.
Microsoft #39;s chief executive believes it #39;s naive to suggest the software giant can eliminate all security vulnerabilities in its various 
Considering a career change? Take this simple test to find your true talent and matching colleges. Start your future today.
Demand in both the home and business software markets sees Microsoft's profits rise by 11 over three months. 
Amazon.com sees third-quarter profits more than triple as sales increase in all its world markets.
Citing continued strength in the PC and server markets, Microsoft on Thursday reported earnings that beat Wall Street expectations and a 12 percent increase in revenue for the first quarter of its 2005 fiscal year.
Roger Clemens takes the mound for Houston tonight in Game 7 of the NL Championship Series as the Astros and the Cardinals vie for a World Series berth and a trip to Boston.
Aon Corp. is under more intense pressure to stop taking so-called contingent commissions from insurers after a rival announced Thursday it no longer would accept such payments.
Microsoft Corp. on Thursday said its first quarter profit climbed as personal computer sales and business demand fueled higher sales.
More long-distance and high-speed Internet access customers led to a 72 percent jump in third-quarter profit for SBC Communications Inc.
The International Gymnastics Federation ruled on Thursday that American gymnast Paul Hamm may keep his Olympic gold medal for the men #39;s gymnastic all-around title.
Search maverick Google missed widely on Wall Street's earnings expectations for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2004, its first quarterly financial report after launching its initial public offering.
PARIS Turkey won an important endorsement Thursday in its bid to join the European Union as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development issued a report praising Ankara for recent economic strides.
Cuban leader Fidel Castro broke his knee and fractured his arm after falling down on a stage. The 78-year-old had just finished a speech at a graduation ceremony.
TV chip cancellation joins a long list of 2004 canceled projects and missteps.
Despite solid Q1 news, Microsoft #39;s revenue forecast for the current quarter fell below estimates. For the current fiscal second quarter, which ends in December, Microsoft forecast revenue 
SIR ANTHONY OREILLY is considering a 40 million takeover of Royal Doulton in an attempt to improve the performance of Waterford Wedgwood, which he chairs.
Santander Central Hispano, Spain #39;s biggest bank, named its finance chief Francisco Gomez-Roldan as chief executive of Abbey National after its takeover, squashing expectations 
Rates on 30-year and 15-year mortgages fell this week to the lowest levels seen in six months, good news for people wanting to buy a home or refinance.
One single change in inherited DNA can put people at a heightened risk of heart disease and strokes, according to new research. Richard Lifton and his colleagues at Yale University school of medicine report 
AP - Jacksonville quarterback Byron Leftwich doesn't understand why his teammates and coaches rave about his toughness.
Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone is taking legal action against Jackie Stewart, the president of the British Racing Drivers #39; Club, in a dispute centered on the British Grand Prix.
CANTON, Ohio (Ticker) -- Legendary quarterback Dan Marino headlines the list of nine first-time nominees for induction to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
AP - The Boston Red Sox capped off an improbable comeback in Game 7 of the AL championship series Wednesday night  #151; and so did the TV ratings.
A military leader of the radical Palestinian group Hamas who was at the top of Israels most wanted list, has been killed in an air strike on Gaza City.
AP - With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana.
The PC maker plans to launch a 17-inch version of Inspiron, just in time for the holiday and belatedly matching rivals.
AP - Former President Rafael Angel Calderon was detained Thursday in connection with a corruption investigation, local media reported.
AP - The state must reject provisional ballots if they are cast in the wrong precinct, a federal judge said Thursday in the latest in a series of opinions on how such votes should be counted.
Internet search firm Google sees third quarter profits more than double on the back of strong advertising revenues.
DONALD TRUMP is to remain chairman and chief executive of his Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts business and avert a possible bankruptcy filing.
Hewlett-Packard, IBM and Dell joined a host of electronics makers Thursday in an effort to promote a unified code of socially responsible business practices across the world.
The only thing that showed up Wednesday night at the big ball park in the Bronx was Dracula, dressed like Johnny Damon, and he sucked the life right out of the Yankees.
NO SOONER does one door open for Andy Robinson, the new England head coach, than another closes. Yesterday it was the removal from his immediate plans of Jonny Wilkinson 
Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness was relieved to see his side emerge from a potentially awkward Uefa Cup tie in Athens with all three points.
AP - Brian Cashman's job is safe  #151; at least for now. The rest of the New York Yankees have plenty to worry about this winter.
AP - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 B.C., the Culture Ministry said Thursday.
A closely watched barometer of future economic activity fell in September for the fourth consecutive month, suggesting that the recovery may be cooling.
roundup Plus: IBM gives grants to universities...Sun expands pay-as-you go supercomputing...SGI works on Linux performance software.
AP - Ricky Williams abruptly retired from the Miami Dolphins last summer because he disagreed with the NFL over a disputed drug test. Williams now wants to play again.
With Justin Zwick hindered by a slightly separated shoulder, Troy Smith will start at quarterback for Ohio State on Saturday against Indiana.
PC maker plans to launch 17-inch version of its Inspiron, perhaps in time for the holidays, and belatedly matching rivals.
Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Thursday\said it has scrapped plans to enter the digital television chip\business, marking a retreat from a major component of its\consumer electronics initiative.
The Boston Red Sox are the American League champions because of a history-making win against the New York Yankees. But when the World Series starts Saturday night in 
Intel said today it has decided to cancel its project to develop an LCOS (liquid crystal on silicon) chip that would bring down the cost of rear-projection televisions.
The fight to save the British Grand Prix is getting bitter. The most powerful man in Formula One, commercial rights holder Bernie Ecclestone, issued libel proceedings yesterday 
American gymnast Paul Hamm hung his gold medal around his neck and smiled on cue, in effect giving himself another Olympic medal ceremony.
WM Morrison shares jumped sharply yesterday after it reported strong sales at Safeway stores converted to the Morrisons name and said it would speed 
A study of a closely knit family with several members suffering from a rare illness is providing what researchers say may be important clues to the cause 
Middlesbrough rarely found their rhythm, but still ran out 1-0 winners in an uninspiring encounter against Egaleo in the UEFA Cup group stages.
The courts decision marked the official end of a controversy that had simmered since Paul Hamm captured the gold after a close finish.
AFP - Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal from German Holocaust denier Ernst Zundel, who faces deportation to Germany.
The recent hurricanes that hit Florida, along with other examples of extreme weather around the world, may be caused by global climate change, a panel of climate experts said today.
The Olympics' most lingering controversy ended in court Thursday with Paul Hamm remaining the winner of the men's individual all-around.
ARSENAL manager Arsene Wenger insisted he was not disappointed to pick just one point from his side #39;s Champions League tie with Panathinaikos.
AP - President Bush criticized Sen. John Kerry's plans for health care and medical liability reform on Thursday, saying the result would be even higher costs and more federal involvement.
Waterford Wedgwood and Royal Doulton - two of the grandest but most troubled names in the ceramics world - revealed yesterday they were engaged in merger talks.
Google has patched a hole in its search engine that could have allowed malicious hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page or silently modify search results.
Apple Computer is warning users of older versions of iTunes that it plans to stop allowing those versions to connect to the music store.
LONDON - Oil prices charged back up to \$55 a barrel this week as a fresh fall in US heating oil stocks stoked worries over winter supplies.
SAN JOSE, Calif. In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel has canceled a project to develop a chip for projection T-Vs.
NEW YORK - Paul Hamm said he was relieved but had some bitter feelings after Thursday #39;s decision to let him keep his Olympic all-round gymnastics gold medal.
Little-known JL Lewis made 11 birdies in his first-round 62 as he stole the spotlight from a host of major winners in the Funai Classic at Disney World.
Reuters - San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom\set a goal on Thursday of providing free wireless Internet\activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the\Internet revolution.
AP - Invasive species appear to be killing off crucial segments of the Great Lakes food web, from large predator fish to tiny freshwater shrimp, an environmental group said Thursday.
AP - Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as the software company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
AP - The Providence Imaging Center examined the head of a dead juvenile whale to see what could be learned from what they believe to be a rare specimen and for clues how it died.
SHARES in Kidde soared more than 17 per cent yesterday after it emerged that the fire equipment group had rejected an indicative 1.
The British makers of the Grand Theft Auto video game are aggressively pursuing whoever leaked its newest version, San Andreas to the Internet.
ST. LOUIS The Houston Astros are ahead of St. Louis 2-to-1 over St. Louis after three innings of Game Seven of the National League Championship Series.
The billionaire businessman is said to be  #39;livid #39; over comments made by Sir Jackie in the battle to save the British Grand Prix.
October 22, 2004. England captain David Beckham has escaped disciplinary action by the Football Association for his deliberate yellow card against Wales.
AP - In a testament to the independent streak of Western voters, Washington and California are considering dumping political party primaries.
Google's already soaring stock price rocketed even higher after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company.
But the company's guidance for next year failed to top Wall Street's estimates, and its shares fell in after-hours trading.
Buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, Microsoft reported strong growth even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Verizon announced plans to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states.
Recent storms, droughts and heat waves are probably being caused by global warming, which means the effects of climate change are coming 
There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
AP - In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
MICROSOFT said first revenues were up by 12 per cent as the software company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.
It was the longest postseason series ever, 29 hours and 7 minutes of theater that shook the psyches of two of baseball #39;s bedrock franchises.
The Giants #39; three quarterbacks formed a triangle at practice Thursday and began to play catch. No pass was longer than 10 yards.
THERE is nothing more self-righteous than a modern paparazzo with a split lip, garnered in the course of his slightly weird trade.
In the tribal area of Waziristan, Pakistani helicopter gunships and commandos hunt one of the country #39;s most wanted militants - Abdullah Mehsud - feared Taliban 
Buoyed by continued strong worldwide sales of personal computers, the Microsoft Corporation yesterday reported strong growth in profits and sales even as it faces the challenges of being a mature technology company.
Retailing entrepreneur Philip Green is to receive a 460m dividend from Arcadia, the Top Shop, Dorothy Perkins and Evans group he bought for 850m two years ago.
THE number of wild animals across the world has plummeted by 40 per cent in the past 30 years because of changes in the way humans are living.
At a United Nations General Assembly meeting on Wednesday, China National Space Administration chief Sun Laiyan urged peaceful use of outer space and closer international space co-operation.
The Boston Red Sox #39;s history-making comeback to win the American League championship at least temporarily turned New York Yankee dominance on its head.
JAPAN was counting the cost of its worst typhoon in two decades yesterday after it swept across the country, killing at least 66 people.
Russian military prosecutors say a report highlighting widespread bullying and violence against conscripts in the Russian Army is an exaggeration.
New York's attorney general is said to be scrutinizing practices for influencing which songs are heard on radio.
Families with autistic children are finding that techniques that have proved successful in the class can be tried at home.
AP - Twenty-nine people claiming to be North Korean asylum seekers cut through a wire fence and fled into a South Korean school in Beijing on Friday, a news report said.
Speaking for all non-members of Red Sox Nation, we're happy you beat the Yankees.  Now go win a World Series so we can be done with you.
District officials said they are soliciting bids for the estimated \$13 million renovation to get RFK Stadium ready for baseball.
Deyon Williams, the 2002 All-Met from Suitland High, has earned playing time by being Virginia's fastest receiver.
Ricky Williams's attorney met with NFL officials to discuss the tailback's desire to return from his brief retirement.
Ricky Williams #39;s attorney met with NFL officials yesterday to discuss the former Miami Dolphins tailback #39;s desire to return from his brief retirement.
SANTANDER has unexpectedly unveiled a Spaniard as the next chief executive of Abbey - defying expectations that a British banker was in line for the job.
WHEN Scots turn up the heat the rest of the world dies a little, a report by an international conservation charity claimed yesterday.
By measuring variations in satellite orbits, scientists have found the first direct evidence of one of the hallowed tenets of Albert Einstein #39;s theory of general relativity -- that the Earth 
IN ANOTHER change of plan, semiconductor giant Intel has cancelled a project to develop a chip for projection TVs, saying it plans to focus its resources in other areas.
The Virginia Cavaliers were in the midst of what would become a blowout victory at Western Michigan last season when rookie wide receiver Deyon Williams came to the line of 
BAGHDAD: Seven Iraqis including four Baghdad airport employees, two Iraqi national guards and a woman were killed in two incidents in Iraq on Thursday.
There is likely to be strong U.S. pressure on much of Asia next year, not just China, to allow a major depreciation of the dollar.
For the Yankees, the A.L.C.S. was a colossal flop, the kind they had avoided through decades of charmed Octobers.
A French court will rule on whether a new law bans three Sikh boys from wearing the under-turban to school.
The bitter battle within Lazard over a proposed initial public offering reached a turning point yesterday as the firm #39;s chairman gave his consent with one colossal 
CHINESE palaeontologists said they had found feathers on the fossilised legs of a primitive bird, which backs controversial theories that birds descended from four-limbed dinosaurs.
AP - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse 27-6 Thursday night.
Virginia's men's soccer team loses to visiting Duke, 3-0, on Saturday and fails to make the NCAA semifinals for the eighth time in nine years.
The St. Louis Cardinals suddenly erupted against Roger Clemens, startling the Houston Astros, 5-2, Thursday night to take Game 7 of the N.L.C.S.
AP - Jason Terry and Josh Howard each scored 17 points and the Dallas Mavericks cruised to a 112-74 preseason victory over the New York Knicks on Thursday night.
A vigil in Nottingham for murdered teenager Danielle Beccan will call for an end to the city's gun culture.
A POLITICAL compromise to save the job of the new European Commissioner who thinks homosexuality is a sin was put to Euro MPs in Brussels yesterday.
AP - Jason Williams scored 16 points and had five assists to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 97-75 preseason victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Thursday night.
Drew Gooden and LeBron James both score 27, leading the Cavaliers to a 105-97 win over the feuding Raptors, who didn't have Vince Carter.
AP - Paint the World Series red  #151; Red Sox and Redbirds, a classic matchup filled with a rich history.
The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) has released Living Planet Report 2004the current edition of an annual index that tracks global species abundance and human use of natural resources.
Zach Randolph had 34 points and 17 rebounds, leading an overwhelming inside game that gave the Portland Trail Blazers an 88-85 preseason victory Thursday night over the Toronto Raptors.
Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse 27-6 Thursday night.
THE HAGUE - Former Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic is pleading for the right to represent himself at his trial before the War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague.
After more than three years of appointment battles, President Bush's ambitions for the courts are clear, but his record is mixed.
Hugs and celebrations over, Boston Red Sox Manager Terry Francona announced his rotation on Thursday afternoon.
There was a breakdown in the cosmic order Wednesday night. At least that's how it felt to Yankees fans.
United Technologies made a 1.35 billion pound bid for Kidde, but the fire-fighting equipment maker has rejected the offer, saying it undervalues the company.
Rasheed Marshall throws three touchdown passes and sets a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks, leading No. 15 West Virginia past Syracuse, 27-6, Thursday night.
AP - Yahoo Inc. appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google Inc. in searchable Web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
Walt Disney #39;s board of directors went on trial this week on shareholder accusations that it merely rubber-stamped a decision to hire Michael Ovitz and allowed him to walk away 
Alaska Air Group Inc. earned \$79.2 million in net income in the third quarter, making more money than financial analysts projected as traffic increased and it worked to cut costs.
Emsworth #39;s Mike Fincke returns to Earth on Saturday, six months after leaving for the space voyage he had dreamed of since he was a young boy.
They hit for average and power, run with abandon and last night, they went through one of baseball #39;s greatest pitchers to earn their way into the World Series.
An Israeli aircraft fired two missiles into a crowded Gaza City street Thursday night, killing a senior Hamas explosives expert who was blamed in the deaths of dozens of Israelis, according 
While nomadic running back Ricky Williams is taking classes at an unidentified Northern Californian university, his attorney laid the groundwork for his possible return to the Dolphins and NFL.
Rasheed Marshall threw for 144 yards and three touchdowns Thursday night in sending 14th-ranked West Virginia coasting past Syracuse, 27-6.
Despite its ongoing fight to thwart a takeover, investors still got to celebrate stronger-than-expected earnings. Can this be sustained?
The state #39;s last monthly job report before the presidential election shows Arizona #39;s job-creation machine has shifted into neutral.
The beauty, from purely a baseball perspective, is that the New York Yankees stats, schedule made all the mistakes the Red Sox stats, schedule usually do.
The St Louis Cardinals joined the Boston Red Sox in the World Series after they overcame the Houston Astros 5-2 at Busch Stadium on Thursday.
Two months after a judging error overshadowed one of the most stunning comebacks in Olympic history, Paul Hamm is no longer stuck in limbo.
The Latin American literary giant won the last laugh on book pirates by finely tuning the ending of his latest novel, "Memories of My Melancholy Whores."
AFP - China's economy grew by 9.5 percent in the first three quarters of 2004 compared to the same period last year, China's National Bureau of Statistics announced.
New York Attorney General has subpoened major players in the Washington area insurance market as part of an investigation into steering and bid-rigging.
Stewart said, in court documents released Thursday, that her criminal trial was "fundamentally unfair" because prosecutors suggested she was accused of insider trading.
Williams Industries Inc. said its \$780,000 loss in the past fiscal year was due, in part, to "political haggling" over highway spending.
Rasheed Marshall told a teammate at the start of the season he thought he would break Donovan McNabb #39;s Big East rushing record for quarterbacks against Syracuse.
Another victory escaped the clutches of the San Antonio Spurs on Thursday night. This one eluding them in overtime. The Philadelphia 76ers (4-1) topped 
(OfficialWire) -- 10/22/04 -- The board of the Walt Disney Company went on trial Wednesday, facing shareholder accusations that it simply rubber-stamped a decision 
A spokesman from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said here Friday that multi-fators have pushed up the housing price. Statistics show that the prices of housing and 
Both Nebraska Sens. Ben Nelson and Chuck Hagel said Thursday they will continue to work with state producers and bankers following an announcement Thursday by the Omaha-based Farm Credit Services 
Under normal circumstances, the hype surrounding the Patriots stats, news-Jets game Sunday at Gillette Stadium would come with its own set of pressures, what with their identical 
Now that he has decided to stay with the New Jersey Nets, Rod Thorn must make a decision on whether all-star guard Jason Kidd should go.
By our reporters. Some 50,000 auto workers took part Tuesday in protests against plans to cut 12,000 jobs at General Motors European subsidiaries.
Australia's Labor opposition begins putting together a new team, after its damaging loss in this month's election.
Reuters - As the death toll rose from Japan's\deadliest typhoon in two decades, experts warned on Friday that\climate change could bring a stormier future.
NEW YORK Stocks were mixed in a volatile session yesterday, with blue chips weighed down by oil prices and a new investigation of the insurance industry.
Indianapolis - October 21 - The Hamilton County sheriff talks about a home owned by one of Indiana #39;s richest men. The founder and former Chief Executive Officer of Conseco.
In his never-ending search for areas that need improvement, coach Tom Coughlin found one in the phase of the game he is known to emphasize: special teams.
in years have pulled two more bodies from the rubble, leaving the toll from the blast at 64, state media say. the fastest economic growth of any major world economy.
Oil futures prices were little changed Thursday as traders anxiously watched for indications that the supply or demand picture would change in some way to add pressure to the market or take some away.
Newsday named Paul Barbetta, director of circulation for The Baltimore Sun, to head its circulation department after a scandal over inflated figures.
The Donald will remain at the helm of his troubled casino company under a new plan to salvage it for a second time. Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts said yesterday it will file for bankruptcy 
Qwest Communications International Inc. yesterday agreed to pay \$250 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.
AP - J.L. Lewis matched his best score on the PGA Tour and was kicking himself for two easy birdie putts that got away.
China's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
AP - Cornerback Antoine Winfield and wide receiver Marcus Robinson were the two most heralded free agents signed by Minnesota last March.
AP - Joseph Jefferson's right knee might never be completely healthy. He can't worry about it now.
AP - Making the most of second chances is second nature to Wisconsin senior Scott Starks.
And later on Sunday, gunmen killed two National Guards and wounded four others in an attack near Latifiya, a town south of Baghdad that has seen persistent unrest, officials said.
At least two more states are planning to join New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in suing the insurance industry over allegations of bid-rigging and collusion.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu says he has has no future at a Premiership club after his bust-up with boss Jose Mourinho and his drug shame.
Israel says it #39;s considering releasing some Palestinian prisoners -- as part of a deal in which Egypt has freed an Israeli Arab man convicted of spying.
Rescuers express mounting fears for 86 people still missing after a gas explosion in a China coal mine killed 62.
The two major US airlines in bankruptcy have made tough choices about jobs and wages while largely protecting the free tickets and other perks offered to their frequent fliers.
JAPANESE TIN maker NEC has released a mass produced supercomputer computer which it claims knocks the socks off Big Blue #39;s Blue Gene/L.
More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.  quot;This is obviously a great day 
An attorney for Ricky Williams met with NFL officials on Thursday in Santa Monica, Calif., hoping to pave the way for the former Dolphins running back to return this season.
China's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
China #39;s economic growth has slowed for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.
Interstate Bakeries Corp. received bankruptcy court approval Thursday to use \$200 million in financing as it tries to reorganize its business.
AP - Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan made the most of an upbeat economic report on his country to press its case for membership in the European Union.
A 121 million-year-old baby arboreal bird, fossilised while still curled in its egg, has been found in China, Science magazine reports this week.
Left-arm spinner Daniel Vettori claimed six wickets to demolish the Bangladesh second innings and help New Zealand claim the first test Friday by an innings and 99 runs.
The amount of grass found in the backpack of Carmelo Anthony was not enough to stoke a party. But a scathing story grew like a weed across the nation.
Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed 66 people, news reports said on Thursday as rescuers searched frantically for 22 still missing in floods and landslides.
A group of 29 North Koreans fled into a South Korean school in Beijing yesterday to seek asylum, exactly one week after an earlier group defected under similar circumstances.
Patriots safety Rodney Harrison was voted the dirtiest player in football in a recent poll conducted by Sports Illustrated of 354 current and former NFL players. Surprised?
More than two months after he won it in Athens, Olympic gymnastics champion Paul Hamm will get to keep his all-around gold medal.
Sometimes, when you're living through an event, you can be too close to what's happening to realize the magnitude of it.
So how did the New York press treat the Yankees after their epic collapse. Some snippets from the pages of New York's newspapers:
In New England college football history, only Doug Flutie and Glenn Foley of Boston College have thrown for 10,000 yards.
Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse, 27-6, last night.
Insurance broker Coyle Hamilton Willis is to stop accepting controversial contingent commissions from insurers, according to a report this morning.
They suggest that government efforts to cool the economy are having some but possibly not enough of an impact. For the three months to September, the economy grew 9.1 per cent compared 
Boeing finally has a US launch customer for the 7E7 Dreamliner, but it is a virtually unknown carrier with just one 15-year-old plane in its fleet.
Asian stocks in the shipping, steel and trading sectors bounced higher Friday after China said its economy expanded 9.1 percent in the year to the end of September.
In a step fraught with risks for Prime Minister Tony Blair, Britain agreed yesterday to send 850 of its soldiers from relatively peaceful southern Iraq to a volatile area near Baghdad 
LONDON -- Responding to a US request, Britain agreed yesterday to transfer 850 troops from relatively calm southern Iraq into a stronghold of the Iraqi insurgency near Baghdad.
Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) described the move  as a breakthrough in the elimination of such stockpiles around the world.
US BLUE-CHIP stocks slid lower yesterday, pulled down by industrial bellwether Caterpillar, but technology shares remained higher after EBay posted strong earnings.
The board of Kidde PLC said Friday that it had rejected a tentative takeover bid from United Technologies Corp., saying it significantly undervalues the company.
It #39;s not just winter that drives birds away from Wisconsin. It #39;s us, says a report released this week by the National Audubon Society.
Japanese investment bank Nomura has been working on a financial package to block a takeover of Manchester United, it was reported today.
The fixed line phone in the home could soon disappear, a study by mobile firm Nokia shows.
Microsoft, the world's largest maker of computer software,  reports an 11 rise in  quarterly profit but says sales may disappoint in the current period.
China #39;s economy has slowed modestly for the third successive quarter, raising hopes of success in a delicate battle to reduce the risk of overheating without provoking a crash.
By building homes on prairies, draining wetlands and clearing forests, humans are diminishing bird populations, according to a new National Audubon Society study.
Put an end to all the pinstripes talk. The St. Louis Cardinals now stand between the Red Sox and their first World Series title since 1918.
A South Korean embassy spokesman in China has confirmed that a group of people, claiming to be North Koreans, has entered a school for South Koreans in Beijing seeking asylum.
AFP - Swedish telecommunications equipment maker Ericsson reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
That #39;s the question confronting Auburn #39;s football team after the Tigers eased past Tennessee 38-28 in last night #39;s Southeastern Conference Championship game.
AP - Carlos Beltran's bat was silent in Game 7 of the NL championship series. Now, the Houston Astros center fielder will take some quiet time to ponder his future.
Police in India warn people not to look for bounty stashed by the outlaw Veerappan, after his death earlier in the week.
The number of robots helping out and entertaining in the home is set to soar sevenfold by 2007, says the UN.
And so it goes for poor, poor Notre Dame in the aftermath of losing its dream coach -- Pope Urban IX -- to those soul-less sinners down in Florida.
Martha Stewart asked an appeals court to overturn her obstruction conviction yesterday, saying misconduct by jurors and government prosecutors kept her from getting a fair trial.
Daniel Vettori took six wickets as New Zealand romped to victory by an innings and 99 runs against Bangladesh on the fourth day of the first test on Friday.
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing record for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No.
Pacers Coach Rick Carlisle said yesterday that O #39;Neal probably would miss the remaining five games to rest a strained ligament in his left foot.
The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to shorten their list of managerial candidates, and Mark Grace is out of the running for the job.
Qwest agreed Thursday to settle with the Securities and Exchange Commission over charges that the company fraudulently booked \$3.8 billion in revenue over nearly three years.
Verizon announced Thursday it is digging up streets and stringing wire in six states, including Maryland and Virginia, to deliver high-speed Internet service and cable-style television to customers.
Amazon.com Inc. officials reported a quarterly profit that just missed analysts' estimates, but the company said it expects a record holiday season and outlined a heady expansion plan.
Microsoft Corp.'s quarterly earnings rose 11 percent over the comparable quarter last year, with strongest growth in sales of server software.
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks are starting to shorten their list of managerial candidates, and Mark Grace is out of the running for the job.
AP - Andy Roddick withdrew from next week's Stockholm Open because of a knee injury, tournament organizers said Friday.
Two local shows go beyond comic grotesque or the new objectivity and suggest that German modernism before World War II was united by a relentless scrutiny of the world.
TheDeal.com - The networking gear maker buys privately held network security software developer Perfigo.
A US judge rules there is no evidence linking Marlon Brando's son with the murder of actor Robert Blake's wife.
Ericsson AB, the biggest maker of mobile-phone networks, reported a fourth straight quarterly profit, helped by cost cuts and equipment demand.
The New England Patriots are finally getting what they say they #39;ve been craving - a game in which their record winning streak is secondary.
Texas Instruments has announced development of the wireless industry #39;s first digital TV on a single chip for mobile phones, code-named  quot;Hollywood quot;.
New England Patriots have won 14 consecutive home games including play-offs and so on the face of it should be very confident of extending their unbeaten record.
Volkswagen, Europe's largest carmaker, rejects a trade union offer  to limit workers' pay rises, saying it does not go far enough.
Online bank Egg agrees to sell its French credit card and loans business to Banque Accord for about 96m.
European drug regulators are conducting a safety review of four arthritis drugs amid reports that they could increase the risk of strokes and heart attacks.
British black scientists are vastly under-represented in their chosen field, says a leading commentator.
A computer industry group asks President Bush and Sen. John Kerry a dozen questions so voters can compare the presidential contenders' tech plans. By Staci D. Kramer.
In another development in what is becoming a depressing year for Intel, the company has announced that it has finally abandoned plans to get into the digital TV screen business.
A forest of trees will fall and a lake of ink will be emptied hashing and rehashing the baseball games played in Boston and New York over the past four days.
Runner-up in National League Most Valuable Player voting the last two seasons, Pujols was an obvious choice as MVP of the NL championship series after the St.
Adrian Mutu is expected to be charged by the Football Association today following his positive drugs test. The Chelsea striker had an informal meeting with FA officials on 
Kim Clijsters has stunned the tennis world by announcing her break up with Lleyton Hewitt, just four months before their scheduled wedding.
US Marines clashed with insurgents on the outskirts of the rebel bastion of Fallujah and launched airstrikes at militant targets, the US command said Friday.
Defiant Palestinian militants pounded Jewish settlements in the southern Gaza Strip with mortar fire today, following the killing of a top Hamas militant in an air strike.
Peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight Oracle, returns to profit in the third quarter.
Qwest agreed to pay \$250 million Thursday to settle allegations that the telecommunications company falsified the books by at least \$3.
Twenty children have been born after doctors performed a kind of transplant surgery on the eggs of their mothers, for whom normal IVF had failed.
The presidential election may be decided along party lines, but in six states with close races for governor, local concerns prevail.
Electronics giant Sony has won an innovation award for its "brave" commitment to design.
SACKED Telstra chief executive Ziggy Switkowski has conceded his departure was  quot;sensible quot; for the company and its shareholders.
SiliconValley.com - Intel suffered another setback Thursday when it canceled a chip for flat-panel television sets.
TV addicts need never again be far away from their next digital telly fix, thanks to a chip being developed by Texas Instruments (TI) for mobile phones.
Warm or hot? What you believe about the state of worldwide PC shipments in Q3 depends on who you listen to. According to Gartner, Inc.
Already under scrutiny from regulators in Washington and New York, the American International Group disclosed yesterday that it was the target of a federal grand jury investigation over 
Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon told MPs the deployment would last  quot;weeks rather than months quot;, and that the troops would stay under British command.
Economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter of 2004 to its weakest since the run-up to the Iraq war early last year, reinforcing expectations 
Peoplesoft, the software maker that is the target of a hostile takeover bid from industry heavyweight Oracle, has returned to profit.
A non-campus computer and server that were hooked to the campus network without proper security precautions have been linked to a University of California, Berkeley, hacker 
Fire equipment manufacturer Kidde saw its share price rise by 20 on Friday after it confirmed it had rejected a 1.35bn (\$2.46bn) takeover offer.
Yahoo Inc. appeared to move a step closer to challenging Google Inc. in searchable Web mail, acquiring the startup behind the powerful e-mail application Bloomba.
In another change of plans, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. canceled a project Thursday to develop a chip for projection TVs and said it planned to focus its resources in other areas.
Shares in low-cost airline Easyjet jump by 15 on speculation it is a takeover target for one of three Icelandic carriers.
AFP - The dollar hovered close to eight-month lows against the euro and a four-month trough against the yen amid worries about the US economic outlook.
World oil prices marched towards 55 dollars today on worries about low stocks of US heating fuel and tight crude supplies amid strong demand in key markets ahead of the northern hemisphere winter.
Pilots at US Airways have voted in favor of giving \$300 million in annual wage and benefit concessions to the struggling airline, becoming the first major labor group to accept permanent 
A month after a previous deal fell apart, Donald Trump announced a plan yesterday that he hopes will give his casino company a second act and make it a contender in Atlantic City once again.
Intel Corp. is scrapping plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell may press Beijing for information regarding a New York Times researcher arrested for allegedly passing state secrets to foreigners.
Thursday, October 21: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen on Thursday while a soldier died in a militant attack on the territory #39;s border with Egypt, the army said.
Google Inc. said third-quarter profit and sales more than doubled as it sold more advertising and attracted more Internet surfers to its Web sites.
AMD has proved time and time again that its processors offer better performance than the competitions - and better value for money too.
Rescue workers in Japan say the death toll from the country #39;s worst typhoon in two decades now stands at 75, and that 15 people are still missing.
Detainees released from Guantanamo Bay have been recaptured or killed fighting U.S. forces in Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Consider the circumstances: The Boston Red Sox defeated the vaunted Yankees in Game 7 of the American League Championship Series, and did so in the House That Ruth Built.
A military judge ordered a US Army reservist on Friday to stand trial Jan. 7 in Baghdad for allegedly abusing Iraq inmates at the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad.
The United States pressed Iran to meet the demands of the UN nuclear watchdog after the three big European countries made a last-chance offer to make Tehran comply.
Ruth W. Messinger is the president and executive director of American Jewish World Service, an international development and emergency relief organization.
Wireless communications service provider Nextel Communications Inc. on Friday posted 69 percent growth in third-quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
Google says it has patched a hole in its search engine that could have allowed hackers to modify the content of the Google search results page, reports PC World.
Samsung Electronics has showcased a mobile phone that integrates a 5-Megapixel digital camera. At present the highest resolution camera phones have 3-Megapixel class image sensors.
It may be seen by some as the poorer relation to the Champions League but for those German teams in the UEFA Cup, it is an opportunity to go for European glory.
Adnan Al-Gul, the inventor of the Qassam rockets used by Palestinians to attack Israel, was killed yesterday in an air attack on Gaza.
HAVANA Cuban President Fidel Castro is recovering from surgery but leaving no question about his ability to govern. The 78-year-old Cuban leader fell Wednesday after a speech.
LONDON A spokesman says Prince Harry has talked to his father, Prince Charles, about his scuffle with a photographer outside a London nightclub.
Russia's lower house of parliament is to vote on ratification of  the international treaty on climate change.
The former Bishop of Birmingham resigns from Friends of the Earth in a row over the promotion of nuclear power.
US presidential candidates George W Bush and John Kerry tour states seen as important to win November's poll.
A raft of football games are aiming to score with gamers\, but which top the league and which are heading for relegation?
Archaeologists say they have unearthed jewels dating back 5,000 years, possible proof of Europe's earliest civilisation.
AFP - Internet search engine Google Inc said its net profit and sales more than doubled in the third quarter, spurring a spectacular jump in its share price.
AP - A quarter of online Americans have taken advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
Wireless communications service provider Nextel Communications Inc. on Friday posted 69 percent growth in third-quarter earnings based on demand across its business sectors, and raised its outlook for 2004.
Nextel Communications Inc., the sixth largest US mobile company, on Friday said its third-quarter profit rose amid strong customer growth and it raised its earnings forecast for the full year.
In another sign that the hype is off the advanced television market, Intel said Thursday that it is scrapping plans to build microdisplay chips for rear-projection televisions.
Tahsine Ali Hassan, husband of kidnapped aid chief Margaret Hassan, gestures during a press conference in Baghdad, Iraq, Thursday, Oct 21, 2004.
African leaders and heads of international agencies on Friday urged the African Union #39;s development program NEPAD to move forward to help accelerate the continent #39;s integration and growth.
AP - Japanese electronics makers Toshiba Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. raised their earnings outlooks for the fiscal first half Friday on rising global demand for electronics products.
Swedish telecommunications equipment maker Ericsson today reported a return to net profit in the third quarter, lifted by healthy growth in its international markets.
Donald Trump is betting a deal with bondholders to cut the debt on his hotel and casino empire through a pre-arranged bankruptcy will give him a stronger hand in the gaming industry.
Beijing - China urged Europe yesterday to refrain from  quot;putting up barriers quot; in a new set of EU trade priorities that would hit Chinese textiles.
After doctors performed a kind of transplant surgery on mothers eggs, 20 babies were born to women for whom IVF had not worked.
A quarter of online Americans have taken advantage of one of the Internet's true powers: the ability to let users collectively decide whether to trust a product, service or individual.
Reuters - The Cardinals may be heading to their\first World Series since 1987 but there is nothing new about\post-season baseball in St. Louis.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Cardinals may be heading to their  first World Series since 1987 but there is nothing new about  post-season baseball in St. Louis.
Head coach Sam Mitchell has set some substantial goals for Carter, the club #39;s best swingman, and Bosh, the club #39;s best big man.
Gunmen opened fire Thursday on a bus carrying female employees of Iraqi Airways to the Baghdad airport, killing one woman and wounding 14 others, an airline official said.
The music industry is the latest target to attract the attention of New York attorney general Eliot Spitzer, the New York Times reports.
GLASGOW, Dec 5 (SW) - Glasgow Rangers have lost their Scottish Premier League leadership to arch rivals Celtic again, after being held to a draw at Inverness.
AP - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt called off their wedding, according to her Web site.
A new class of material, which brings computer chips made from a single molecule a step closer, has been discovered by scientists.
Intel, the world #39;s largest chip maker, scrapped a plan Thursday to enter the digital television chip business, marking a major retreat from its push into consumer electronics.
NEW YORK Yahoo appears to be moving a step closer to challenging Google after making a purchase of a start-up company that has developed a promising e-mail application.
By refusing to sack controversial new justice commissioner Rocco Buttiglione, the new Brussels chief may face a protest vote in the European Parliament next Wednesday.
AP - Al-Jazeera television aired a video Friday showing kidnapped CARE director Margaret Hassan weeping and pleading with the British people to act to save her life.
US Airways hopes its other unions will follow with concessions so the company can emerge from bankruptcy. By Associated Press. ARLINGTON, Va.
Verizon Communications, the nation #39;s largest regional phone company, announced plans yesterday to start introducing fiber-optic connections for residential phone and data services in six Eastern states.
Swatch has introduced the Paparazzi watch. The Paparazzi is a watch capable of displaying information it receives wirelessly through FM radio transmissions.
Venus Williams has set up an intriguing encounter with Maria Sharapova in the Swisscom Challenge in Zurich with a tight in over Ana Ivanovic.
Sri Lanka have opened up a significant lead over Pakistan on the third day of the first Test in Faisalabad, closing on 285 for three, a lead of 264.
A bus carrying female employees of the national airline is targeted. An Iraqi captive #39;s husband pleads for her release. By Monte Morin and John Daniszewski.
Reuters - The world is consuming some 20 percent\more natural resources a year than the planet can produce,\conservationist group WWF warned on Thursday.
AP - A car bomb exploded Friday near an American armored vehicle in the northern Iraq city of Mosul, wounding five U.S. soldiers, the military said.
British-Iraqi hostage Margaret Hassan made an emotional appeal for British forces to withdraw from Iraq, in a videotape broadcast on Arabic television channel Al Jazeera on Friday.
NEW YORK Wall Street is sorting through the latest earnings news and stocks are narrowly mixed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up three points in today #39;s early going.
Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts, Donald Trump #39;s troubled casino business, is to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after reaching agreement with bondholders to recapitalize debt.
Sir Alex Ferguson is convinced Manchester United will end Arsenals 49-game unbeaten run on Sunday - because they simply have to.
Stocks were little changed today as tepid earnings from Microsoft and Coca-Cola offset Google's strong third-quarter report.
 SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Last year Jordan won the Brazilian  Grand Prix against the odds, now they are fighting for  survival.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The action was set for 4 a.m., two or  three hours before the African dawn.
AP - Juventus came back from an early deficit to beat Lazio 2-1 Sunday and restore its four-point lead in the Italian league.
Dominance of Australia #39;s retail wine market, and the high margins on offer, is just one issue at the core of the battle for ALH.
Gateway has announced it will start sales on December 10 of own-brand high-performance personal computers in Japan through four consumer electronics volume retailers.
Yahoo! has acquired privately held Stata Labs, developer of the searchable e-mail client/RSS reader Bloomba and the SAproxy Pro spam filter.
Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt have ended their relationship, according to Clijsters #39; web site.
Although they met four times in the regular season, the Los Angeles Galaxy and Colorado Rapids don #39;t know each other that well heading into their first-round playoff 
MOSUL, Iraq -- A car bomb exploded Friday near an American armored vehicle in the northern Iraq city of Mosul, wounding five US soldiers, the military said.
Controversial images of diseased lungs which health advisers want to see on every cigarette packet were revealed today. The hard-hitting anti-smoking campaign 
Deep-sea manned sub Alvin is hailed as it goes into retirement following 40 years of remarkable work.
Archaeologists in Germany say they may have found the lavatory from where 16th century Reformation scholar Martin Luther revolutionised the church.
US Treasury debt prices eased on Friday as a dearth of economic indicators led investors to ponder the impact of high oil prices on the economy and interest rates.
Another mainstream tech columnist has written that Apple must license the iTunes Music Store/iPod, or perish from the wrath of its competitors.
AP - St. Louis Rams quarterback Marc Bulger left Sunday's game against the San Francisco 49ers after spraining his right shoulder while getting sacked in the first quarter.
CAULFIELD Cup winner Elvstroem will displace Starcraft as favourite when bookmakers open betting on the \$3 million Cox Plate at Moonee Valley today.
British aid worker Margaret Hassan, kidnapped in Iraq, appeared in a video aired by Arab TV station al-Jazeera asking British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops.
ISRAEL has assassinated the Hamas arms expert said to be behind the development of the Qassam rockets that have been targeting Israeli towns.
Falconbridge Ltd., the world #39;s third- biggest nickel producer, said third-quarter earnings rose more than eightfold as base-metal prices jumped.
Microsoft Corp. announced this week it will only charge users one license for running its Windows Server products on a dual-core processor.
The survival of some Iowa bird species is threatened, primarily because of habitat loss, according to a group dedicated to the conservation of wild birds.
The 2004 American League Championship Series created enough memories to last a lifetime. Here are some of the moments and men whose exploits in this historic series won #39;t soon be forgotten.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Daniel Nestor and partner Mark Knowles on Friday battled their way to a fourth championship appearance of the tennis season.
TORONTO - Falconbridge Ltd. said higher prices for nickel, copper and zinc helped it post a big increase in its third-quarter results.
BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, said global growth and economic activity in China are slowing, partly as higher oil prices curb spending.
A new tape of hostage Margaret Hassan broadcast on al-Jazeera TV station shows her pleading for her life.
US actor Brandon Routh is cast as the man of steel in the new Superman film, due for release in 2006.
Unemployment in Brazil fell to 10.9 percent in September, the lowest rate so far this year, the government's statistics institute said Friday.
European Commission is set to announce whether it will block the database giant's hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft.
Express version of BladeCenter chassis accommodates up to 14 dual-processor servers but costs under \$1,000 instead of about \$2,800.
Copycats are keeping busy. Security researcher says the Net threat's source code is "hot stuff."
THE best news was rookie Champ driver and Australia #39;s hope in the Indy 300 David Besnard brought the car back without a scratch.
The possible charges relate to the creation and operation of an internal transfer agent unit to serve primarily the Smith Barney family of funds.
A U.K. foundation gathers testimony from British businesses and coders opposed to software patents.
Sports teams are putting high technology into stadiums to attract fans, generate cash and improve standings.
Yahoo has snapped up privately-held e-mail software company Stata Labs, which develops technology that allows users to quickly search through mail and attachments.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.
AFP - Leading British shares pared earlier gains to close almost unchanged, weighed by losses on Wall Street, where renewed oil price concerns and earnings disappointments took their toll, dealers said.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA  (CP) - Liberal cabinet ministers are coming to the defence of Prime  Minister Paul Martin over revelations from a book written by Sheila Copps.
AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova needed just more than an hour to defeat Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 in the quarterfinals of the Swisscom Challenge on Friday.
The computer maker unveils four new laptops, with an eye on the upcoming holiday season.
The US Airways pilots #39; deal extends through 2009. Along with an 18 percent pay cut, pilots will have to fly more hours each month, likely resulting in more furloughs.
Saab AB on Friday reported a gain in its third-quarter profit as contracts for its military and aviation equipment remained steady during the quarter.
A pipeline that supplies Arizona with about 70 percent of its gasoline, diesel and jet fuel was operating again today after being shut down in the aftermath of severe rain in Southern California.
Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira and Manchester United skipper Roy Keane are both battling to be fit for Sunday #39;s Premiership showdown at Old Trafford.
Palestinian militants are seeking revenge Friday, pounding Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip with mortars. The violence flared up after a top Hamas militant was killed in an Israeli airstrike.
AFP - The European Union executive welcomed the Russian parliament's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol on global climate change -- and immediately called on the United States to follow suit.
Crude oil futures rose to a record \$55.39 a barrel in New York after the release of a report showing that the Chinese economy grew more than expected last quarter.
Midland Co. on Thursday said third-quarter profits fell by almost half as the specialty insurer sustained heavy claims losses from the hurricanes that swept through the Southeast during the summer.
A Japanese investment bank is exploring ways of blocking a possible takeover of Manchester United by American businessman Malcolm Glazer.
Hamas vowed revenge yesterday after an Israeli airstrike in Gaza killed one of its senior commanders - the latest assassination to have weakened the militant group.
The death toll in the Central China coal mine accident rose to 66 on Friday, a figure set to rise as hopes of rescuing the 82 missing miners fades.
US Airways pilots yesterday approved a five-year, cost-cutting contract that will reduce their pay about 18 percent and save the airline about \$1.
CHICAGO -- Spanish-language daily Hoy -- owned by the Tribune Co. -- said on Thursday it is reducing its staff by 20 percent across the company.
Juan Pablo Montoya tops the times in the opening practice session at Interlagos.
Javier Solana travels to Africa for talks on Darfur amid hints that the EU will give \$126m for a peacekeeping mission.
One of the architects of Africa #39;s home-grown plan for economic development has launched a scathing attack on its achievements.
Joseph McGrath will take over as CEO of Unisys next year, replacing Lawrence Weinbach.
US Airways Group on Friday asked other unions to follow the pilots in accepting rollbacks as the airline struggles under bankruptcy.
IBM Friday sharpened it blade offerings to target small and midsize businesses with the announcement of new hardware and software bundles.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat former world number one Venus Williams 6-3 6-4 on Friday to reach the semi-finals of the \$1.
Williams #39; driver Juan Pablo Montoya made the perfect start to his final race with the team when he set the fastest time in opening practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix today.
AFP - The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China's Henan province rose to 66 as hopes of finding survivors among a further 82 trapped workers faded.
Knoxville (WVLT/AP) - Beating Alabama is so important to Vols Coach Phillip Fulmer he has mentioned the annual game in his spiel to recruits.
Without fanfare, President George W. Bush signed into law on Friday a nearly \$140 billion corporate tax cut bill derided by both Democratic presidential rival John Kerry and Republican Sen.
Police will talk to referee Mike Riley before Manchester United #39;s home game with Arsenal on Sunday to try to avoid crowd trouble.
Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova beat former winner Venus Williams 6-3, 6-4 in the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals on Friday and extended her winning streak to 11 matches.
RR Donnelley  amp; Sons settled a decade-old race discrimination case stemming from the 1993 closing of its Lakeside Press plant, the company said Thursday.
Bethesda Softworks today announced new details on The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, the sequel to 2002 #39;s The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind.
In a bold and controversial move, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon has decided to pull out and destroy all Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza strip.
AP - Veteran umpire Ed Montague will call balls and strikes in Game 1 of the World Series between the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox on Saturday.
This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
LONDON Ever since two successful flights into space were made from the Mojave Desert, thousands of people are signing up to take the same trip.
AP - A court in northern Nigeria has sentenced two women to death by stoning for allegedly committing adultery, and both will soon appeal the sentences, a human rights group said Friday.
AP - The U.S. Embassy in Laos warned Friday that insurgents may launch bomb attacks in several parts of the communist country during next month's regional summit in the capital.
 SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea set three conditions on  Friday to be met before it would consider returning to  six-party talks on its nuclear programs.
Friday morning usually sees the third cars star  but today, Juan Pablo Montoya took top spot.
Ferrari may have won both championships and for the Renault F1 Team, second remains only a remote possibility. But there will still be plenty to watch out for
The e-commerce Web services specialist is helping a growing list of retail manufacturers sell their wares via Amazon.
Shares of Vivendi and EMI fell on reports that state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has subpoenaed firms for information related to promoters payments to radio stations.
Texas Instruments, a company well-known for its calculators, says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.
Juan Pablo Montoya was fastest in the first practice session today for the Brazilian Grand Prix, and a young test driver surprisingly came second ahead of Ferrari #39;s top drivers.
October 22 2004 2000CET - Another video on the TV station Al-Jazeera showed Margaret Hassan, the aid worker kidnapped, pleading and crying.
AP - The Cleveland Indians avoided salary arbitration with reliever Bob Howry, signing the right-hander to a one-year contract on Friday.
AP - More than a record unbeaten streak is at stake when Arsenal plays at Manchester United on Sunday: The result could go a long way to determining who wins the Premier League championship.
Whether Googleexceeded or missed earnings expectations for its third quarter remained unclear until mid-morning Friday.
The University of North Carolina is the best US collegiate breeding ground for budding entrepreneurs, according to rankings published by Forbes magazine on Friday.
More than a record unbeaten streak is at stake when Arsenal plays at Manchester United on Sunday: The result could go a long way to determining who wins the Premier League championship.
AP - The beer is flowing, John Fogerty is singing on the stereo and six scantily clad young Chinese women are doing the hokey-pokey.
Tobacco companies are spending more than ever to market cigarettes, but sales still are falling, according to a new government study.
British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004 due to poor performance in the industrial sector. Preliminary figures from the Office for National Statistics showed that gross domestic 
While Google has risen in prominence and popularity, the details of its search software, even though it is open source, are largely unknown to outsiders.
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted troubled striker Adrian Mutu #39;s claim the pair had a furious row over the Romanian #39;s international duty is false.
AP - British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004, hit by a poor performance from the industrial sector.
NewsFactor - Robot sales to consumers and enterprises are on the verge of exploding, according to a new study.
\The facility's 35 engineers will focus on Net telephony, says the firm, which plans to double the center's head count within a year.\
Personal Internet Communicator is geared toward families in so-called emerging markets, such as China and India.
NEW YORK -- The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering recommending charges against a Citigroup executive whose departure was announced this week, the financial-services giant said Friday.
AP - Someone gained unauthorized access to Purdue's computer network, prompting school officials to urge all students, staff and faculty to change their passwords.
Shortly before throwing the first pitch in Saturday night #39;s opening game of the World Series, Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield will pause for just a second to locate his wife 
Internet search engine giant Google Inc. trumped analysts #39; revenue forecasts in its first quarter as a public company, but still fell far short of the mark on earnings.
Citigroup Inc. on Friday said US securities regulators are thinking of recommending enforcement proceedings against the former head of Citigroup Global Investment Management.
London - The dollar hovered close to eight-month lows against the euro Friday and a four-month trough against the yen amid worries about the US economic outlook.
To move the blade server market from the enterprise to small and midsize businesses, IBM on Friday unveiled a new BladeCenter chassis and new blade solutions for SMBs.
With a faint air of desperation, David Coulthard has told Williams that he is the best man to be Mark Webbers team-mate in 2005.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canadian ice dancers Aaron Lowe and Megan Wing are off to a strong start at the Skate America competition in Pittsburgh.
A relative cries during the funeral for Israeli soldier Moshe Almaliach, in the southern Israeli town of Dimona, Friday, Oct. 22, 2004.
CUBAN President Fidel Castro, 87, wrote from his hospital bed today that he was doing well after an operation on a knee he broke in a fall.
AP - A court on Friday ordered that former President Rafael Calderon be jailed for nine months as investigators probe corruption allegations.
Half of all U.S. Secret Service agents are dedicated to protecting President Washington #151;and all the other Presidents on U.S. currency #151;from counterfeiters.
The Cassini spacecraft is set to buzz through the upper atmosphere of Saturn's moon Titan on Tuesday, using high-tech cameras to peek at its mysterious surface.
A new study indicates that very high tides are linked with substantial earthquakes along Earth's continental margins. Does the theory hold water?
Just in time for Halloween season, the moon next week will treat us to its most famous trick: changing from bright white to pumpkin orange as it passes through Earth's shadow.
E-commerce Web services specialist is helping retailers take the guesswork out of setting up shop on Amazon.
A group of international researchers transmits data over a 10-Gigabit Ethernet link farther than anyone else to date.
Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.
AP - No. 25 Iowa is having a hard time keeping its tailbacks healthy.
Lawyers representing the state of California questioned French tycoon Francois Pinault in Paris Friday over his alleged role in the illegal buyout of bankrupt insurer Executive Life.
Icelandair Group said Friday it had bought an 8.4 percent stake in budget airline easyJet PLC, whose share price has soared during two days of hectic trading.
A Texas jury on Friday rejected accusations chemical maker Union Carbide had failed to disclose the dangers of asbestos and awarded no damages to Kelly-Moore Paint Co.
The chip originally was to be released in the second half of this year, helping the microprocessor giant in its big push into the consumer electronics market.
An international research team has found the first direct evidence that the Earth is dragging space and time around itself as it rotates, like a spoon spinning in honey.
Rubens Barrichello set the pace Friday in his native city, just ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
AFP - A joint appeal for the release of Dublin-born humanitarian aid worker Margaret Hassan kidnapped in Iraq was issued by the Irish and Palestinian foreign ministers.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes vigilance is the key to knowing whether a player has developed problems outside of his footballing life.
Stephen Richards, CFO of security software maker McAfee, joins the board
Economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter to its weakest level since the run-up to last year #39;s Iraq war, reinforcing expectations the Bank 
The Federal Reserve can slow down the pace of interest rate rises if the economy grows less rapidly than it expects, Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Friday.
We recently reported on Cell processor details that were unveiled to the public. This time around Sony and partners IBM and Toshiba made clear in a joint statement 
Yahoo has quietly purchased e-mail software company Stata Labs, in what could be an investment in a coming PC search tool to rival Google and Microsoft.
How cool would this be? Free WiFi for everyone in San Francisco. San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom set a goal Thursday of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city.
Well, we started the project soon after Morrowind, and our team was split into two groups -- one working on technology for Oblivion, and one working on expansion packs.
Formula One #39;s governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Wolfsburg can reclaim top spot in the Bundesliga for 24 hours at least if they can pile more misery on misfiring Bochum on Saturday.
NEW YORK - Oil and corporate earnings reports dominated the week. Oil bobbled around \$55 a barrel for much of the week. US Federal Reserve Gov.
Publicity from a salmonella outbreak has put a West Virginia produce company out of business, even though inspections found no trace of the bacteria at the plant.
AP - Saab AB reported higher third-quarter profits on Friday and project growth of 5 percent through 2004 as contracts for its military and aviation equipment remained steady during the quarter.
roundup Plus: Unisys boosts COO to CEO...Turn your fingerprints into passwords...IBM gives grants to universities.
Damage to the environment could make existing tensions in the southern Caucasus even more intractable, researchers say.
Iceland #39;s flag carrier Icelandair has bought 8.4 percent of easyJet but stopped short of launching a takeover bid for the low-cost carrier.
Falconbridge Ltd., the world #39;s third- biggest nickel producer, said third-quarter earnings rose more than eightfold as base-metal prices jumped.
AP - Philadelphia defensive end Jerome McDougle missed practice Friday because of an irregular heartbeat and was doubtful for the Eagles' game this weekend against Cleveland.
A report released recently by the National Audubon Society indicates a number of bird species are decreasing in number all over the country.
AP - Notre Dame is out to protect its turf against Boston College on Saturday.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 108 points to about 97-hundred-58. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a five-to-three margin.
Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello fired up his passionate home crowd on Friday with the fastest lap in practice for Sunday #39;s season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix.
Rubens Barrichello went fastest this afternoon  with a lap 2.7s faster than the 2003 pole position.
AP - An Indiana congressional candidate abruptly walked off the set of a debate because she got stage fright.
Apple Computer introduced a slew of new machines as it gears up for the annual holiday-shopping season.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Belgians are less than flattered by all the wisecracks these days about their country from the federal Liberals.
AP - A judge investigating suspicions that Total paid bribes to access markets has opened legal proceedings against one of the oil giant's Middle East directors, judicial officials said Friday.
AP - Zimbabwe's government will prohibit African observers from monitoring national parliamentary elections next year if they have close links with Western countries, an official said Friday.
AP - The Detroit Tigers reached a five-year deal with right-handed pitcher Justin Verlander, the second overall pick in the June draft.
Intel first unveiled its plans to develop a liquid on crystal silicon chip in January. In August, the company said the chip would not be released by the end of the year.
\A new mosque, thought to be the largest in central Asia, is inaugurated in the isolated republic.
Tape storage vendor Quantum Corp. this week announced that it's buying Certance LLC, a maker of a competing tape drive technology.
A European Union judge's decision on whether to suspend sanctions against Microsoft Corp. could come as early as mid-November, sources familiar with the process said today.
A lack of communication between information security, physical security and risk management functions could be leaving gaps in corporate security.
CIOs from three organizations this week outlined steps they're taking to align IT with business goals and detailed some of the results they are seeing from their efforts.
Google #39;s first quarterly earnings statement since its recent IPO rewarded investors with the news that the company has doubled its profits in the past year.
com October 22, 2004, 1:56 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.
In another move to address the increased threat and impact of worms and viruses to networked businesses, Cisco Systems, Inc. (www.
Texas Instruments have just announced they will be building a single chip that will that will allow cell phones to receive digital television broadcasts over a wireless network.
Dhaka: Daniel Vettori captured six wickets as New Zealand completed a hattrick of victories over Bangladesh after clinching the opening Test by an innings and 99 runs on Friday.
More than a hundred thousand fans are expected to descend on the city this weekend to watch some crew races. A playoff game kicks off on Saturday evening 
AP - Michigan's defensive backs have bullied and beaten Purdue's receivers in three straight wins over the Boilermakers.
Independent directors at Marsh   McLennan have begun talking to the New York attorney general about forcing the resignation of Jeffrey W. Greenberg, the chief executive.
US President George W. President Bush signed on Friday a new corporate tax bill which will shower 136 billion dollars on US businesses, farmers and other groups in coming years.
AP - The Supreme Court, which settled the last presidential election, may be drawn into this one even before Election Day.
Forget the three league points at stake. The only thing on the line in Sundays mouth-watering clash between the Premierships two superpowers is pride.
AP - The World Series logo was back on the field at Fenway Park, just like last year.
Last week, Google, a company renowned for its search service, released the Google Desktop, a software program that lets users search through materials stored on their 
A military court sentenced Staff Sgt. Ivan Frederick yesterday to eight years in prison for abusing Iraqi prisoners last year in the grim chambers of Abu Ghraib.
Citigroup said that federal regulators had warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action.
UC Berkeley officials issued a statement of regret about a computer hacking that may have exposed the names and social security numbers of about 600,000 people.
COLUMBUS, Ohio - Mired in a three-game losing streak, Ohio State will be without senior running back Lydell Ross for Saturdays game against Indiana.
Canadian Press - ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - Ottawa and Newfoundland have agreed to disagree over offshore oil royalties.
AP - Alabama has the Southeastern Conference's best defense and rushing offense, and leads the nation in kickoff returns.
AP - In several battleground states across the country, a consulting firm funded by the Republican National Committee has been accused of deceiving would-be voters and destroying Democratic voter registration cards.
AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry would appoint Supreme Court justices who would safeguard a half-century of civil rights gains, his wife said Friday.
Citigroup said today that federal regulators had warned the bank that an investigation of its asset management unit could result in an enforcement action against the executive who ran the division until this week.
United States engineering giant UTC has vowed to battle on in its attempts to buy fire extinguisher maker Kidde. The group, whose 1.
MUNCIE, Ind. - Auto parts supplier Magna International Inc. will build a \$73 million factory to produce powertrain components for General Motors Corp.
AP - SALT LAKE CITY  #151; The race for governor of Utah is a contest between two men from families that might be the closest thing to royalty in this state.
AP - A Green Party candidate for Congress can stay on the ballot despite being on probation for a sex offense conviction, the state attorney's general office said Friday.
Rain washed out qualifying for the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race on Friday, causing the field to be set by owner points and leaving Darrell Waltrip out of the field.
Rubens Barrichello set the pace Friday in his native city, just ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher, as the two took the top times in practice for the Brazilian Grand Prix.
Formula One's governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.
Environmentalists hail the Russian parliament's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol.
Life in Mojave Town, the windswept and deserted frontier trading post in the Californian desert where the new Virgin Galactic base is located, is far from space age.
The European probe Huygens will listen for alien thunderstorms as it descends through the atmosphere of Saturn #39;s moon, Titan, UniverseToday.
A record 2,596 convicted hooligans have been barred from attending football matches both at home and abroad for up to ten years, the Home Office announced yesterday.
Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu enjoys all the trappings of wealth and celebrity: fast cars, designer clothes, fawning followers and a nod into the glitziest nightclubs.
Paul Broadhurst is in the hunt for his first European Tour win for nine years after adding a 65 to his opening 67 in the Madrid Open yesterday.
Havana, Oct. 22 (Agencies): Fidel Castro wont allow himself to be put under general anaesthesia and America wont say get well soon.
A US military court Thursday sentenced Army Sergeant Ivan Frederick to eight years in prison for his part in the abuse of Iraqi detainees at the Abu Ghraib prison.
A Burmese opposition group says there has been a purge of high-ranking military intelligence officials since the departure of the ex-prime minister.
Lebanon #39;s Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president #39;s term was extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.
AP - Cornerback Andre Woolfolk was added to the Tennessee Titans injury report Friday after back spasms forced him to leave practice early.
AP - Brazil on Friday denounced a U.S. magazine report saying Brazil's uranium enrichment plant will give it the potential to build nuclear warheads.
Jeffrey Greenberg, the chief executive of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the insurance broker accused of rigging the market to make inappropriate fees from customers, was yesterday expected 
Google Inc. #39;s already soaring stock price rocketed even higher on Thursday after reporting strong growth in its first quarter as a public company, prompting skeptics 
David Coulthard has set his sights firmly on a drive for Williams after trailing Juan Pablo Montoya, the man who will replace the Scot in the McLaren line-up next year.
A jungle bandit gunned down by police earlier this week was still tantalising India from beyond the grave yesterday. Treasure hunters were said to be scouring the southern jungles 
 SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Toyota could throw a lifeline to  struggling Jordan after saying they would be prepared to supply  a second team with engines next season.
Care International appeals on Arabic television for the release of its Iraq director, Margaret Hassan.
The UN Security Council agrees to reduce by a third its peacekeepers on the divided island of Cyprus.
A court in Uzbekistan sentences 23 people to up to 18 years in jail for their role in a series of atttacks.
The world's smallest independent country, the Pacific island of Nauru, holds elections on Saturday.
A court in Costa Rica orders former president Rafael Angel Calderon be held ahead of his trial on corruption charges.
Several raids have been carried out on opposition offices in Ukraine just over a week before presidential elections.
Britain's largest civil service union votes to stage a one-day strike among its 260,000 members on 5 November.
MUNCIE, Ind. Auto parts supplier Magna International says it will build a 73 (m) million dollar factory in Indiana to produce powertrain components for General Motors.
Researcher finds two flaws that under unusual circumstances could let a malicious program read private data or render a phone unusable.
British economic growth in the third quarter slowed to 0.4 percent, its weakest growth rate in 18months, largely due to a decline in industrial production.
THE Viking invasion of the UK gathered momentum last night when Icelandair confirmed that it had spent about 50 million building an 8.4 per cent stake in easyJet.
before it hatched and which could shed light on the relationship between dinosaurs and birds. behaviour like caring for helpless young first began to evolve.
With a flick of a giant switch, Canada #39;s biggest and most advanced scientific research laboratory will be officially launched later today in Saskatoon.
Sanath Jayasuriya #39;s century put Sri Lanka in a strong position after the third day of the first Test against Pakistan in Faisalabad.
The company plans to announce two servers, the PowerEdge SC420 and the SC1420, for small customers Monday.
But the scoreline and Anders Limpars winner were forgotten when the dust settled on what came to be known as The Brawl at Old Trafford.
PalmOne's Treo 650 sports a sharper screen, faster memory and an improved camera.
Private data-mining software maker scoops up Kevin Thomson, who resigned from Linux maker in July.
AP - Russia's lower house of parliament ratified the Kyoto Protocol on cutting greenhouse gases Friday, all but ensuring the sweeping environmental pact will go into effect after years of delays.
AFP - The world's biggest software company, Microsoft Corp, said that its first quarter profits swelled to 2.9 billion dollars as consumers and businesses pumped up demand for new computers.
AP - A split state wildlife commission rejected extra protections for the California tiger salamander for the second time Friday.
Prince Harry has spoken at length to the Prince of Wales and Prince William after being involved in an early morning scuffle with a photographer outside a nightclub.
News.com reports in the article: Microsoft fixes date for desktop search tool, that the company will offer up a beta release of a desktop search by the end of this year.
PRINCE Harry has said sorry to Prince Charles over his nightclub clash with a photographer. The 20-year-old apologised after explaining why he lunged at Chris Uncle.
Politicians are pushing an idea to fight high health costs by shielding employers from the most expensive medical cases.
On the worst day of Chad Pennington's career, he threw five interceptions in a loss to the Patriots last year. The Jets face the Patriots again on Sunday.
Stock options and a sales gimmick go unnoticed as the software maker reports impressive results.
If the Sun Belt is where the growth is, then Southern Company is a place to be.
Don't bother with the small stuff. Here's what really matters to your lender.
The wireless phone provider's focus on business spills over into the consumer market.
MORE than 800million has been pledged to Sir Richard Branson #39;s space travel adventure - - years before the ship has even been built.
First it was Halo 2, now GTA. The new iteration of the popular Grand Theft Auto franchise was supposed to hit retails shelves by the end of October however pirated 
Margaret Hassan, who works for charity Care International, was taken hostage while on her way to work in Baghdad. Here are the main events since her kidnapping.
Margaret Hassan begged Prime Minister Tony Blair to save her life by withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Intelligence officials fear that for a new generation of disaffected European Muslims, Iraq has become a new holy war.
When Tennessee plays Alabama on Saturday afternoon, Neyland Stadium will be packed with the customarily passionate orange-clad throng.
well, sort of very own -t. Louis Cardinals are in the World Series against the Boston Red Sox. (How did that happen?). Having been a Cardinals 
Senior diplomats of 17 Asian governments Friday adopted a Catalogue of Confidence Building Measures, declaring their intention to promote closer cooperation in the fight against international terrorism.
Reuters - Biotechnology is meeting art\in Venezuela as scientists try to save the country's art\treasures from being ruined by its tropical insects, fungi and\humidity.
Arrests at football games are down by 10 as more fans are subjected to banning orders, the Home Office says.
LAS VEGAS Caesars Entertainment Incorporated announced today that it has agreed to sell its Bally #39;s Casino New Orleans for about 24 (m) million dollars.
Kim Clijsters has stunned the tennis world by announcing her break up with Lleyton Hewitt just four months before their scheduled wedding.
Ryan Newmans record run snatched the pole while Jeff Gordon picked the worst time for a lackluster qualifying effort Friday at Martinsville Speedway.
AP - Cambodia needs urgent help if it is to avoid becoming a "breeding ground for terrorism," the chairman of the Security Council's committee on al-Qaida said Friday.
Under pressure from regulators, the directors of Marsh   McLennan Companies, the big insurance broker, are moving to force the resignation of Jeffrey W. Greenberg.
The cheerleading for Google from the analysts at leading brokerage firms is starting to sound a lot like the days of the dot-com bubble.
As job growth has picked up in many areas of the country, employment has continued to falter in some crucial battleground states.
When Morris Chang, the founder of the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, speaks of the future of the chip business, he sounds somber.
The memorandums charge that Custer Battles repeatedly billed occupation authorities for nonexistent services.
AP - Many states are facing legal challenges over possible voting problems Nov. 2. A look at some of the developments Friday:
AP - A Holstein in western Japan tested positive for mad cow disease in a preliminary test conducted Saturday, an official said.
Reuters - Vice President Dick Cheney\said on Friday he had no confidence in Democratic challenger\John Kerry's ability to fight the war on terror.
Delta Air Lines Inc. could file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection as soon as next week, a source familiar with the matter said.
Oil closed above \$55 a barrel Friday for the first time as traders worried about low stockpiles of heating oil and strong economic growth in China.
Taking pains to demonstrate that he retains firm control over Cuba after fracturing his knee and arm in a fall at a public event, President Fidel Castro says 
Cambodia needs international help in erecting defences against terrorism or it could become a safe haven for al Qaeda and similar groups, Chile #39;s UN ambassador has warned.
Coach Ralph Friedgen, long deemed an offensive guru, is still searching for a way to shake Maryland out of its scoring funk.
SFX, one of the top sports representation firms, is in danger of losing agent Arn Tellem and potentially a star-studded NBA and Major League Baseball client list.
Ryan Newman takes the pole Friday for the Subway 500 at Martinsville (Va.) Speedway.
The Red Sox in the World Series will face a Cardinals lineup that features a balanced offense loaded with speed, power and depth.
Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging the British prime minister to abandon Iraq.
Two weeks after coordinated bombings at several Red Sea resorts in Egypt, investigators have yet to assemble a clear picture of how the attacks occurred or identify the people or group behind them.
Some art experts believe intricate letters painted on a saint's cloak are artist Raphael's monogram.
AP - Andrei Kirilenko feels he is close to a contract extension with the Utah Jazz and hopes to have it finalized within the next few days.
No Australian has ever won the Funai Classic at Disney World, but there were signs here today of an impending break in the drought.
Pleading for her life between terrified sobs, kidnapped aid official Margaret Hassan appeared on a videotape Friday urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to abandon Iraq 
The offenses of the St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox will no doubt keep scoreboard operators busy at Fenway Park for the first two games of the World Series.
TOKYO Oct 22, 2004 - A Holstein in western Japan tested positive for mad cow disease in a preliminary test conducted Saturday, an official said.
The family of the late Mickey Mantle is angry about a decision to temporarily rename the Yankees slugger's eponymous restaurant.
