Researchers expose differences in brain activity between people who fib and those who don't. Brain scans reveal that it really is easier to tell the truth.
More than 300 people are feared dead after a storm triggers flash floods in the Philippines, officials say.
Lawyers and judges are pushing to have New York's divorce law changed, saying it is archaic and heightens hostilities between spouses.
The Transportation Security Administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the work to an Alaska Native Corporation without competition.
Julie Coons, the president of the Technology Council of Maryland, discusses the organization and the region's technology community.
London is seen starting slightly higher on Tuesday after a late recovery on Wall Street, but the continents bourses are seen opening flat.
The Swiss pharmaceutical group Novartis withdrew on Tuesday an application for EU approval of a new arthritis drug called Prexige to await a review of such treatments next year.
A flurry of corporate updates failed to inspire investors today as the FTSE 100 Index slipped back towards the 4700 barrier. Catering group Compass and Rentokil 
The company behind the internet song-swapping service Kazaa today claimed it was merely the musical equivalent of a video recorder as it began its defence in a landmark court case in Australia.
The Beijing municipal government has canceled an order for Microsoft computer software following official complaints that local governments are not buying enough software developed domestically.
One of the hottest holiday gifts this year is the Apple iPod, the digital-age equivalent of the Sony Walkman. The iPod, which stores music files downloaded 
Nokia Corp. will further expand a digital GSM mobile network for Chinese Henan Mobile Communications Corporation Ltd., in a deal valued at \$200 million (euro150 million).
VALVE, the makers of Half-Life, have won a court battle against their distributors Sierra Studios over the rights for pay as you play games.
Unix vendor SCO Group Inc became the victim of a hacker over the Thanksgiving weekend, in an apparent response to the company #39;s claims against the Linux operating system.
IBM has established a new technology centre in the Washingon DC to help IT departments to better define their Tivoli-based infrastructure management strategies.
The Cassini space probe has captured an incredible image of Saturn #39;s tiny moon Mimas, suspended against the grey-blue backdrop of Saturn #39;s rings.
Doping scandals have cost the Swiss cycling team, Phonak, a place on next years ProTour circuit, which includes the world #39;s biggest cycling events.
Doc Rivers plays the part an unfortunate victim in The Grant Hill Story. But it #39;s still a good story, according to the former Magic coach.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Matthew Pinsent this morning announced his retirement from rowing three months after his final triumph in Athens in the coxless fours.
Gough emerged as the leading candidate for the post after captaining Rangers, Scotland and Everton, though this will be his first managerial appointment.
The same-store sales decline slows in November and December, and net income increases.
Rivals CVS and Rite Aid have a bitter pill to swallow as Walgreen stays strong.
More than 200 people are feared dead as a result of flash floods and landslides triggered by a storm in the Philippines, officials say.
Retail sales during the important Thanksgiving weekend showed some strength, with sales measures released Monday reflecting year-over-year growth.
The new chief executive of Citibank Japan apologized at a parliament committee Tuesday and promised that customers who were misled about financial investment risks will be compensated.
The HD DVD format has won a battle in its ongoing war with rival optical format Blu-ray with the announcement that Universal Pictures is backing the technology.
Immediately following the 49ers #39; 24-17 loss to the Dolphins on Sunday, disgusted 49ers coach Dennis Erickson said he would make changes on offense.
Orlando Magic coach Johnny Davis, right, and Boston Celtics #39; coach Doc Rivers get together prior to their game in Orlando, Fla.
The US holiday shopping season got off to a ho-hum start as shoppers lined up for the early-bird specials after Thanksgiving, then stayed home all weekend.
Receive an accredited college degree based on your work and life experience. Almeda University can help you take charge of your career.  Our evaluation process is free.
Sony Corp. said Tuesday it will begin selling in Japan two new models of digital portable music players that support the MP3 format, which is used by its rival iPod.
As cell phones turn into mobile handheld data devices, companies are exploring ways to protect them from being hacked by a growing number of sophisticated viruses designed specifically to attack the wireless world.
Olympic champions Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes were announced as recipients of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field (USATF) on Monday.
The United States announced here Monday that it will eliminate its non-detectable landmines by the end of this year. In a statement issued at the ongoing Nairobi Summit on a 
PRIME Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.
Reliance Energy Ltd., India #39;s second- biggest utility by market value, said it asked six directors who quit last week to withdraw their resignations.
Low-cost carrier Ryanair is to invest 240 million to create its 12th major European base at Shannon Airport, Ireland, it emerged today.
GLASGOW (AFP) - Former Everton and Rangers manager Walter Smith will be confirmed as the new manager of Scotland on Thursday, according to the BBC.
AP - Roger Federer began his Australian Open preparation by beating David Ferrer of Spain 6-1, 6-1 Monday in the first round of the Qatar Open.
AP - Lou Henson will return to coaching but will be in a wheelchair when New Mexico State plays North Texas on Saturday.
AP - Travis Henry wants out of Buffalo because he's unhappy with the prospect of spending another season as Willis McGahee's backup.
THE firm behind leading file-swapping network Kazaa is being sued by the record industry in the latest round of a fight over copyright.
Alberto Gonzales, nominee for attorney general, may face vigorous interrogation during confirmation hearings about his role in the treatment of detainees.
Matthew Pinsent, the four-time Olympic gold medallist, confirmed today that he is to retire from the sport - as reported in The Times yesterday.
The more you hear about the Mets, their offer to Pedro Martinez and their curious pursuit of players like him this offseason, the more you should think about Tom Glavine.
 The Web search company said it will commence its share  buyback offer today for the 23.4 million common shares it may  have issued improperly to previous and current employees and  consultants.
Russia #39;s state-controlled gas monopoly, Gazprom, announced today that it is planning to bid for the main production facility of troubled oil company Yukos.
Sony and Ampex have agreed to end their dispute over a patent covering thumbnail images in digital image storage and retrieval devices.
Sony is broadening support for the MP3 file format in its portable music player range. It will introduce a new hard disk-based MP3 player in December, and will produce 
Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales slipped\during the Thanksgiving holiday week, as consumers took\advantage of discounted merchandise, a retail report said on\Tuesday.
Arsenal may seek a full stock market listing as a means of funding itself after moving to its new stadium, its vice-chairman says.
Shares of Overstock.com hit an all-time high Monday after the online retailer said it posted the largest sales in its history on the day after Thanksgiving.
The busiest hurricane season in years chased tourists from the South Carolina coast last summer. But in recent weeks, as hurricane season passes, tourists are again returning.
AP - To be clear, Steve McNair never used the word retirement.
At least 300 people have died, and another 150 are missing, in floods and landslides unleashed by a storm which struck the northern Philippines.
A car bomb has exploded near a US military patrol in the town of Baiji, north of Baghdad, killing four Iraqi civilians and wounding 19 people, including two US soldiers.
Sales at US retailers including Wal- Mart Stores Inc. probably slowed in November, the start of the holiday shopping season, as rising energy prices curbed consumer spending.
The chance of Harmony succeeding in its hostile bid for Gold Fields was starting to fade, analysts said yesterday after Harmony received about a third of the shares it had hoped 
Former Scotland captain Richard Gough was named as Livingston coach on Tuesday. Gough, 42, who also captained Rangers and Everton and played for Tottenham Hotspur, Nottingham 
Human rights groups said the proposed compensation for those tortured under Chile #39;s former military regime isn #39;t enough, La Tercera reported Tuesday.
Russian Buddhists brave snow and rain to see the Dalai Lama, who is visiting the republic of Kalmykia.
Andra Davis, second on the team with 89 tackles, will need more than five weeks to heal from the torn left medial collateral ligament he suffered in Cincinnati.
Jenson Button has admitted he made a mistake in his attempts to leave BAR and engineer a move to drive for BMW Williams next year.
The soaring cost of oil hits global economic growth, although recovery is not a distant prospect, according to the OECD.
The soaring cost of oil has hit global economic growth, although world #39;s major economies should weather the storm of price rises, according to the OECD.
US Treasury debt slid for a second session on Tuesday as data showed the US economy expanded at a slightly faster pace than first thought in the third quarter, though inflation remained subdued.
Mobile phone giant MMO2 teams up with Japan's NTT DoCoMo to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Mobile phone giant MMO2 is teaming up with Japanese group NTT DoCoMo to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
A Japanese man accused of using file-sharing software to release movies over the Internet received a suspended prison sentence Tuesday.
Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said on Tuesday that Harry Redknapp, who resigned as manager last week, was innocent of any wrong-doing over agent or transfer fees.
SYDNEY A series of mass strandings left 168 whales and dolphins dead on Australian and New Zealand beaches, leaving scientists and wildlife officials searching for the cause Tuesday.
Johannesburg - The Congress of SA Trade Unions (Cosatu) on Tuesday called on the African National Congress to organise an urgent meeting to discuss the tensions between the two organisations.
President George W. Bush has tapped Kellogg Chairman and Chief Executive Carlos Gutierrez to become secretary of the US Commerce Department.
Three Hollywood studios have announced their support for the high definition DVD (HD DVD) standard, raising the likelihood of a tough standards war with Sony #39;s rival Blu-ray technology.
VANQUISHED New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming fears that Australia #39;s domination of the world could continue unabated beyond this generation of champions.
Internet portal Lycos has designed a new type of screensaver, one which constantly requests data from sites that sell items featured in spam emails.
After spending most of Monday negotiating the terms of his departure after nearly four seasons with the team, the Cleveland Browns will fire head coach Butch Davis on Tuesday, league sources told SI.
At least 350 people have died after a tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines, still reeling from last week #39;s typhoon, report agencies.
An aircraft carrying three US military passengers and three American civilian crew is presumed to have crashed in mountains in central Afghanistan at the weekend, military and security sources said on Tuesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said if senior coalition partner Shinui makes good on its threat to quit the government, he will immediately start negotiating with the 
AP - The United States opens the final round of 2006 World Cup qualifying with games at Trinidad and Tobago in February and at Mexico in March.
Sony Corp. announced Tuesday a new 20 gigabyte digital music player with MP3 support that will be available in Great Britain and Japan before Christmas and elsewhere in Europe in early 2005.
AP - Defeated Texas Congressman Martin Frost is among potential candidates for chairman of the Democratic National Committee who are telephoning members about the situation, a leading Democrat said Monday.
Reuters - Several U.S. Supreme Court justices\expressed reservations on Monday about allowing medical\marijuana for sick patients whose doctors have recommended they\smoke it for pain.
Large numbers of people are in the Lebanese capital Beirut for a march in support of Syria's role in the country.
Scientists suggest stress is linked to faster cell ageing - which could lead to the early onset of age-related diseases.
A car bomb in a crowded market north of Baghdad killed at least seven civilians and wounded 18 on Tuesday as a U.S. military patrol passed by.
Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
General Motors Acceptance Corp. plans to sell \$2.7 billion of securities backed by auto loans on Wednesday, a person familiar with the deal said on Tuesday.
It plans instead to produce an  quot;update rollup quot; in the middle of next year as its last security patch for the operating system.
Matthew Pinsent today insisted he felt neither sadness nor regret as he brought the curtain down on one of the most illustrious sporting careers British sport has witnessed.
A tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the Central and Southern Luzon, killing as many as 300 people in a region still reeling from last weeks deadly typhoon.
The Southeastern grocer sinks to a new low as it bows out of the S P 500.
Smithfield Foods Inc., the world #39;s largest pork producer, said profit in the fiscal second quarter rose 61 percent as the company sold more hogs at higher prices.
The euro hit a fresh record high against the dollar above \$1.3329 on Tuesday following the release of weaker-than-expected US consumer confidence data.
Reuters - Cleveland Browns head\coach Butch Davis resigned Tuesday.
European cell phone group mmO2 has agreed to adopt the i-mode mobile Internet technology pioneered by Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo and plans to bring 
An order for Microsoft software was cancelled by Beijing #39;s municipal government after complaints that local governments do not support software developed domestically.
An Indonesian airplane with 146 people aboard skidded off the runway on landing at central Java #39;s Solo airport, killing at least 10 people and injuring dozens.
Much of Italy has been shut down Tuesday by a general strike called by unions to protest Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s economic policy.
Iraqi insurgents are targeting fellow Iraqis serving as police or national guardsmen and their families, the New York Times reported Tuesday.
 CLEVELAND, Ohio (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns head  coach Butch Davis resigned Tuesday.
Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton's pro cycling team fired him after he failed doping tests, the sport's world governing body said Tuesday.
AP - Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
Europe #39;s biggest budget airline Ryanair launched another European hub on Tuesday at Shannon Airport in the west of Ireland, and said it was also looking to expand in Italy.
AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Reuters - Online travel agency Priceline.com Inc.\ said on Tuesday it will no longer offer Northwest\Airlines Corp.  tickets due to a disagreement over the\terms of distribution.
Microsoft said it will deliver an  quot;update rollup quot; for Windows 2000 in mid-2005, rather than a final service pack for the operating system.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Fast, inexpensive and highly pocketable
Songwriter Guy Chambers helps schools introduce lessons on music piracy and copyright.
MMO2 gears up to launch i-mode internet services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.
Good riddance! Tuesday #39;s the last day of the 2004 hurricane season -- a day of relief for millions of Florida residents battered by four punishing hurricanes.
AP - FC Barcelona asked the European soccer body, UEFA, whether it will be safe for the team to play in a Champions League game in Ukraine next week.
Anhui Mobile Communications, a subsidiary of China Mobile, has commissioned the Siemens Communications Group to expand the GSM and GPRS mobile network in the province of Anhui.
Microsoft filed lawsuits late last week against eight resellers nationwide for allegedly buying and selling counterfeit and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming says England will have to play extremely well to beat Australia in next year #39;s Ashes series, but they have the players to do it.
Troubled Bank of Scotland Premier League side Livingston today appointed Richard Gough as their new manager. Gough emerged as the leading candidate for the post after captaining Rangers, Scotland and Everton 
VIENTIENE, Laos: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong hopes ASEAN will be able to bring forward the deadline to become an Economic Community before 2020.
71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.
WEDNESDAY #39;S Carling Cup clash between Manchester United and Arsenal pits together two of the fiercest rivals in the English game.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; User feedback from TechnoDepot
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Contracting out the blame...
The dollar sagged to a record low against the euro on Tuesday after remarks on monetary policy by European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet did not detract from bullish euro sentiment.
Bank of Nova Scotia, Canada #39;s third- largest bank, said profit climbed for a sixth consecutive quarter, driven by capital markets-related fees and international banking.
Three of the top 10 PC vendors will be pushed out of the business by 2007, research firm Gartner predicted Monday. By Gregg Keizer.
AP - The Peach Bowl wants Florida to play in the Dec. 31 game  #151; and hopes Ron Zook will hang around to coach the Gators for a few more weeks.
AP - Georgia Tech finally will play in a bowl that's not too far from home.
Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures and Warner Brothers have all thrown their weight behind high definition DVD, which was developed by Toshiba and NEC.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
The crew of the International Space Station flew an emergency lifeboat from one docking port to another at the outpost Monday, clearing the way for two spacewalks planned for next year.
The Cassini space probe has taken a stunning image of Saturn #39;s moon Mimas against the blue-grey backdrop of Saturn #39;s rings.
China has been accused of blocking access to Google News by the media watchdog, Reporters Without Borders.
Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein insisted Thierry Henry was the only realistic candidate to win the FIFA World Player of the Year award.
Up to 31 people have been killed and many more injured after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew crashed on landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java.
a Congolese minister has said, shortly after the Rwandan president said his forces may have launched an attack. region, where four million people have died in the past decade 
A top Ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by Interfax-Ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.
If it can boot off smut peddlers, it can boot off copyright infringers
LONDON : The euro hit a new record high of 1.3336 dollars in European trading following publication of disappointing US consumer confidence data.
Brazil's economy expanded 6.1 percent in the third quarter compared to same period a year ago, lifted by exports and rising domestic consumer demand, the government said Tuesday.
Why Russia, the U.S. and Europe care so much about Ukraine's disputed presidential election
A few months after winning his fourth Olympic Gold Medal Matthew Pinsent, one of Britain #39;s premier rowers in recent years has announced his retirement.
Fan violence is worse -- and much more common -- at soccer \games in Europe
Support from allies becomes crucial in solving crises
Public services across part of Italy have been brought to a standstill as workers take to the streets to protest against the government #39;s economic policies.
Sybase said on Tuesday that it will partner with IBM to sell its Linux database software, potentially dealing a blow to Sun, another long-standing partner.
Microsoft announced on Monday that it will not release a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39;s operating system.
In the second part of his car show-inspired hunt for investment ideas, Jeff Hwang tosses up three video game publishers and a tire maker.
Cord blood offers an ethical means of using stem cells to heal illness.
On the same day that a report credited strong consumer spending for fuelling the US economy, a separate report found sentiment among those very consumers waned in November.
German compact disc and DVD equipment company Singulus and Japan #39;s Sony have teamed up to develop a new technology for music and video discs, Singulus said on Tuesday.
Striking out against spammers (sounds good already!) Lycos have developed a screensaver that should help to put the nasty blighters out of business.
US Coast Guard officials still have not determined what caused a Greek-owned tanker to leak 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday, but did reveal Monday 
Anti-landmine activists meeting in Nairobi say the US is setting a  bad example by not joining a worldwide ban.
D.C. Council Chair Linda Cropp has filed an eleventh-hour proposal that would significantly alter a plan to build a baseball stadium.
TORONTO - Royal Bank said Tuesday the cost of eliminating 1,660 jobs pushed its fourth-quarter earnings down 31 per cent to \$518 million.
AP - NHL commissioner Gary Bettman reiterated the league's position that it won't consider the players' proposed luxury tax.
Nov. 30 - So far they #39;ve done the recipe only on a small scale in an Idaho laboratory. The ingredients are water, electricity and extreme heat.
An unexpectedly weak reading for US consumer confidence pushes the dollar to a fresh low against the euro.
Abbey bank cancels about 1,000 credit and debit cards after receiving a security warning over an online merchant.
Lawyers for file-swapping software firm Kazaa launch their defence in a landmark Australian internet music piracy case.
Largely overlooked during the holiday craziness last month, Yahoo introduced real-time traffic information for 70 major U.S. cities.
_ Consumer confidence declined in November for a fourth consecutive month, a private research group reported Tuesday, reflecting doubts about the economy once the holidays are past.
Hewlett-Packard #39;s new OpenView software is designed to help companies automate IT responses to business events, such as a jump in order-processing transactions.
The conversion rate of water into hydrogen ranges between 45 and 50 percent in high temperatures, compared with about 30 percent in electrolysis, researchers said.
Livingston, Scotland (Sports Network) - Livingston hired former Scotland and Rangers defender Richard Gough to be its new head coach on Tuesday.
Neil Mellor is prepared to play in the reserves in order to remain a Liverpool player despite interest from Sheffield United Football Club.
Wasting little time, Omar Minaya has reportedly offered Pedro Martinez a three-year, \$37.5 deal, with an option for a fourth season.
Iran boasted on Tuesday it had defeated US efforts to send its nuclear case to the UN Security Council while warning that its uranium enrichment freeze would only last for a few months.
Sudan has decided to postpone a decision to expel the heads of two British aid agencies - Oxfam and Save the Children - citing administrative difficulties and humanitarian grounds.
AP - West Virginia University's neurosurgery department has launched a new system to help surgeons view brain disorders and diseases more precisely.
AP - University of New Mexico researcher Barbara Cohen now knows for certain that the rock she found while trolling the barren Antarctica landscape is special.
AP - A total of 115 whales and dolphins died after swimming onto beaches on two southern Australian islands, authorities said Tuesday as the search continued for more pods in danger.
19-year-old Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps' drunken driving trial is set for Dec. 29.
The board of Reliance Energy, a unit of Reliance Industries, said the six directors, all long-time employees of the group, would resume their normal duties and that it continued 
In a new take on fighting spam, Web portal Lycos Europe has launched a screensaver designed to bombard Web sites promoted in unsolicited e-mail.
Tribune Co. #39;s Hoy newspaper, one of several US papers caught up in a circulation scandal, overstated circulation at its New York edition by more than 46 percent last 
If your knee-jerk reaction to a negative opinion is to attack the source, your chance of investing success is reduced.
TORONTO (CP) - Negative economic indicators helped send stock markets lower Tuesday while two more big Canadian banks reported quarterly profits.
Valve announced recently that it had won the first round in the legal fight between it and publisher Vivendi Universal Games. The US Federal District Court in Seattle has upheld the complaint 
Sophos virus experts have advised customers not to panic, following media reports of a new version of the Skulls Trojan horse for Symbian Smartphones.
Georgia Tech will play in the Champs Sports Bowl in Orlando, two people familiar with the situation told the Journal-Constitution Monday.
President Bush is on his way to Canada for a two-day trip that will mark his first official visit to America #39;s northern neighbor.
Free trade agreements are flying around East Asia these days, with even South Asian neighbor India, getting a piece of the action.
AFP - Southeast Asian leaders completed a series of meetings in Laos where renewed embarrassment over military-ruled Myanmar threatened to overshadow the signing of an historic trade deal with China.
David Blunkett repays Parliament for a train ticket he gave to his ex-lover  and apologises for a "genuine mistake".
Increased spending by consumers and business helps US economic growth rise at a higher-than-predicted rate in the July to September period.
With the top two commercial Linux distributions based on the Linux 2.6 kernel, the open-source operating system could gain greater footing among enterprise apps.
A major Hispanic interests group praised US President George Bush Tuesday for picking Kellogg #39;s chief executive Carlos Gutierrez for commerce secretary.
Oil prices were up 12 cents to \$49.88 a barrel in electronic trading in Europe in advance of the opening on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Wayne Gretzky fears the NHL could be shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon.
Sony and IBM introduced Monday the first workstation based on the Cell processor, which they jointly developed in partnership with Toshiba.
The Beijing municipal government may be reconsidering its controversial decision to sign a sweeping deal with Microsoft. Microsoft beat domestic software developers out of a 3.6M dollar contract on November 
America Online Inc. on Tuesday started testing a prototype of the Netscape browser that lets users switch from the Mozilla rendering engine to Internet Explorer with the click of a button.
SEATTLE A central Pennsylvania company is named in a lawsuit filed by Microsoft on claims of counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity.
IBM on Monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company #39;s products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
All ISS systems continue to function nominally, except those noted previously or below. Crew rest day after yesterday s successful Soyuz TMA-5/9S relocation.
At a specially convened news conference today, Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric cleared former boss Harry Redknapp of any wrong doing in his transfer deals during his time at the club.
The San Francisco Giants have agreed to terms on a three-year, \$21 million contract with Marlins free agent closer Armando Benitez, according to several media reports.
It has now been confirmed by the Browns that Butch Davis has resigned as head coach of the team. The Browns will be holding a press conference with Team President John Collins at 2PM today.
Hanover, NH (Sports Network) - Dartmouth University fired head football coach John Lyons on Tuesday. The Big Green finished just 1-9 this season, marking the worst record in school history.
The Angels are renaming themselves yet again, saying Monday it will be known as the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Speaking after a meeting with the Irish Prime Minister in Dublin, party president Gerry Adams said:  quot;We are concerned that the time frame is stretching.
The Democratic Republic of Congo #39;s Minister for Regional Cooperation says Rwandan soldiers have entered Congo and attacked three villages in eastern Congo.
Consumer confidence increased slightly across the region going into the Christmas shopping season, although it remains below its levels of a year before.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced today the settlement of charges against American International Group revolving around the marketing of transactions that would remove possible volatile assets from the balance sheets of companies.
In an attempt to create a state energy leviathan, the Russian natural gas monopoly Gazprom said today that it would bid for the prize oil assets of Yukos.
US consumer confidence unexpectedly fell in November to the lowest level in eight months as higher energy prices damped optimism among low-income Americans.
American International Group Inc. (AIG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to pay \$126 million and appoint an independent monitor to settle allegations it helped 
Intelsat loses a satellite, which could mean lost millions for the defense contractor.
The stock has soared thanks to homebuilders, but not enough profits are built into the price.
com. Lycos Europe is taking the fight to the enemy, launching a screensaver that conducts a group denial-of-service attack against sites marketing products via spam.
com. Beijing #39;s municipal government canceled a \$3.5 million deal with Microsoft under pressure from national government officials and in-country rivals, financial sources reported Monday.
Sun Microsystems on Monday disclosed plans to acquire SevenSpace Inc., an Ashburn, Va.-based provider of IT outsourcing and managed services.
LONDON : Bolton #39;s El-Hadji Diouf was banned for three matches after pleading guilty to a charge of improper conduct for spitting.
just one short of the figure in April which was the highest monthly toll so far. The US military says it expects violence to escalate before elections scheduled for January 30.
AP - Liverpool beat Norwich 2-1 on the road Monday behind second-half goals by Luis Garcia and John Arne Riise to move up to fifth place in the Premier League.
AP - Coach Tyrone Willingham was fired by Notre Dame on Tuesday after three seasons in which he failed to return one of the nation's most storied football programs to prominence.
AP - Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping.
AP - Right now, life is a blur for new South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier.
PC World - 71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.
AP - Andy Roddick is known for his power. He'll need patience, too, in the Davis Cup final against Spain.
When the last breath was squeezed out of New Zealand just after lunch yesterday, with it went an appalling test series on virtually all counts.
An estimated 100 million locusts force tourists and locals to abandon beaches in the Canary Islands.
The resignation would be effective Feb. 1, unless a successor was confirmed before then, Tom Ridge said.
Notre Dame fired Tyrone Willingham as its football coach today after a 6-5 season that culminated with a 41-10 loss to top-ranked Southern Cal on Saturday night.
A 40km stretch of road is being dug up over four months to bring high-speed internet access to Cumbria.
A BBC One documentary will be broadcast in both English and Hindi for the first time.
An estimated 100 million locusts force tourists and locals to abandon beaches in the Canary Islands.
Global thirst for crude oil keeps growing, despite high prices. Just how much oil does the world have left, and what will happen when demand begins to outstrip supply?
Sun Microsystems has agreed to purchase IT services company SevenSpace Inc. The move takes Sun further away from its traditional focus on supporting only its Solaris operating system platform.
Plus, one ripe Rule Breaker, an earnings pig-out, and focus on future dividend yields.
AP - First, Iran backed down before the U.N. nuclear watchdog. Then it set last-minute conditions, called the retreat only temporary and claimed victory over Washington.
Next chapter in Ubisoft #39;s Tom Clancy anti-terrorism FPS to feature darker storyline, optimized graphics for PS2, new gear, and more.
The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order Tuesday that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
He becomes the seventh cabinet member to resign since the election. A White House spokesman insists it #39;s nothing more than second term turnover.
Despite some media assertions to the contrary, the world's scientific community has reached consensus that human-induced climate change is real, a review finds.
Robust consumer spending during the third quarter helped the US economy advance faster than first thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, while underlying inflation was the tamest in decades.
American International Group, Inc. reported that AIG Financial Products Corp., a subsidiary, has reached an \$80 million settlement with the Department of Justice concerning charges that stemmed from structured 
Universal Pictures is among the first Hollywood studios to announce its support for HD DVD, the high-definition optical disc format backed by a coalition of technology companies led by Toshiba.
It is the first time Ferguson and Gunners boss Arsene Wenger have faced each other since October 24 in a Barclays Premiership match which was riddled with bad blood and accusations.
Next week #39;s Champions League match between Barcelona and Shakhtar Donetsk will go ahead as scheduled in Ukraine after authorities guaranteed security for the game.
Rarely has the impotence of the international community #39;s response to the crisis in Sudan #39;s Darfur province been so exposed as during the past week.
Crude oil futures prices fell Tuesday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
AP - The coach who made burnout a part of sports lexicon is 68 and enduring one of the most disappointing years of a long, distinguished career.
in Germany, the fourth-place team will play the No. 5 nation in Asia in a. on the road. The Americans reached the World Cup for the first time in 40 years.
The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Women #39;s clothing retailer Chico #39;s FAS Inc. on Tuesday posted a 39 percent jump in third-quarter profit, helped by sharply higher sales and improved margins.
Ubisoft today announced its plans to launch the next installment in the Tom Clancys Rainbow Six franchise in Spring 2005. The next Rainbow Six game follows Team Rainbow, the worlds most 
London - Princess Diana was self-conscious about her intelligence, or lack of it, according to videotapes broadcast in the United States.
The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
The four-day trip through the region is designed to assure nations devastated by the tsunami of the United States' support.
The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines sought a court order today that the carrier be required to make up hundreds of millions of dollars 
The US Supreme Court, siding with the financial services industry, tightened the limits on damages consumers can get from companies that violate the federal Truth in Lending Act.
America Online (Quote, Chart) released an updated prototype of its Netscape Navigator browser today to a limited number of beta testers.
CRN India: Red Hat aims to more deeply penetrate the enterprise by launching its first Linux distribution based on the Linux 2.6 kernel.
AP - Gunmen shot and killed a senior official from the mainstream Palestinian Fatah party Tuesday in the Balata refugee camp, party officials said.
CHICAGO The trustee firm representing employee pension funds at United Airlines wants the carrier to make up millions in skipped pension contributions before exiting bankruptcy.
Scientists at the University of Warwick have designed a hi-tech solution to an old-technology problem: a cellphone case made of biodegradable polymer.
BOLTON Wanderers have played down rumours that they were considering dismissing El-Hadji Diouf after the strikers latest public disgrace.
Frank Lampard scored with two minutes remaining as Chelsea defeated Fulham 2-1 to advance to the semifinals of English soccer #39;s League Cup.
MEMPHIS, Tenn. Undefeated Boise State will play Number Seven Louisville in the AutoZone Liberty Bowl game on December 31st (in Memphis).
Seville, Spain - The United States, led by Andy Roddick, should be the favourite going into the Davis Cup final against Spain - except for a few small details.
With an offer in hand from the New York Mets, Pedro Martinez will wait to see what the New York Yankees do before deciding where he #39;ll play next year.
A US human rights group urged German prosecutors Tuesday to investigate accusations that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and senior US officers are guilty of war crimes over the Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal.
A leaked European Union draft that says Turkey will have to recognize the Republic of Cyprus before joining the EU has infuriated the Turkish government.
Iraq #39;s interim prime minister went to Jordan on Tuesday for meetings with tribal figures and other influential Iraqis in a bid to encourage Sunni Muslims to participate in the Jan.
It #39;s about time. As we speculated a few months ago, Sony has announced plans for a hard-drive based digital audio player that will support the MP3 compression format.
Sybase said today that it has struck a deal with IBM in which Big Blue will market and distribute Sybase #39;s Linux database management software.
A deeply divided DC City Council today voted initial approval of a bill to publicly finance a new baseball stadium - but without a majority of the council #39;s support.
President George W. Bush, confronted by antiwar protesters in Canada, defended his decision to invade Iraq and said the US would always act against threats even if opposed by other nations.
The pension fund of New York State filed suit in federal court accusing Merck of misleading shareholders about the safety of its pain reliever, Vioxx.
Veteran quarterback Kurt Warner continues to feel like he has good football left to play, but his next chance may have to come outside of the Giants organization.
At the conclusion of the Second Trans-Tasman Test, New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming talked of his teams inability to withstand the best ever Test attack.
The seemingly endless battle over mp3s and filesharing wages on as the largest copyright infringement case in Australian history began yesterday (November 29) in Sydney.
Mobile telephones are one of the most quickly discarded items of consumer electronics. Rapid changes in technology and taste means customers constantly upgrade their phones leaving behind more and more discarded phones.
Security continues to hold steady over software as the third top IT priority, with organizations busy coping with cyber threats, keeping up with software 
With characteristic eloquence and humour, the 34-year-old quadruple Olympic rowing champion yesterday announced his widely-predicted decision to retire, thus laying to rest the question that 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Gary Sheffield of the New York Yankees underwent successful arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder Tuesday.
Cyclical weather patterns have driven more than 150 whales and dolphins to become stranded on Australian and New Zealand beaches since the weekend, scientists say.
Australia #39;s largest listed company, telecommunications giant Telstra Corp., announced Wednesday that its chief executive will stand down by July 2005 - two years before his contract ends.
Major creditors holding billions in claims on Tuesday supported plans by US Airways (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) to void labor contracts covering thousands 
AP - The District of Columbia Council approved financing a ballpark for the Washington-bound Expos after voting Tuesday to cap funding at  #36;630 million.
AP - The NBA will set new security guidelines for its arenas, exerting more authority over a matter previously left to individual teams, commissioner David Stern said Tuesday.
AP - Engineers at Hewlett-Packard Co. are working on "virus-throttling" software that they say could slow the spread of Internet-borne viruses and worms.
AP - When the telephone rang, Martin Gramatica was prepared for the news.
AP - Lucent Technologies Inc. signed a four-year agreement to supply equipment for Cingular Wireless' rollout of its nationwide 3G high-speed wireless data system.
AP - Criminal charges were filed Tuesday against a former executive at Network Associates Inc., alleging he illegally profited from advance knowledge of a massive sales shortfall in 2000.
AP - Boston College missed out on a Bowl Championship Series game thanks to a lopsided loss to Syracuse, so it must settle for the Continental Tire Bowl instead.
AP - President Bush tried on Tuesday to repair U.S.-Canada relations strained by years of bickering over trade and Iraq, although he stood by policies that have irritated Canadians.
A new UN report, marking Wednesday's World AIDS day, estimates that 5 million people this year got HIV.
Siemens Communications Inc. reported Tuesday that it signed a multiyear agreement with Cingular Wireless to develop a third-generation, or 3G, universal mobile telecommunications system.
Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio is to dissolve parliament and call early elections over a cabinet crisis.
Scientists reconstruct part of the genetic code of a 75-million-year-old mammal ancestor.
Reports of Home Office letters raise new questions on whether David Blunkett "fast-tracked" a visa for his ex-lover's nanny.
Billionaire Mark Cuban isn't content with owning the Dallas Mavericks and running a high-definition TV broadcasting company...
Crude oil prices fell Tuesday as traders expected that an upcoming government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Continental Airlines Tuesday said Jeff Smisek, executive vice president and president-elect, has been elected to its board of directors.
Washington Mayor Anthony Williams attends the DC Council baseball debate, Tuesday, Nov. 30, 2004, in Washington. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta).
America Online today released a preview of a new Netscape browser that is based on the Firefox browser, but also supports Microsoft's Internet Explorer engine.
Online retail sites struggle to keep up with consumer demand during the first week of the holiday shopping season, according to Internet performance management vendor Keynote Systems Inc.
IT departments at a several universities issued warnings about problems caused by the Marketscore software which promises to speed up Web browsing.
Shipments of Apple Computer's Xserve soared in the third quarter of 2004 by 119 over the same period last year, according to market research firm Gartner Dataquest.
PARIS - Is Bill Gates preparing to switch careers, from software architect to ambassador?
Tuesday's "Robo Recital" at the Juilliard School continues the age-old interaction between composition and technology.
Australia #39;s largest listed company, telecommunications giant Telstra Corp., announced Wednesday that its chief executive will stand down by July 2005 - two years before his contract ends.
Rentokil warned yesterday that its profits would fall next year, sending shares in the rat-catching to security firm down by more than 5 per cent to a four-month low.
AFP - British police have raided three properties in the area of the northern city of Manchester under Britain's main anti-terrorism law.
With countries still bitterly divided over the war in Iraq, a high-level panel appointed by the United Nations has recommended a five-step guideline to determine when to use military action.
When Pittsburgh came to Oakland for an interleague series last summer, Billy Beane couldn #39;t believe Jason Kendall was the lone catcher on the Pirates #39; roster.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks and bonds fell on Tuesday  as the dollar hit a record low against the euro.
although not large ones - were given a reprieve yesterday from requirements imposed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom scandals that they certify their financial controls.
American International Group and federal regulators have completed a settlement that calls for the company to pay \$126 million in penalties and restitution and to 
US scientists announced they had made a breakthrough in the research of low-cost hydrogen fuel. Researchers from the US government #39;s Idaho National Engineering and Environmental 
This is what passes now for perspective in college football. Where the fire-the-coach Web sites pop up by his third game, and the boosters circle like sharks.
Matthew Pinsent hinted yesterday that he may return to duty with the International Olympic Committee on announcing his retirement from international rowing.
THE imminent appointment of Walter Smith as the national manager will restore to influence the dynasty which stretches all the way back to Jock Stein.
Rashad Anderson scored 17 points and Hilton Armstrong had a career-high five blocked shots as No. 7 Connecticut cruised to a 99-48 victory over Florida International on Tuesday night.
Iran #39;s chief nuclear negotiator said Tuesday that Iran would suspend its uranium enrichment activities for only a few months while negotiations with Europe for a longer-term 
The Cuban authorities on Tuesday freed the dissident writer Ral Rivero, the best known of a dozen political prisoners released during the past few days in a 
MARAGUNDON, Philippines - A powerful rainstorm triggered landslides and flash floods that killed nearly 340 people in the eastern Philippines, officials said yesterday.
International mediators are to try to break the deadlock caused by Ukraine's disputed presidential elections.
AFP - Liverpool went fifth in the Premier League with a 2-1 win away to relegation-threatened Norwich.
Researchers say a new programme could help create a DNA database of all life on Earth, ever.
Tyrone Willingham, who was the first African-American head coach at Notre Dame in any sport, compiled a record of 21-15 in three seasons.
The Oakland County prosecutor, David Gorcyca, said Tuesday that no charges were imminent for Indiana players involved in the Nov. 19 brawl with Detroit Pistons fans.
Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton was fired by Phonak, his Swiss cycling team, two months after testing positive for illegal blood transfusions.
The Bush administration will not remove federal dams on the Columbia and Snake Rivers to protect 11 endangered species of salmon and steelhead, even as a last resort.
The head of the United Nations' AIDS program warned that the three countries could turn their small, localized epidemics into gigantic ones capable of disrupting the world's response to the disease.
The main pension fund of New York State filed a lawsuit against Merck   Company, accusing it of misleading shareholders about the safety of its pain drug Vioxx.
Sean Harrigan, a figure in the corporate governance movement, said that he expected to be ousted as president of the board of California's large public pension fund.
A string of disappointing economic reports released Tuesday heightened concerns that Japan's recovery may be fading fast.
After getting shut out in the 2002 Games, U.S. Skiing is predicting a substantial medal haul for the women's Alpine skiing team in Turin.
New York Mets general manager Omar Minaya appears intent on making a splash by pursuing free agent pitcher Pedro Martinez.
Prospects for the global economy next year are growing dimmer as oil prices hurt consumption and the rise in the U.S. trade deficit depresses the dollar.
The fourth-ranked Yellow Jackets use a 20-0 first-half run to bury Michigan early and cruise to a 99-68 triumph on Tuesday night.
Providence scores just five second-half field goals on 19 percent shooting to allow Winthrop to rally and defeat the Friars, 60-54, on Tuesday night.
In the end, Cleveland #39;s Butch Davis was right where he wanted to be, which was ironic because it was that position that made him such a convenient target for dismissal.
AFP - Online holiday shopping rose 25 percent in 2004 to 23.2 billion dollars, a survey showed.
MORE than 300 people died and at least 150 remained missing after flash floods and landslides devastated three coastal towns and left swathes of the northern Philippines under water yesterday.
Israel is expected to ask Egypt Wednesday to deploy troops deep in the Sinai to combat arms smuggling, and not to suffice with enhancing its patrols along its border with the Gaza Strip.
Verizon's agreement with Philadelphia brings new life to the city's WiFi plans.
Five wickets stand between the Australians and victory on the final day against New Zealand to complete a 2-0 win in the series. Set a prohibitive 464 to win in Adelaide, New 
AP - Kelenna Azubuike emerged from a season-long shooting slump, scoring 21 points and No. 8 Kentucky beat Tennessee Tech 92-63 on Tuesday night.
AP - A complete set of 1914 Cracker Jack baseball cards featuring "Shoeless" Joe Jackson and Ty Cobb has been sold for a record  #36;800,000.
AP - Daphne Andre scored 21 points, including two free throws that sealed the win following a key steal, leading Houston to a 63-60 upset of No. 14 Purdue on Tuesday night.
It seems to be a basketball paradox. Kentucky dominates its early-season opposition. Coach Tubby Smith finds no difficulty in convincing his players of their shortcomings.
As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsofton Tuesday said it filed lawsuits against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Hewlett-Packard bolstered its security portfolio Tuesday, announcing availability of an identity management product for enterprises and a security management initiative for small and midsize businesses.
Experts call Marketscore software a privacy threat.
Preview version seeks best of both worlds, is based on Firefox.
The Associated Press By Rachel Konrad
Reuters - The death toll from a coal mine blast\in northern China has risen to 166, Xinhua news agency said on\Wednesday.
Florida A amp;M had played two other ranked teams this season and was blown out both times. Mohamed Abukar scored a career-high 22 points, and No.
AP - The death toll in a massive coal mine explosion in central China rose Wednesday to 166 after scores of missing miners were declared dead, government radio reported.
AP - Steve Nash had 20 points and 14 assists to lead the Phoenix Suns to their eighth straight win, 115-102 over the Utah Jazz on Tuesday night.
During the early morning of January 25, 2003, the Sapphire/Slammer worm ripped through 75,000 computers in less than half an hour.
NBA commissioner David Stern says the NBA will set new security guidelines for its arenas, exerting more authority over a matter previously left to individual teams.
AP - California receiver Jonathan Makonnen expects to play in the regular-season finale Saturday at Southern Mississippi after missing the last four games with a bruised liver.
Solo city as it landed in heavy rain around dusk on Tuesday after a flight from Jakarta. Other sources were giving different numbers on casualties.
Rome: Millions of Italian workers took part in a one-day general strike against the economic policies of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Telstras embattled chief executive resigned on Wednesday as Australias largest telecommunications company prepared for the A\$30bn sale of the governments remaining shareholding.
THE imminent appointment of Walter Smith as Scotland football manager has been given a glowing endorsement by leading figures in the game.
AFP - LG Philips LCD is to invest five billion dollars in new facilities to produce next-generation flat panel displays in order to strengthen its global market leadership.
AP - Duke again was too much for Michigan State, thanks almost entirely to J.J. Redick and Daniel Ewing.
Indonesian transport safety officials have launched an inquiry into the crash of a passenger plane in central Java which has killed more than 30 people and injured at least 60 others.
The threat of renewed war in the eastern part of Democratic Republic of Congo increased yesterday amid unconfirmed reports by diplomats and a claim by a Congolese minister that 
(IsraelNN.com) Egypts foreign minister and intelligence chief are scheduled to arrive for high-level talks in Jerusalem this morning.
PC World - Experts call Marketscore software a privacy threat.
AP - Russia's Federal Space Agency and NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Higher oil prices have slowed economic growth in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, but it should expand by 3.6 percent this year.
Australian telecommunications giant Telstra is looking for a new CEO to handle its full privatization after incumbent Ziggy Switkowski resigned Wednesday.
The Swiss Phonak Cycling team has issued an official statement on the rejection of the team #39;s ProTour license on its website, www.
A key figure in the Kazaa file-sharing trial arrives in Sydney today to give evidence of Australian users downloading copyright material via the peer-to-peer software.
Thefacebook.com, a Web site that began 10 months ago, is now the most popular way to either network or waste time for a million college students.
Cingular Wireless announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads on many home broadband connections.
The Bush administration upheld yesterday the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Santa Clara, Calif.,-based Sun will acquire SevenSpace in an all-cash transaction for an undisclosed amount.
MOSCOW -- An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Microsoft is investigating a security flaw in Windows server software that could allow an attacker to gain complete control over systems running the software, the company said.
Peja Stojakovic scored 29 points to steer the Sacramento Kings to their eighth victory in nine games, a 98-93 decision over the Memphis Grizzlies Tuesday.
If Pedro Martinez stats, news ultimately decides to re-sign with the Red Sox stats, schedule - still a distinct possibility - it will not be for four more years.
The New Zealand government has agreed to a range of initiatives to build closer ties with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), Prime Minister Helen Clark announced Wednesday.
Microsoft Research plans to establish its first-ever lab in India, hoping to attract top research talent in a country known for producing high-quality computer scientists.
At least 100 Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5-percent pay cut agreed upon in a \$1 billion 
The board of Indian power utility Reliance Energy Ltd. told the Bombay exchange Tuesday it had asked its six directors who resigned last week to reconsider their resignations.
Reuters - Botswana President Festus Mogae issued a\blunt message to his people Wednesday on HIV/AIDS: abstain from\unsafe sex or die.
Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton was fired by his cycling team two months after testing positive for blood doping. The Swiss-based International Cycling Union, or UCI, said Tuesday 
AFP - Australia has failed to obtain a leaked Red Cross report alleging that terrorist suspects held at a US military camp in Cuba were tortured, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
AP - Alando Tucker scored a career-high 27 points and No. 25 Wisconsin beat No. 12 Maryland 69-64 in the ACC-Big Ten Challenge on Tuesday night.
 RIO DE JANEIRO (Reuters) - Mexico will start the final  stage of CONCACAF's marathon World Cup qualifying competition  with a tough fixture in Costa Rica.
 For  relatives and friends of Kirk Bosselmann, few things the Marine Corps corporal did surprised them.
Microsoft Research will open a laboratory in Bangalore, India, the company #39;s third research installation overseas and a sign of India #39;s increasing importance in tech.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson turned up the heat on Arsenal by stating he doesn #39;t regard them as major title rivals.
The Palestinians' likely next President hopes to take on the militants--and Arafat's legacy
How can you ensure that your contributions are put to best possible use?
Washington state #39;s highest court has agreed to review a key issue in a contentious lawsuit that could determine whether Seattle continues to have two daily newspapers.
World News: Baghdad, Nov 30 : Four people were killed and 20 injured in an attack on a US military convoy in Iraq Tuesday, reports Xinhua.
Prospects for the global economy next year are growing dimmer as high oil prices hurt consumption and the unchecked rise in the United States trade deficit depresses the dollar 
Reuters - Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio began\moves Tuesday to dissolve parliament and call an election after\deciding Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes could no longer\continue in the job.
Mass strandings of marine mammals have occurred in Australia and New Zealand this week, proving an earlier predication made by Australian scientists, New Zealand Press Association said Wednesday.
The people of Mozambique, one of the world's poorest countries, are voting in presidential and parliamentary elections.
Russian prosecutors are less than three weeks from striking a death blow against the country #39;s biggest oil producer, Yukos - move widely seen as a politically motivated legal assault.
Patients in rural communities across Georgia soon will have quick access to big-city medical specialists thanks to a live-video hookup that will serve 36 rural hospitals.
Tuesday #39;s abrupt firing of Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham resonated across the college football landscape, with ripples potentially stretching all the way to the Bay Area.
The hurricane season ended Tuesday with Texas escaping major storms, while Florida residents were hard hit with four major storms that claimed 117 lives and caused billions of dollars in damage.
The chairman of Telstra has nominated the upcoming full sale of the company as the major reason for the departure of chief executive Ziggy Switkowski.
The world suffers an epic tragedy as a tsunami spreads death across Asia. An on-the-scene look at how it happened--and whether the carnage could have been avoided
With disease looming, the world launches a massive relief effort. Will the aid reach the victims in time?
One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out - if not already extinct - with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.
Six suspected Islamic militants go on trial in Paris for an alleged plot to bomb the US embassy in 2001.
The question late in Tuesday #39;s Michigan State-Duke game became: Would JJ Redick and Daniel Ewing wear down while the Spartans #39; depth became the difference?
SAN DIEGO - The only captive member of what may be the world #39;s most endangered species of bird has died in Hawaii, zoo officials announced Tuesday.
Don #39;t cry for Tyrone Willingham. Even after Willingham, a former Michigan State Spartan, was fired from his head-coaching gig at Notre Dame on Tuesday.
Finally, the crabby old man had enough. He had refused to chase the spry youngster as he stepped outside his comfort zone and drained jumper after jumper during the first half.
The Conference Board, a New York-based private research group, reported Tuesday that its Consumer Confidence Index fell in November to the lowest level in eight months as high 
Three years ago, Tyrone Willingham was heralded as a champion for all black football coaches after being given the responsibility of returning the Notre Dame football program to among the nations elite.
Working to mend the frayed relations between their countries, President Bush and Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada sought to project a unified front 
Citigroup's top Japanese executive faces tough questioning over a scandal that caused the closure of the firm's private bank in Japan.
The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority awarded a 10-year contract to Cemusa to build at least 200 bus shelters outside Boston and on MBTA property in the city.
Crude oil futures prices fell yesterday as concerns about reduced output in the North Sea were offset by expectations that an upcoming US government report would show rising inventories of heating oil.
Colman M. Herman, the Dorchester activist who made enforcement of the state's item-pricing regulation a one-man crusade, has struck again.
The National Labor Relations Board has ruled that employers may post regulations in the workplace that critics contend will discourage workers from organizing bargaining units or engaging in other union activities.
The company that owns legendary fashion label Gucci, continued to sell off units that can #39;t boost its prospects in the rich-and-famous lifestyle business.
Global chip equipment sales are expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said on Wednesday in a sharp reversal from its July forecast of growth of 23.98 percent.
Hollywood studios are locked in a battle over adopting a standard for high-definition Digital Video Disc technology, in an apparent replay of the 1980s struggle between VHS and Betamax video formats.
You know how sometimes you find a product or service and just have to evangelize it to everyone you know? Maybe you really like the Braun Oral-B electric toothbrush.
AP - The Houston Rockets were finishing up one of their worst performances of the season when a chant rang out from behind the bench.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has shrugged off the hype surrounding tonights Carling Cup meeting against Arsenal at Old Trafford.
The third fight between Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera promised to break a tie and determine the best little fighter of the era.
World News: Tel Aviv, Dec 1 : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears heading to a certain defeat in parliament when he presents his government #39;s proposed budget for 2005.
AP - Jordi Arrese will bet almost anything that his Spanish team will beat the Americans in the Davis Cup final.
Three years ago, Notre Dame made a historic move when it named Tyrone Willingham the first African-American head football coach in the school's history.
When Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham yesterday, it set into motion a series of events that many involved think will result in Utah coach Urban Meyer coming to South Bend.
Chaz Carr scored 25 points to lead Boston University to a 73-68 win over Rhode Island last night in a nonconference game at Kingston, R.I.
Boasting a stingy defense and excellent special teams play, Bishop Feehan captured a Division 2A Super Bowl berth yesterday and the chance to win a fourth consecutive title.
The football bounced high, hopping up and settling into the waiting arms of Acton-Boxboro's Doug Mahoney.
Fifty-eight seconds into the game, Xaverian looked golden. Thirty-nine minutes later, not so much.
Brockton reached the postseason by controlling the line of scrimmage and it wasn't about to change its game plan.
As if to taunt hurricane-weary forecasters, a system between the Azores and Bermuda became Tropical Storm Otto Tuesday afternoon, in the last hours of the hurricane season.
A POWERFUL typhoon is bearing down on the eastern Philippines where rescuers were desperately trying to find survivors from floods and landslides that have left nearly 500 dead or missing.
Coach Bo Ryan said the University of Wisconsin men #39;s basketball team would have to mature quickly if it wanted to compete with 12th-ranked Maryland Tuesday night.
Massachusetts #39; recovery picked up speed in October as an improving job market and strong consumer spending propelled the state #39;s economy to one of its best performances 
Consumers in Arizona and 12 other Western states can order free credit reports starting today. Residents in other states will be able to make similar requests at various times in 2005.
Talk of a strike against US Airways escalated yesterday as the troubled carrier continued negotiations with three unions over concessions in advance of tomorrow #39;s bankruptcy 
AFP - Adults who encourage children to believe in Father Christmas helping to foster their moral development, a British child psychiatrist says.
The death toll from Tuesday #39;s airline crash in Java, Indonesia, climbed to 33 as rescue workers found the body of the pilot under the plane #39;s cockpit.
 KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's parliament opened on Wednesday  without a quorum, hurting opposition hopes of pushing through  motions to open the way for new presidential elections.
SANTA FE, NM -- Attorney General Patricia Madrid is recommending New Mexicans order a free copy of their credit report once the opportunity becomes available Wednesday.
LONDON - Flowers could someday sprout from biodegradable cellphones, say researchers who have found a way to embed a seed inside the plastic.
Russian space officials on Tuesday unveiled a full-scale high-fidelity mockup of the spacecraft they hope will replace the veteran Soyuz space capsule.
The United Nations proposed the most sweeping reforms in its history yesterday, recommending the overhaul of its key decision-making organ, the Security Council, and holding 
\The World Bank warns Cambodia that it needs to quicken reform to avoid severe economic problems.
Shoppers spent their money on Friday and browsed the rest of the weekend, according to a retailers #39; trade group. The Retail Council of New York State reported an erratic 
Greece is to face legal action after providing false budget deficit figures between 1997 and 2003, which disguised the country #39;s repeated breaches of European Union budget rules.
Timothy Michaud died last May after falling from the tailgate of a Chevrolet pickup and suffering severe head injuries. The 19-year-old from Maine never knew that General Motors Corp.
Exiting bankruptcy court could cost United Airlines as much as \$1 billion more than expected if a judge approves a request filed Tuesday on behalf of 95,000 workers at the airline.
There are brick sidewalks, a parking lot, a waste-water treatment facility, and two new buildings.
THE dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to US growth and a fresh warning from the European Central Banks President 
Eventually, the board of Telstra understood that the only way it could regain the market #39;s confidence was to let go its chief executive Ziggy Switkowski.
Automakers have recalled more vehicles in the United States this year than ever before, but thats probably because of the increasing complexity of cars 
TOKYO Global sales of semiconductor equipment will fall short of forecasts this year and shrink next year, according to a survey of manufacturers released Wednesday.
Researchers at the Warwick Manufacturing Group at the University of Warwick, UK, along with PVAXX Research  amp; Development, have devised a way to recycle discarded mobile telephones.
and doing nothing else -xposes your PC to non-stop, automated break-in attempts by intruders looking to take control of your machine surreptitiously.
a version of the open-source Firefox but with support for Microsoft Internet Explorer tied-in. Explorer remains the 
As part of its fight against software piracy, Microsoft has begun legal proceedings against eight resellers for allegedly buying and selling fake and used Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Market research firm IDC said on Tuesday that Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Inc. grabbed nearly 10 percent of the CPU market with its Athlon and Opteron range.
Virus writers have packaged the Skulls mobile Trojan with Cabir to create a more potent threat against Symbian Series 60 smart phones.
Contrary to the movie Jurassic Park, in which scientists recreate dinosaurs from ancient DNA, genetic material more than about 50 thousand years old cannot be reliably recovered.
Jenson Button believes that Michael Schumacher will not wear the Formula One crown forever and intends to challenge the German for the Drivers #39; title next season.
Ewing #39;s last 3-pointer came in the final minute, when he swished one with the shot clock winding down to give Duke a 78-73 lead.
Jill Dutt, assistant managing editor for Financial news, takes your questions on The Washington Post's coverage of business and finance.
The European Commission is to warn Greece about publishing false information about its public finances.
KABUL (AFP) - Three US military personnel and three American civilian crew members were killed when their plane crashed at the weekend in central Afghanistan, the US military said.
French and German executives are in a bitter dispute over the leadership of aerospace firm EADS.
Nokia, the world's biggest mobile phone manufacturer, is to start making handsets in India.
Finding a ski bum working in a ski town restaurant is easy. But Peter Willis took it a step further.
The world #39;s largest computer software manufacturer filed suit Tuesday in US District Court against a local software retailer it claims is selling and distributing counterfeit software labels.
Hewlett-Packard is planning to build Virus Throttler technology into ProLiant servers and ProCurve switches starting in early 2005.
US stock futures were headed higher Wednesday as traders dive into a new month looking for an upbeat December market despite lingering questions about oil prices and a weaker dollar.
Good news about US economic growth was offset by signs that the nation #39;s consumers were feeling less giddy than they had for more than eight months.
ShopKo Stores Inc. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least one year, or same-store sales, fell 4.8 percent during the month of November.
The business racked up nearly \$1 billion in losses since 2001.
A rose is a rose is a phone? British scientists seeking to protect the environment have designed a biodegradable mobile phone cover that breaks down in soil when discarded and sprouts 
Stocks were down on Wall Street today as consumer confidence dropped despite the latest report on the US gross domestic product, which grew at a faster pace than expected.
British public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development said yesterday.
US stock futures pointed to a higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below \$49 a barrel and a batch of economic data on tap.
Reuters - The Palestinian Islamic militant faction\Hamas will boycott a Jan. 9 presidential election for a\successor to Yasser Arafat, a senior Hamas leader said on\Wednesday.
TechWeb - Sybase Inc. on Tuesday said it plans to ship next year a version of its Linux-based database on IBM's eServer systems.
Ziff Davis - World Champion Boston Red Sox employ video cataloguing of every pitch in every game using specialized software.
Lycos Europe debuted a new weapon in the war against unwanted e-mail Tuesday, by launching a screensaver designed to overload the Web sites featured in spam messages.
Ziff Davis - Enterprise communications systems are no longer used simply as tools of convenience and sound business practice but increasingly as crisis-management programs as well.
After three up-and-down seasons that briefly brought the Notre Dame football program back to elite status, then quickly returned it to mediocrity, it was announced Tuesday 
This weekend #39;s Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States is to set a new record for the number of spectators at an official tennis match.
AP - When the United States closed its airspace after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, more than 200 airliners were diverted to airports across Canada, where stranded travelers were welcomed into homes.
THOUSANDS of Canadians have taken to the streets in protest as US President George Bush began his first official visit to the country.
AP - One of Earth's rarest birds might have gone into extinction following the death of one of the last known po'ouli.
Militant group Hamas urges its supporters to boycott the election of a new Palestinian Authority president.
US lawyers file a criminal complaint against Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld over  abuses at Abu Ghraib jail in Iraq. 
Deep splits emerge in Zimbabwe's ruling party amidst jockeying for position to succeed President Mugabe.
\Frequent cannabis use during adolescence and young adulthood raises the risk of psychotic symptoms later in life, research suggests.
A fan who pursued singer Sheryl Crow for 15 months is found not guilty of burglary and stalking charges.
Will launch a fixed wireless service in a 'major city' next year
Illegal CDs, DVDs, computer software and games worth 10m are seized in central Scotland.
Technology journalist Robin "Roblimo" Miller will be online to discuss his new book, "Point and Click Linux: Your Guide to Hassle-Free Computing."
Microsoft Corp. is further expanding its presence in India with plans to open a research center in Bangalore.
Engineers at Hewlett-Packard Co. are working on "virus-throttling" software that they say could slow the spread of Internet-borne viruses and worms.
Europe must deliver on plans to set up an independent funding body for science or face an unprecedented brain drain, a leading scientist warns.
Plans to phase out the ban on cattle over 30 months old being sold as meat are announced.
If sales from the first weekend of the 2004 holiday shopping season taught retailers anything, it #39;s that there is no such thing as too much promotion.
Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh ran through the South African top order to give India a whiff of victory on the fourth day of the second test in Calcutta on Wednesday.
Financing for a ballpark for the Washington-bound Expos would be capped at \$630 million under an amendment approved Tuesday by the District of Columbia Council.
On February 9 the US will open the final round of World Cup qualifying in Trinidad  amp; Tobago after the draw was announced Tuesday morning by FIFA.
Vulnerability could allow an attacker to gain complete control of a system.
Federal and state governments usually promote competition for telecom services, but some states are blocking free Wi-Fi access.
AP - Wayne Gretzky fears the NHL could be shut down for as long as two years if a labor deal is not reached soon.
The Mac maker a likely winner in the digital living room
Despite all the Bond touches, the latest in the Metal Gear Solid series keeps its belly on the ground and does pretty much everything right. Game review by Chris Kohler.
Train maker Bombardier cuts over 700  jobs in the UK, with the axe falling on workers in Derby and Ilford.
LOS ANGELES -- Walt Disney Co. #39;s ESPN sports television network is launching its own brand of mobile phone service in a deal with Sprint Corp.
An effort by Beijing authorities to bar access to the Chinese Google News website would be a considerable setback for the US internet search company, which is seeking to expand its 
Notre Dames All-American senior forward scored her teams first five baskets, and the No. 3 Irish never trailed after that on their way to a 69-59 victory over 
Cingular Wireless, the largest US cellphone service provider, has announced plans to upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available on many home broadband connections.
Singingfish will reach out to consumers for the first time this week when it launches a revamped multimedia search engine on its Web site.
Experts everywhere say Utahs Urban Meyer is the front-runner to replace Notre Dame football coach Tyrone Willingham, who was fired Tuesday.
Chancellor Gordon Brown has been given a lecture ahead of tomorrow #39;s pre-Budget Report - he faces raising taxes or cutting spending.
US stock futures pointed to a higher market open on Wednesday, with oil dipping below \$50 a barrel and a batch of economic data on tap.
Discount retailer ShopKo Stores Inc. said Wednesday that sales at stores open at least one year, or same-store sales, fell 4.8 percent during the month of November.
Microsoft is taking action against US resellers who are using dodgy Certificates of Authenticity (COA) to pass off counterfeit software as the real deal.
British rowing is entering an exciting new era following the retirement of Matthew Pinsent, according to several of the sport #39;s leading figures.
South Africa Wednesday demanded verification of the presence of invading Rwandan soldiersin the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
Tom Ridge leaves with a record of progress, but his successor faces daunting challenges that critics say were largely ignored.
Treasures of King Tut, including his gold coffin, will bypass the Met because of a dispute over the admission charge.
The Bush administration Tuesday upheld a decision to impose penalty tariffs on shrimp imported from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers from Florida and other states.
Global sales of chip equipment are expected to fall 5.2 percent next year, an industry group said Wednesday in a sharp reversal of its midyear forecast of 24 percent growth.
Indian captain Saurav Ganguly was summoned by the match referee for a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday for showing dissent during the second test against South Africa on Wednesday.
The Blue Devils 81-74 victory over Michigan State perfectly depicted the cast of characters on the Duke squad. Specifically, the role each upperclassman performed in this early-season test 
Carolinas fishermen and those in the shrimp industry hope tariffs on imported shrimp, passed Tuesday by the Commerce Department, will boost the prices local shrimpers get for their catch.
US consumer spending rose in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months, a government report showed.
Blockbuster Inc. (BBI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday offered to raise its unsolicited bid for Hollywood Entertainment Corp.
A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
IBM is extending its support for the products of one of its software competitors, Sybase, to present a Linux server-software package.
Beijing has been debating a policy proposal that will force the city to spend at least half of its IT budget on offerings from local companies.
Reporters Without Borders, an international media watchdog organization, is accusing Google of being complicit in China #39;s censorship of Google News sites.
Russias spacecraft building corporation Energia has unveiled a life-size model of the new Russian space shuttle, the Itar-Tass news agency reports.
Liverpool and Everton will decide by the end of this month whether the two clubs can share a ground - but the obstacles to such an arrangement continue to look insurmountable.
Provo, UT (Sports Network) - Brigham Young University has scheduled a news conference for Wednesday afternoon at which time head football coach Gary Crowton will be fired.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Raptors shoot for a second-straight road victory when they visit the Orlando Magic Wednesday night.
A high-level UN panel has issued a sweeping series of recommendations on how to reform the world body to meet the challenges of the 21st century.
Dental records have shown that a mutilated body found in Iraq is not that of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan, but British officials say they still believe the British-Irish citizen is dead.
One of five Cuban dissidents who have been released from prison this week has been told he should consider leaving the country. The Miami Herald reported Wednesday that writer Raul 
The success of a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland lies in the hands of Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern, they were told tonight.
US military planes and troops are scouring Afghanistan #39;s daunting Hindu Kush mountains for six Americans who were aboard an aircraft that disappeared over the weekend.
The radical Palestinian group Hamas says it will boycott next month #39;s election for a successor to the late Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.
Indiana University fires head football coach Gerry DiNardo on Wednesday after three season. DiNardo leaves with two years left on his contract and an 8-27 career record.
The outlook for US manufacturing improved in November as factories hired more workers in response to a jump in new orders, a national survey published on Wednesday showed.
Reuters - U.S. manufacturers ratcheted up the\pace of output in November as new orders jumped and factories\took on more workers, a report said on Wednesday.
AFP - The eurozone economy got slapped with a wave of bad news that highlighted a third-quarter slowdown, a decline in industrial activity and a stagnant job market.
HP announced today that they are working on software to throttle viruses which could ultimately slow the spread of viruses and worms.
If you #39;re a Netscape fan, you #39;ve probably run into websites that require you to fire up Internet Explorer in order to see the site properly.
DAVIE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas will miss Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills with a hamstring injury.
Gunshots were heard outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace while US Secretary of State Colin Powell visited there Wednesday, a source familiar with the incident said.
Worldwide mobile phone sales rise 26 in the July to September quarter, driven by demand for new handsets.
Brazil says it intends to copy patented anti-Aids drugs without permission from next year.
Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani announced Wednesday he is creating an investment banking firm to advise companies on financial transactions.
Putting some of your hard-earned cash into dogs, or even water buffalo, can be very rewarding.
The leading specialty women's clothier trounces expectations and sees more opportunity in the future.
Closed-end mutual funds offer more bang for your investing buck as long as they are trading at a discount.
Reuters - Miami Dolphins linebacker\Zach Thomas will miss Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills\with a hamstring injury.
Davie, FL (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas will miss Sunday #39;s game against the Buffalo Bills with a hamstring injury.
Reuters - It's been 10 years since farmer\Bhairu Singh saw water in the well on his rocky patch of land\in western India.
 PARIS (Reuters) - Seven-times Wimbledon champion Pete  Sampras believes Roger Federer could match his long stint as  the world's dominant tennis player.
AP - Parts of Australia's Outback could soon be overrun by wild camels if drastic measures are not taken to cull them, a wildlife scientist said Wednesday.
Presidential rivals Viktor Yushchenko and Viktor Yanukovych meet in a fresh bid to resolve the poll crisis.
A new government is named for Somalia but it remains too dangerous for them to be based in the capital.
Spain's foreign minister defends his claim that the former government supported the 2002 Venezuela coup.
England race to a 2-0 series lead with a comfortable 161-run win over Zimbabwe.
Band Aid's intentions are good, but Africa needs more than just a Christmas jingle
Spain begin their third final in five seasons at the Olympic stadium hoping to secure their second title since their first in Barcelona against Australia in 2000.
The man suspected of throwing a chair during the Detroit Pistons-Indiana Pacers brawl refused to be interviewed by police on Tuesday.
Two villages in Carmarthenshire are the first in Wales to be converted to digital television.
VANCOUVER - When it comes to the world #39;s most popular legal music downloading service, Canadians were still waiting last night for the other song to drop.
Israel and Egypt Wednesday reached agreement on beefing up security along the border between Egypt and Gaza and for training of Palestinian police.
Two men have been banned from events at The Palace for what the Detroit Pistons say is their involvement in last month #39;s NBA brawl.
13 Chinese miners were killed and three others were missing after a gas blast at a township-run coal mine in Liupanshui city, southwest Guizhou province, today.
AP - Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a drunken driving charge, and his trial was rescheduled for Jan. 5.
Apple Computer has apparently missed its self-imposed deadline for launching a Canadian version of its online music store. The company had promised a November launch of iTunes in the country.
Two splashy Linux announcements coming from major database vendors underscore the fact that Linux is profoundly shaking up the database market.
FAIRFAX, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie safety Sean Taylor Wednesday pleaded not guilty to a drunken driving charge.
Israel #39;s plan to quit the Gaza Strip could kick-start a stalled drive towards Palestinian statehood, one of its architects said on Wednesday.
IBM said Wednesday that it has sewn up outsourcing deals with two Danish companies valued at more than \$1 billion over 10 years, reinforcing its strength in Europe.
A screensaver developed by Lycos Europe that gives spammers a dose of their own medicine is attracting plenty of attention, but not all of it good.
Screensaver offers to "spam the spammers," but not everyone is pleased with its message.
Consumers will be able to hunt for music, movies, news, and more.
Resellers are accused of selling products with fake Certificate of Authenticity labels.
Virus writers have packaged the Skulls mobile Trojan with Cabir to create a more potent threat against Symbian Series 60 smart phones.
Cingular Wireless, the largest cellphone service provider in the United States, will upgrade its high-speed data network, allowing faster downloads than are now available 
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson expects to face Arsene Wenger #39;s young Gunners when the fierce rivals meet again at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's government could fall after his budget is vetoed by parliament.
Greenhouse gas emissions have doubled the risk of European heatwaves similar to last year's, a UK study says.
North Texas and DFW International Airport will lose \$782 million annually when Delta Air Lines pulls out of the airport next year, economists say.
Microsoft has filed its first lawsuits over allegedly counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity, the labels attached to software packages and computers to verify the legitimacy of the programs inside.
Nov. 30--NEW YORK -- Sony Corp. and Toshiba Corp. said Monday they will launch digital consumer appliances with highly advanced semiconductors in 2006.
English trainer Alan Berry, jockey Paul Bradley, and farrier Steve OSullivan were arrested Tuesday morning as a part of an ongoing race-fixing investigation being conducted by London police.
Terrified survivors were yesterday fleeing the northeast Philippines as a new typhoon bore down on the stricken area where flooding and landslides have left over 400 people dead and 150 missing.
A leader of the militant Palestinian group Hamas announced Wednesday that its members will boycott presidential elections scheduled for January 9, reports the Associated Press.
A buyout of the online learning company looks like the best option for shareholders.
Blockbuster Inc., locked in a bidding war for Hollywood Entertainment Corp., announced Wednesday that it may sweeten its offer for the rival video renter.
Disk drive makers were on a roll Wednesday morning after industry giant Western Digital Corp. upped its outlook for the current quarter.
Sybase will have an opportunity to increase database software sales by teaming up with Big Blue, which has made a big push into Linux in recent years.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson has raised the stakes ahead of Wednesday night #39;s Carling Cup clash with Arsenal by claiming that Chelsea are now the team to beat.
Brigham Young was expected to announce the firing of Gary Crowton as football coach Wednesday, according to a Salt Lake Tribune report.
AP - Manufacturing activity expanded for the 19th consecutive month in December, a research group reported Monday, suggesting that the industrial sector entered the new year with solid strength behind it.
The president sought to mend fences while unambiguously re-embracing a course that most Canadians have condemned.
Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday that US sales fell 4.3 percent in November as car sales continued to decline and truck sales edged lower despite the continued popularity of its F-Series truck.
 DAVIE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins linebacker  Zach Thomas will miss Sunday's game against the Buffalo Bills  with a hamstring injury.
Oil prices fell below \$48 US a barrel Wednesday after the US government reported increases in the US supply of crude oil and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.
AP - The IOC expressed renewed concern Wednesday about housing at the 2006 Winter Olympics but expects Italian organizers to be ready when the games begin in 14 months.
With the unveiling of the new Nintendo DS handheld system, consumers were greeted with what has been touted as the most innovative gaming technology we #39;ve seen this generation.
Before Thanksgiving, I wrote about the potentially far-reaching effects of Tyler Hamilton #39;s drug case. As of yesterday morning, some of the potential became actual, as the 
The jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has changed his mind again and pledged to run in the January presidential election, officials said.
Australian Treasurer Peter Costello said Telstra Corp., the nation #39;s biggest phone company, made unwise #39; #39; investments in Asia.
Synopsys Inc., which makes software used in the design of microchips, on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter sales slumped 27 percent, triggering a loss for the period.
CHICAGO - Catching Nokia has been an obsession at Motorola. But is the Schaumburg, Ill.-based handset maker catching the Asian flu?
Bush administration proposes development-friendly policies that it says will protect fish. Environmentalists are outraged. By Brad Knickerbocker  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
THE fight over what #39;s going to replace your DVDs has heated up as three major movie studios announce support for one of two competing next-generation formats.
While human activity probably isn #39;t directly responsible for the 2003 heat wave that caused thousands of deaths in Europe, British researchers say human influence on the 
KIRKLAND -- A local company is one of several across the country targeted by Microsoft Corp. in a spate of copyright and trademark infringement lawsuits filed Monday.
IBM has decided to extend its support for Sybase, a competing database product to its DB2 database package, to present a Linux server-software package.
Columbia River Basin dam operations don #39;t jeopardize imperiled salmon and steelhead, according to a new biological opinion released Tuesday by the National Marine Fisheries Service.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. - One day after being dismissed as Notre Dame football coach, Tyrone Willingham admitted that he failed to live up to his own expectations.
Feyenoord won the battle of the former winners to reach the last 32 of the UEFA Cup on Wednesday after a 2-1 victory over Schalke 04.
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin recounted Wednesday the hospitality Canadians displayed to stranded travelers after US airspace closed in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks.
ARIEL SHARONS shaky government was in turmoil last night after the Israeli Prime Minister sacked the junior partner from his ruling coalition.
On Mexican billboards, drivers can still see the Marlboro Man, Philip Morris #39;s masculine image of a smoker. Television stations in 
Germany's biggest banks is to cut 1,920 positions over the next two years as part of an ongoing reorganisation.
The UN confirmed today that Rwandan troops have crossed the border into Congo in pursuit of rebel forces and was investigating reports that villages had been set ablaze.
In Siberia the world's largest peatlands absorb greenhouse gasses. But could global warming thaw and dry the bogs, turning them into greenhouse gas faucets?
The Bush administration upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam yesterday, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.
Investors flocked back into retail stocks Wednesday ahead of the monthly onslaught of sales reports, encouraged by positive consumer spending data from October.
The key to hidden treasure lies in your handheld GPS unit. GPS-based "geocaching" is a high-tech sport being played by thousands of people across the globe.
New South Wales, Australia, is bracing for what authorities predict will be the worst locust plague in 25 years.
H R Block rival Jackson Hewitt waits for the tax season, and profits, to arrive.
Two cheap and relatively simple car modifications can help you gain a couple miles to the gallon.
Though Omnivision's future isn't fully in focus, this camera chip maker looks set to turn megapixels into megaprofits.
The NYSE faces down brokers who didn't provide basic information to thousands of IPO investors. But refunds?
AP - President Bush asked Canadians on Wednesday to move beyond their deep opposition to the Iraq war and get behind his vision of democracies blooming from Baghdad to the West Bank.
AP - Sen. Jon Corzine called New Jersey's 21 Democratic county chairmen on Wednesday, telling them that he will run for governor, several party sources said.
Iraq #39;s president, an influential Sunni Muslim, threw his support Wednesday behind holding the Jan. 30 election on time despite insurgent threats he said have paralyzed voter 
Members of New York's heavily Democratic delegation on Capitol Hill worry they will be shoved aside when Congress returns to confront issues that impact the city and state.
England are reduced to 95-4 in reply to South Africa's 441 in the third Test in Cape Town.
Singingfish.com is fine-tuning its image with the launch today of a revamped multimedia search engine on its Web site that specializes in finding audio and video content.
After a dismal season, Brigham Young coach Gary Crowton said Wednesday he was stepping aside to pursue other job opportunities. Crowton spoke at a news conference flanked by associate BYU 
Tottenham crashed out of the Carling Cup on penalties tonight to Liverpool, after the teams had finished deadlocked at 1-1 after 90 minutes.
SPACE.com - Sitting \on nbsp;the nbsp;hill of an alien world millions of miles from home, a hardy 
The US senator leading the investigation into allegations of corruption and mismanagement in the Iraq oil-for-food program is urging UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan to resign.
AP - BYU coach Gary Crowton agreed to resign Wednesday, ending a four-year stint with the Cougars that began with 12 victories and finished with three straight losing seasons.
America #39;s two largest automakers said they would reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak November sales.
The European Commission said on Wednesday that it would sue Greece for submitting incaccurate deficit figures before joining the euro zone in 2001.
Liverpool will play Watford, the only non-Premier League side in the competition, in its semifinal after the Championship side eliminated Portsmouth 3-0 on Tuesday.
Reuters - Shooting erupted on\Wednesday outside Haiti's presidential palace while Secretary\of State Colin Powell was inside talking with the interim\leaders of the violence-plagued country.
This week the United Nations released 'the most comprehensive blueprint for change' in its six decades.
Iran's leaders apparently believe that the benefits of obtaining a nuclear bomb now outweigh the drawbacks.
Republican Senator Norm Coleman calls on UN head Kofi Annan to quit over the oil-for-food scandal.
Oil prices fall 7.4 on US data showing a larger-than expected increase in crude supplies - sparking Wall Street to a nine month high.
Tyco International Ltd. #39;s fire and security unit on Wednesday said it signed a \$70 million contract with the British Ministry of Defense to supply respiratory protection equipment.
Gordon Brown will set the economic battleground for the next general election in his pre-Budget report.
Worldwide mobile handset sales topped 167 million units, with almost all regions posting growth, according to the latest numbers coming out of Gartner.
PC World - The business racked up nearly  #36;1 billion in losses since 2001.
Ziff Davis - Third-party software developers that make their living selling add-on enterprise resource planning applications are bracing for a seismic shift in their business.
Ziff Davis - Linux and open source are at the heart of today's computing technology. Deal with it.
Blisteringly hot summers similar to the one in 2003 when thousands of people in continental Europe died of heatstroke will become commonplace because of climate change, a study has found.
AP - Gerry DiNardo, Gary Crowton and David Cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches Wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in Division I-A to 15.
AP - Lionel Hollins coached the Memphis Grizzlies again Wednesday night, uncertain if it would be his final game at the helm.
Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
Nintendo says it already has sold 500,000 of its newly released Nintendo DS handheld gaming systems, about 90 percent of the inventory shipped to the United States.
The Canadian launch of Apple #39;s iTunes music-download service, which was expected to take place by the end of November, has been postponed.
AP - No. 20 Florida will play either Miami or Virginia Tech in the Peach Bowl on Dec. 31 in the Georgia Dome.
Marwan Barghouti #39;s surprise announcement that he plans to run for chairman of the Palestinian Authority sent shock waves throughout the PA leadership.
Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi met Iraqi Sunni tribal leaders in neighboring Jordan, trying to drum up support for the election, seen as vital for building a democratic government in Iraq.
AP - The U.S. Embassy here was closed to visitors Wednesday and security increased after officials received credible threats of an attack on the building, a spokesman said.
Prince Bernhard, one of the most charismatic members of the Dutch royal family, dies at the age of 93.
Interactive exhibits have been a mainstay in museums for more than three decades. In recent years museums have become more creative about the way they introduce technology into their exhibits.
LIVERPOOL completed an unlikely north London double last night, following up their victory over Arsenal in the Barclays Premiership at Anfield on Sunday by beating Tottenham Hotspur on penalties 
Head coach Tyrone Willingham met with the media on Wednesday to discuss his termination as head football coach at Notre Dame on Tuesday.
Gerry DiNardo, Gary Crowton and David Cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches Wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in Division IA to 15.
ANAHEIM, Calif. - Highly touted Cuban prospect Kendry Morales has reached agreement with the Anaheim Angels on a six-year contract.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest one-day drop in oil prices  since September 2001 helped send U.S. stock prices higher on  Wednesday.
The disclosure this week that a Singapore-listed company controlled by a Chinese state-owned enterprise lost \$550 million in derivatives transactions 
The Walt Disney Company said on Wednesday that Fred H. Langhammer, an executive for the Este Lauder Companies, was named to its board as an independent director and 
Consumer spending accelerated in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months, the government reported yesterday.
Editors of Merriam-Webster announced the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was a four-letter word -- BLOG.
AP - Scoring 129 points means a win almost every time, but Kelvin Cato wants the Orlando Magic to realize that giving up 108 will get them beat more often than not.
Today, after months of anticipation, the highly anticipated iTunes Music Store Canada was revealed. It was announced at Apple #39;s special music event in October 
In a recent interview with IGN Xbox, Team Ninja head Tomonobu Itagaki hinted that the renowned Japanese developer is planning at least one game for either the PS3 or Nintendo Revolution.
AP - If Emmitt Smith can't go on Sunday in Detroit, undrafted rookie Larry Croom will start at running back for the Arizona Cardinals.
In the UEFA Cup, in Group A, Feyenoord assured it would progress to the final knock-out stages with a 2-1 home win against Schalke.
Eddy Curry registered 18 points and 10 rebounds and Tyson Chandler added 18 rebounds and 10 points as the Chicago Bulls stunned the Los Angeles Lakers 92-84 Wednesday.
Answer: The prevailing wisdom is the NHL Players Association is working on an offer to present to the owners, even though the NHLPA says nothing is imminent.
Alabama freshman Ronald Steele dished out a record 18 assists, and Earnest Shelton returned the favor by hitting shots and handing out compliments.
Marwan Barghouti, a Palestinian leader now in jail, has been entered in next month #39;s presidential election to succeed the late Yasser Arafat.
A tobacco treaty of the World Health Organization (WHO) will become part of international law in 90 days, following ratification by 40 countries in the past 17 months.
Russian President Vladimir Putin visits former Cold War ally India this week, hoping to retain a dominant share of India #39;s military hardware market and boost cooperation in oil and civilian nuclear energy.
Rwanda #39;s president has assured the African Union that Rwandan military action in DR Congo will target Hutu rebels and not Congolese forces.
Frustrated by the demands of the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Yankees cut off trade talks for the ace left-hander Randy Johnson.
Mobility and scallops marinated in truffle oil, anyone? Fine dining will be the reward for...
The first head of the Department of Homeland Security forges a single organization, but spearheaded some questionable initiatives.
Wasting little time in its search for a new football coach, Notre Dame will meet with Utah Coach Urban Meyer on Thursday.
Order was restored to the Jets' quarterbacking universe on Wednesday when Chad Pennington returned to practice with the first team.
Utah Jazz Coach Jerry Sloan is coping without his wife of 41 years, Bobbye, who died on June 18 at age 61 from pancreatic cancer.
An excitable, book-length high-five for the Boston Red Sox by two of their fans, the novelists Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan.
The EU is due to begin is largest peacekeeping operation, taking over from the Nato mission in Bosnia.
A reported assassination attempt on the Serbian president was a case of "road rage" officials say.
France's Socialist Party votes "yes" in an internal vote on the European Constitution, party officials say.
The ouster of the president of California's public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds will be able to influence corporate governance campaigns.
The U.S. military presence in Iraq will grow to 150,000 troops by next month, the highest level since the invasion last year.
Procter   Gamble will try to persuade a federal advisory panel to recommend approval of the first drug to increase a woman's sex drive.
Many around the NFL say they are surprised by the team's poor performance and question whether the problem lies with the Redskins' system, players or Joe Gibbs.
Ukraine appears to be headed toward holding a new election under a deal to adopt a reorganization of political power.
DrKoop.com and the Webvan Group, two of the dot-com eras more spectacular flameouts, are late with their quarterly filings--nearly three years late.
The Yankees tell the Diamondbacks they are no longer interested in trading for ace Randy Johnson given Arizona's 'unreasonable' proposals.
A new trading tactic that could tip takeover battles has emerged from the hedge fund industry, sparking outrage among some investors and corporate governance experts.
Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will likely miss Sunday's game against the Cincinnati Bengals, a game that has playoff implications.
Quarterback Chad Pennington took most of the snaps with the New York Jets' starting offense during Wednesday's practice.
Consumer spending accelerated in October as a surge in hiring led to the biggest rise in incomes in five months.
Despite a crop of new car models and a still-generous supply of rebates, sales fell for the Ford Motor Company and General Motors in November.
Rashad McCants scores 19 points and Raymond Felton adds 18 as No. 9 North Carolina edges Indiana, 70-63, on Wednesday.
Major League Baseball has yet to reach an agreement with Peter Angelos on on a deal that would financially protect the Orioles.
Jessica Simmonds scores 19 points and ties her career high with 13 rebounds Wednesday to lead George Washington to a 62-52 upset of No. 24 Villanova.
A bankruptcy judge today begins hearings on US Airways #39; request to reject its union contracts and impose \$1 billion in wage and benefits cuts on 28,000 workers.
The Supreme Court considered Wednesday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.
After announcing on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store had been postponed, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly launched the store.
In the wake of the uproar over the news that Notre Dame had fired football coach Tyrone Willingham, this headline appeared on the Internet.
Google and Microsoft separately plan to introduce on Thursday enhanced information sharing services for Internet users. Microsoft plans for the first time to offer a 
Microsoft today released an out-of-cycle security bulletin and patch for a critical hole in Internet Explorer that is already being widely exploited by attackers.
The Apache Software Foundation, which now relies on volunteers to stay in operation, may soon have full-time, paid employees, including an executive director.
The government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was thrown into crisis last night after Israel #39;s parliament rejected the proposed 2005 budget and Sharon 
A feared assassination attempt on Serbia #39;s President Boris Tadic was actually a case of  quot;road rage quot; the interior minister has said.
The European Union will begin its largest-ever peacekeeping operation on Thursday when it takes over from the Nato mission to Bosnia Hercegovina.
IBM announced agreements with two Danish companies on outsourcing deals that together are worth more than \$1 billion over 10 years.
Computer Associates will install an SAP ERP system to replace a collection of homegrown accounting systems. Accenture will help with the implementation.
Lycos Europe launched the "Make Love, Not Spam" screensaver, which repeatedly requests information from Web sites advertised in spam, reducing the performance of those sites.
Gartner researchers believe that as many as 50 of the IT operational jobs in the U.S. could disappear over the next two decades because of coming improvements in data center technologies.
Products give business people and programmers a shared language that helps them implement changes quickly.
Microsoft is investigating a security flaw in the Windows Internet Name Service that could allow an attacker to gain control over systems running the software.
Microsoft on Wednesday released an update to Internet Explorer (IE) to fix a security flaw that was discovered a month ago and has since been exploited to attack users.
AP - With Christmas over and done with, it's time to get a look at what gadgets will be hot for next Christmas.
(Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Lakers go for their third straight victory and seventh in nine games this evening, when they battle the listless Chicago Bulls at the United Center.
Quite possibly the only NBA player to have a worse start to the season than Ron Artest is Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter. While Artest is off promoting his R amp;B 
The Tungsten T5 and the Axim X50v provide impressive extras for PDA fans who want more.
In some instances, this privacy software may tell you that you're protected when you aren't.
The AutoSketch 9 program supports powerful tools for drafting and other precise drawing.
For low-volume users who don't plan to rely on their scanner to do extensive photo restoration work, Visioneer's Xerox 6400 has lots of appeal.
Sonic's latest version of its DVD burning software improves on its predecessor but still trails the latest offerings from Ahead Software and Roxio.
Still in beta form, new browser allows you to view pages as they would appear in IE.
The biggest one-day drop in the price of crude oil in more than three years ignited a rally Wednesday that sent the Dow Jones industrial average up by more than 160 points.
The US Supreme Court wrestled yesterday with a question of interest to millions of Americans mired in debt -- whether tax-deferred Individual 
Vox populi, 2004 style. Microsoft (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) on Wednesday said it will offer blogging to the online many-headed.
DoCoMo and mmO2 said the service in Britain and Ireland would start in the second half of 2005. A similar service will begin in Germany in 2006.
RAMALLAH: The wife of jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi said last night she was registering him to run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.
A Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group-led consortium bought NTL Inc. #39;s antenna towers business in the UK for 1.27 billion pounds (\$2.47 billion).
The world's largest tire maker delays filing annual financial reports -- again.
Late Wednesday, Microsoft announced three updated MSN services that are designed to make email, instant messaging (IM) and online sharing more integrated experiences.
With Nintendo DS sales moving faster than anticipated, some locations have reported sellouts, and Nintendo predicts the initial North American supply will be depleted within days.
WASHINGTON Gilbert Arenas and Antawn Jamison led Washington to its fifth victory in six games, a 95-to-68 blowout over New Jersey.
Ohio State matched the record for the most lopsided victory in the women #39;s program when the 11th-ranked Buckeyes defeated Ohio 107-37 Wednesday night.
Walt Disney, the US media and entertainment group, yesterday announced its first dividend increase in six years following sharply improved earnings.
President Bush on Wednesday outlined a second-term foreign policy that would make international cooperation his administration #39;s top priority but put responsibility 
The chief executive officer of Telstra saw his tenure cut short this week amid preparations for the AU\$30 billion sale of the remainder of the telecommunications heavyweight, likely in early 2006.
While economic policymakers like to chew over weighty issues like current accounts deficits and overnight funds rates, the truth is that the economy rests heavily on everyday 
Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani may have set aside any immediate Washington aspiration, concentrating instead on Wall Street.
The US Supreme Court considered yesterday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.
AP - Hoping to keep more Internet users in its branded universe, Microsoft Corp. has become the latest company to offer blogging to the masses.
AP - Google Inc. is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
AP - It's been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running's intoxicating rhythm.
AP - The most requested online definition this year was "blog"  #151; a word not even yet officially in the dictionary, Merriam-Webster says.
An area of Amazon jungle larger than the US state of New Jersey has been destroyed this year and work on a new highway is mainly to blame, environmental group Friends 
Now that Notre Dame has fired Tyrone Willingham, that #39;s how many black head coaches there are at America #39;s 117 Division IA universities.
Ziff Davis - Opinion: Linux is profoundly shaking up the database market, hopefully to customers' benefit.
Reuters - Human activity has raised the risk of\more heatwaves like last year's, which gave Europe probably its\hottest summer since 1500, scientists said on Wednesday.
AP - Washington state's top polluter isn't a pulp mill, a power plant or refinery. It's the newly awakened Mount St. Helens.
AP - A proposed change in how the federal government measures water for fish in the Sacramento-San Joaquin river delta has environmental groups alarmed and California officials concerned about potential harm to wildlife habitat.
IOC president Jacques Rogge says the five cities bidding to host the 2012 OIympics must stop 'bickering'.
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Secure64 to the rescue
An Australian investment fund will spend more than \$3 billion buying into the broadcast operations of UK communications company NTL Incorporated.
The company that helped push word-processing and graphical computing into the mainstream wants to do the same thing with weblogs. Microsoft Corp.
Kolkata - South Africa were bowled out for 222 after 72 minutes of play on the final day to set a 117-run target for India to win the second and final Test here on Thursday.
Nate Harris scored 26 points and Spencer Nelson had 14 points and 11 rebounds in Utah State #39;s 71-57 victory over BYU on Wednesday night.
Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from November 2004.
Lycos vigilante attack on spammers has been hit by a vigilante attack. Spammers are suspected.
Trust with hardware vendors for open source systems is becoming a one-way street, where in exchange for support they offer a closed source binary solution with no provision to audit security.
A lone inventor with a colorful past has come up with a way to let you tap into your home TV reception anywhere in the world.
Complaints about apartment buildings have found a raucous new outlet as residents turn to online message boards to share gripes and gossip.
An electronic eye that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely.
Nokia and Microsoft both announced new ventures in India on Wednesday, underscoring the country #39;s increasing allure for high-technology companies.
Urban Meyer is standing in what looks like an indoor football practice facility, I am assuming, somewhere on the campus of The University of Utah.
AP - Elton Brown had 15 points and 12 rebounds to lead No. 24 Virginia to a 48-44 victory over Northwestern on Wednesday night.
Like many organisations, the United Nations sometimes goes for clunky jargon and lowest common denominators when addressing important questions.
Superintendent cites parental pressure to compete with Fairfax in proposed 17 percent budget increase.
China is planning to extend official policies clamping down on credit into 2005, to try to keep the economy from boiling over.
Rashad McCants produced 19 points Wednesday night to help No. 11 North Carolina outbattle Indiana, 70-63, for its fifth straight win.
The automated life used to be the exclusive realm of the rich. Now home automation is coming to a subdivision near you. By Tom Vanderbilt from Wired magazine.
Master batsman Jacques Kallis #39;s ability to keep India at bay on Thursday seems likely to decide South Africa #39;s fate in the second test - and the series.
It looks likely that Ukraine will hold a new election as it awaits a supreme court verdict on electoral fraud.
Sweden's Supreme Court rules the killer of politician Anna Lindh will serve life in jail, not in psychiatric care.
Beach Boys star Brian Wilson is honoured by the US Recording Academy, the body which awards the Grammys.
A businessman is sentenced to one year in jail in Japan for making a pirated film available on the internet.
Financial experts combed records Thursday at China Aviation Oil, the Singapore-listed jet fuel supplier that this week sought court protection from creditors after admitting crushing losses from speculative trading.
Rocky Mountain vacation resorts said their advance ski season sales are up from a year ago, while Texas retailers reported a recent run on high-definition televisions.
The nation #39;s two largest automakers said Wednesday they will reduce production in the first quarter of 2005 after reporting weak November sales.
Check out those electromagnetic dampers! A user's guide to the five coolest bridges on earth. By David Goldenberg from Wired magazine.
Several devices on the market will help you find a Wi-Fi network, but the same price doesn't mean the same performance. Product review by Daniel Terdiman.
Parents who lost a son to cancer have built a website using their own funds to help other patients make sense of complicated treatment information. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Please buy my international lost and stolen database
The sun may have captured millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than 4 billion years ago, astronomers report today.
Apple missed its own deadline by a day or two, but nonetheless Canadians yesterday will awake today to find their local iTunes Music Store up and running.
Taking an intentionally cautious tone, Microsoft and Sun executives said Wednesday that the first eight months of their 10-year partnership have yielded small, but significant progress.
This week Microsoft launched nearly 80 lawsuits against resellers it claims were distributing used or fake certificates of authenticity.
A two-mile runway, favorable weather and a central location make Salina the best place for the Global-Flyer #39;s early January record attempt, participants say.
Four consumer electronics companies are moving into production of a new 64-bit chip for non-PC devices in a bid to address the next generation of broadband services piped into the home.
Microsoft has been dropped from a \$3.6m contract in China because the government broke strict procurement rules, designed to give national firms an edge in securing software deals.
Consumer group Which? warns against buying 3G handsets in the UK due to a limited network.
They were not supposed to be in direct competition, but Robin van Persie and Kieran Richardson spent much of the night niggling at each other in the kind of spat that has 
There are few athletes as sure of their ability as Bode Miller. Now that nobody in the world is as fast as Miller -ot after three World Cup races, anyway 
Martin Jol today blamed Fredi Kanoute for costing Tottenham their best chance of silverware this season. The striker conceded a penalty with an extraordinary handball during 
President Museveni says talks with rebels should only take place outside Uganda after a unilateral ceasefire ends.
Korean mobile maker Samsung says it expects profits to grow in 2005, but brokers warn that harsh competition could mean narrower margins.
Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.
The price of crude oil falls by more than a dollar in New York, as mild weather in northern US states eases demand for heating oil.
The US economy is gaining momentum, bolstered by home building, shipping, and even the beleaguered manufacturing sector, the Federal Reserve said yesterday in a newly upbeat assessment.
To ante up, or not to ante up? That would appear to be the question for the Red Sox as they make an attempt to re-sign Pedro Martinez.
On his first day back under center with the first-team offense, Chad Pennington went for it all.
Toledo (8-3) vs. Miami (ohio) When, where: Tonight, 7:30, at Ford Field, Detroit. TV: ESPN.
Put on the hard hats, get the electricity flowing, and prepare to watch two games that have been works in progress for a while.
Fading hopes for intervention by European and Japanese central banks depress the dollar to new lows against the euro, yen and pound.
WASHINGTON - The Commerce Department on Tuesday upheld a preliminary decision that Chinese and Vietnamese companies are dumping shrimp on the US market below cost.
the largest single-day decline in more than three years -- after the US government reported large increases in the 
US express mail operator United Parcel Service Inc. will take direct control of a large share of its joint venture operations in China next year, the company said Thursday.
Sir Alex Fergusons request for the Football Association to look at Robin van Persies alleged elbow at Kieran Richardson is set to be denied.
Twenty-four hours earlier, Danny Fortson was bickering his way toward a couple of technical fouls and an ejection, which he admitted cost his team a victory.
SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australia #39;s Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group (MCG.AU), which is bidding in a consortium for NTL Inc.
The UN Security Council is to meet behind closed doors today on the crisis threatening to reawaken central Africas devastating six nation war in Congo, Africas third-largest nation.
The fighting in Fallujah, and daily terrorist attacks by Saddam loyalists and Islamist extremists, paint a grim picture of today #39;s Iraq.
The Sun may have captured thousands or even millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than four billion years ago, astronomers are reporting.
A corridor of the wild through the high country of North America - Yellowstone to Yukon - is becoming a reality.
Dr. Isidore S. Edelman was a versatile scientist and administrator who directed and helped found the Columbia Genome Center at Columbia University.
In another consolidation in the hot-again business of Internet advertising, Web video specialist Viewpoint has agreed to buy Unicast Communications.
In a victory for Verizon Communications, a law will make it harder for cities to build Internet networks that compete with major telecommunications providers.
AP - Germany's unemployment rate rose to 10.3 percent in November as the country's economy continued to plod along with near-zero growth, the government said.
AP - So much of the Green Bay Packers' season has been predicated on fixing what went wrong on their infamous fourth-and-26 failure in Philadelphia.
AP - With music blaring in the suddenly upbeat Cleveland locker room, Browns defensive end Kenard Lang and other players called coach Butch Davis' resignation a welcome change.
Reuters - The tides of mud carved a random trail of\destruction through Philippine towns, robbing already\impoverished residents of children, houses and hope.
MP George Galloway wins libel case against the Telegraph over claims he took money from Saddam Hussein.
Unemployment in Germany rises for the tenth straight month as growth remains sluggish despite a revival in domestic demand.
A coalition of US retailers including Liz Claiborne and JC Penney filed a lawsuit Wednesday to block the Commerce Department from imposing curbs on imports of textiles and clothing from China.
IBM this week pitched its Power processor family as a de facto standard for consumer electronics, cars, communications kit and computers by launching a consortium to promote the platform to Far Eastern manufacturers.
Alex Ferguson has urged the FA to punish Arsenal #39;s Robin van Persie for throwing an elbow during last night #39;s Carling Cup quarter-final.
When Kobe Bryant scored 9 consecutive points early in the fourth quarter, it looked as though the Bulls had no hope of beating the Lakers on Wednesday night.
After a game about as artful as a dime-store novel, Virginia coach Pete Gillen turned to literature to express the trying time his No.
AP - The former chief executive of Sonera and five other people were charged Monday with gross violation of Finland's communications secrecy laws, following an investigation into the telecommunications company.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon says he will seek a governing coalition with Shimon Peres #39;s Labour Party and pledged to press ahead with a planned Gaza pullout.
What was first believed to be an assassination attempt against President Boris Tadic of Serbia on Tuesday night was actually a case of road rage by a driver 
A political agreement in Northern Ireland could be reached by the middle of next week, the leader of the moderate Alliance Party has said.
AP - Israel will not launch attacks or raids against Palestinians if the situation remains calm and it is not provoked, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday.
AFP - An Australian-led consortium said it would buy the broadcast business of communications and entertainment group ntl Inc for 1.27 billion pounds.
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  said Thursday he opposed peace talks with Syria while it  continued to host Palestinian militant groups in Damascus.
AS the Pacific Northwest debates the Bush administration #39;s recent proposal to count hatchery fish alongside wild fish in applying the Endangered Species Act - and its new plan to cut 
UK technology that will safely guide a spacecraft to Saturns largest moon is being adapted to land aeroplanes, help emergency services reach accidents quickly and improve safety on our roads.
DETROIT Despite a crop of new car models and a generous supply of rebates, sales fell for Ford Motor and General Motors in November.
Two years ago in his Pre-Budget Report, Gordon Brown bit the bullet and admitted that he had got his borrowing forecasts badly wrong, revising them sharply higher.
Samsung Electronics, Asias largest technology firm with a market cap of \$67 billion, outstripped Motorola ousting the American company from the No.
Communications giant Telstra Corp announced yesterday that its chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down early as Australia #39;s largest corporation prepared for its full privatization.
GREECE fiddled its way into the European single currency and should not have been allowed to join, according to the European Commission and other members of the euro.
Grocer says sales rose 15, helped by acquisitions, puts full-year earnings at low end of forecast. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albertsons Inc.
Microsoft #39;s MSN division has launched a test version of a free blogging service aimed at consumers, its first attempt to provide this popular activity for the mass consumer market.
Apple Computer Inc., whose iTunes Web sites make up world #39;s largest online music store, said it opened a version of the service for Canadian customers.
The Sun may have captured thousands or even millions of asteroids from another planetary system during an encounter more than four billion years ago, astronomers are reporting today.
Microsoft has released an update to Internet Explorer to fix a security flaw that was discovered a month ago and has since been exploited to attack users.
The seven lawsuits were filed on Wednesday in Washington State Superior Court in King County against John Doe defendants who have yet to be identified.
Webmasters that stick to the old ways and focus entirely on Google are missing out on a lot of search traffic these days if they are not also well ranked by Yahoo and MSN.
Notre Dame officials will meet with Utah coach Urban Meyer on Thursday, a source with knowledge of the discussions told the New York Times.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.
MP George Galloway has won a libel battle and damages totalling 150,000 against the Daily Telegraph over claims he accepted money from Saddam Husseins #39;s government.
Rwanda has denied it has pushed troops into Democratic Republic of Congo hours after UN peacekeepers said they had compelling evidence that some had entered the vast country.
I ran now has backed off from a demand that had stalled an agreement worked out by France, Britain and Germany to freeze all of Iran #39;s uranium processing activities.
The UN Security Council is set for emergency talks to discuss the incursion of Rwandan troops in eastern DR Congo.
A Chilean court strips former ruler Augusto Pinochet of his immunity over the murder of his predecessor as army chief.
A screensaver targeting spam-related websites appears to have been too successful.
One of Kenya's most powerful politicians under President Moi, Nicholas Biwott, is denied entry to the US.
The European Commission said it would sue Greece for submitting incaccurate deficit figures before joining the euro zone in 2001.
If you had to ask what "Qualia" is, you probably weren't supposed to know about it.
The European Central Bank keeps the cost of borrowing unchanged at 2 for the 18th straight month, despite the risk posed by the soaring euro.
Gordon Brown outlines to MPs plans to freeze fuel duty, minimise Council Tax rises and boost childcare.
Having an always-on, fast net connection is changing the way Britons use the internet, research suggests.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Published reports out of New York indicate the Yankees and Arizona Diamondbacks have halted trade talks involving five-time Cy Young Award winner Randy Johnson.
New chip will cut the time required to transfer content onto those devices.
The European Union began its biggest-ever military operation today, formally taking over Natos peacekeeping mission in Bosnia with 7,000 troops.
Mortars crashed Thursday into the heavily-guarded Green Zone in central Baghdad where government headquarters and Western embassies are located.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that he wouldn #39;t recommend to open negotiations with Syria when terror groups are operating there, Jerusalem Post reported.
Alltel Corp. on Tuesday said it has completed its \$144 million summer deal with US Cellular and TDS Telecom, only days after announcing it plans to acquire wireless properties 
Cable firm NTL today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its broadcast business for 1.27bn. A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group and other third 
AP - Walter Smith was hired Thursday as the national soccer coach of Scotland, which failed to qualify for the Euro 2004 championship and stands little chance of making it to the 2006 World Cup.
AP - American Mardy Fish will play Spain's Carlos Moya on Friday in the opening singles match of the Davis Cup final.
Thousands of civilians were on Thursday fleeing clashes near the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo town of Goma between Rwandan Hutu rebels and unidentified opponents, a senior UN official told AFP.
During the NHL work stoppage in 1994, Doug Wilson worked for the players #39; association and was intimately involved in the process of getting a new deal.
The Finnish company sold approximately 51 million handsets in the third quarter, or 30.9 per cent of sales worldwide, after falling below 30 per cent for the last two quarters.
Shares in Telstra rose slightly following the news chief executive Ziggy Switkowski would step down - but the focus remains on who will step up to take the job.
United Parcel Service Inc. said on Thursday it will pay \$100 million to take over most of the international express delivery operations of its Chinese partner, Sinotrans.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak said Thursday that Mahmoud Abbas would probably win the upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, Egyptian television reported.
Thousands of civilians are fleeing clashes between Rwandan Hutu rebels and unidentified opponents near the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) town of Goma, a senior UN official says.
Collapsed jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil launches a rescue plan after running up \$550m in trading losses.
AP - Notre Dame has contacted Utah coach Urban Meyer about its coaching vacancy and was to meet with him Thursday, The New York Times reported.
Reuters - Former No. 1 overall pick\Kwame Brown returned from an off-season foot injury in\Washington's 95-68 rout of New Jersey Wednesday night.
AP - The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.
AP - Prison officials are no longer allowing Missouri's most violent criminals to have access to video games with titles like "Hitman: Contracts."
AP - The new Band Aid charity single will be sold on Apple's popular iTunes online music service, with the company subsidizing the retail cost of the track.
PC World - Final version is expected this month; software will compete with Outlook express.
PC World - Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers debate how we lost our way
Welsh language campaigners welcome Microsoft's move to run Windows XP and Office 2003 in Welsh.
Google Inc. is improving on the discussions its popular Web site hosts, hoping the upgrades will spur more online banter and make its market-leading search engine a richer destination.
The most requested online definition this year was "blog" - a word not even yet officially in the dictionary, Merriam-Webster says.
It's been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running's intoxicating rhythm.
Chancellor Gordon Brown announces a long-term plan for investment in science education and hi-tech industry.
UK farming must embrace new ideas and scientific developments to survive the next few decades.
A way of 'tricking' eggs to divide without being fertilised may aid stem cell and IVF research, say scientists.
Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday vice chairman James Hance will retire at the end of January 2005.
The International Monetary Fund said on Thursday it expects to resume formal loan talks with Argentina following the completion of the country #39;s delayed debt exchange deal with private creditors.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has called for unity in his ruling party amid deep splits and jostling over the succession of power.
Managers with outdated notions about controlling workers are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new report.
Dell has won a large global contract from Dutch electronics giant Koninklijke Philips Electronicsto provide hardware and managed desktop services.
Engineers at NEC have developed a processor for cellular telephones that includes three ARM processor cores in a single chip, a moved aimed at improving the multimedia capabilities of cell phones.
TOKYO -- Search-engine provider Google opened a research and development center at its Tokyo offices this week, the company said Thursday.
Final version is expected this month; software will compete with Outlook express.
Agreement with Verizon will allow deployment of a citywide wireless network.
Chip maker wants you to know about the benefits of a wireless network.
Users should install the critical fix as soon as possible, software giant says.
World of Warcraft is a massively multiplayer game, so you should expect some dying, but Blizzard has managed to make even that pleasant. Game review by Lore Sjberg.
Questions about the effectiveness and long-term safety of a testosterone patch designed to boost a woman's sex drive has federal regulators wondering whether to approve the product at all.
British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown said Thursday the government had hit its economic target set for 2004. Delivering his pre-budget report to the House of Commons 
Booming orders for new military aircraft boosted overall orders to US factories by 0.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted \$371.51 billion in October, the Commerce Department 
AFP - Miss World contestants united in defending the pageant's relevance and angrily denied it degraded women.
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) has approved a wireless standard that will expand international Wi-Fi roaming to Japan.
Utah Head Coach Urban Meyer hollers to his team during the first half of a game against Utah State in this Sept. 18, 2004 file photo in Logan, Utah.
(Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Bucks continued to struggle on Wednesday, as they dropped a 101-100 decision to the Boston Celtics at the FleetCenter.
A mortar barrage hammered the heavily fortified Green Zone and elsewhere in central Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least one person and underscoring the vulnerability 
AFP - Vice President Dick Cheney will lead the US delegation to Afghan President Hamid Karzai's December 7 inauguration, the White House announced.
Ten Palestinians are listed for a January poll to succeed Yasser Arafat, including a leader jailed for life by Israel.
Nine people are detained after access is denied to a Saudi court trying three reformists, witnesses say.
(Detroit-AP) Dec. 2, 2004 - The nation #39;s two largest automakers are reporting weak November sales and announcing plans to reduce production.
A European Union force has taken over peacekeeping in Bosnia from NATO for an operation seen as a test of the EU #39;s military aspirations and credibility.
Isis Pharmaceuticals Inc. said on Thursday a trial of its experimental drug for Crohn #39;s disease did not work in a late stage clinical trial.
Orders to US factories were far stronger in October than analysts expected, but almost all of the gain came from greater demand for military aircraft.
Reuters - Oakland Raiders running\back Tyrone Wheatley is expected to miss this week's game\against Kansas City with an injured left hamstring.
Ricky Williams rejects a deal that would have allowed him to serve a four-game suspension this season and return to the NFL next year.
Limited running for Franck and Giancarlo at Jerez on a wet day in Spain.
Crude futures sold off sharply for a second day in row Thursday, falling below \$44 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather.
WASHINGTON: American clothing retailers and importers sued on Wednesday to prevent the Bush administration from slapping emergency restrictions on imports from China at the request of the domestic textile industry.
Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages rose in the latest week as an improving economy stoked fears of inflation, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
Media giant Viacom Inc. said Thursday that it is buying a Sacramento, Calif., CBS affiliate from Sinclair Broadcast Group for \$285 million.
The NHL accepts an invitation from the players' association to return to the negotiating table in an effort to end the lockout that began nearly three months ago.
Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday as a replacement for Hubie Brown, who unexpectedly retired last week for health reasons.
IOC president Jacques Rogge plans to tell the five cities bidding for the 2012 Summer Olympics to stop sniping at each other and concentrate on their own campaigns.
Microsoft filed the seven lawsuits in Washington State Superior Court in King County against unidentified  quot;John Doe quot; defendants.
Although Canadians had to wait awhile to get access to the iTunes Music Store, they are getting a comparative bargain. Apple Computer, which opened the virtual doors on the Canadian store late Wednesday, is 
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems on Wednesday held a progress report on work being done pursuant to their April 2004 agreement to collaborate on interoperability.
The competition in the PC Graphic Cards market just got hotter. ATI has good news for the computer gamers. They have released five new cards aimed at advanced gamers.
Russia #39;s Federal Space Agency and the US #39;s NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, an agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Red Bull Racing will launch their 2005 Formula One car at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain on February 7. The Austrian energy drink brand bought the British-based Jaguar team from 
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning headlines the AFC Players of the Month for November.
The European Union has formally taken over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia-Herzegovina from NATO. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and NATO head Jaap de Hoop 
Europe #39;s new constitution got a thumbs-up from French Socialists, according to voting results announced Thursday. Some 59 percent of Socialist supporters favored the new charter 
The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.
A woman is elected to the board of a major Saudi bank, becoming the first female in the kingdom to occupy such a position.
More than 1,000 people have been killed or are missing after mudslides and flash floods devastated three coastal towns in the eastern Philippines, a military spokesman said Thursday.
Iran may be hiding equipment from the UN nuclear watchdog agency, foiling efforts to police a freeze of all programs that Tehran could use to make nuclear weapons, diplomats said Thursday.
The Securities and Exchange Commission said Thursday it filed charges against three former executives of retailer Kmart Holdings (KMRT) in a \$24 million accounting fraud case.
Chancellor Gordon Brown today set out his vision of a family friendly welfare state as he put extra help for working parents at the heart of his annual Pre-Budget Report.
Before any law has been passed, carmakers are putting on stability control systems. They like their buyers alive. Rollovers are the safety curse of sport utility vehicles.
Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
Formula One #39;s governing body has confirmed that 10 teams, the same number as this year, have entered the 2005 world championship.
New York, NY (Sports Network) - Former Miami Dolphins running back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the NFL #39;s reinstatement offer.
Mahmoud Abbas, head of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, said Thursday Israel must stop military action against Palestinians or there can be no peace.
Don't take the headlines too seriously, because they're long on facts, short on truth, and they just don't matter.
In my column last month (The Oil Bubble: Set to Burst?) I discussed the speculative factors that pushed oil prices to all-time highs.
America #39;s leading retailers filed a lawsuit yesterday to stop the Bush administration from imposing curbs on imports of popular Chinese-made apparel and textiles.
The Chancellor has faced bad news on government tax revenues and borrowing so far this year - too little tax revenue, too much borrowing.
A consortium led by Macquarie Communications Infrastructure Group agreed Thursday to pay 1.27 billion British pounds (US\$2.5 billion; euro1.8 billion) for NTL Inc.
McLaren discard David Coulthard could be offered a way back into Formula One for the 2005 season as a driver with the new Red Bull Racing team, it was reported on Thursday.
The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
The U.S. dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
AP - The NHL accepted an invitation from the players' association on Thursday to return to the negotiating table in an effort to end the lockout that began nearly three months ago.
AP - For anyone unhappy that Kurt Busch is the new Nextel Cup champion, Jack Roush has some advice: Get used to it.
Reuters - Former Miami Dolphins running\back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the
AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig scheduled a conference call for Friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - Former Miami Dolphins running  back Ricky Williams will remain retired after declining the  NFL's reinstatement offer.
Cuba releases a journalist jailed in last year's dissident crackdown, the sixth prisoner to be freed this week.
The European Commission says the elections in Romania were conducted in an orderly manner and will not affect membership talks.
Moving the Expos to Washington is subject to approval from MLB owners and the DC council approving financing for a new stadium by Dec. 31.
Ouch. That #39;s gotta hurt. Motorola (NYSE: MOT) has crashed into third place in the global mobile handset market behind Samsung.
Sales at US retailers rose less than forecast at the start of the holiday season as Federated Department Stores Inc. and Limited Brands unexpectedly posted November declines.
AP - Virginia Tech's Bryan Randall and Miami's Brock Berlin finally have emerged from their predecessors' shadows.
Microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. By TechWeb.
com. The Mozilla Foundation Wednesday debuted a release candidate edition of its first standalone e-mail client, the open-source, for-free Thunderbird.
Nielsen/NetRatings reported that more than 100 million Europeans use the Internet--and of these, more than 54 million go surfing over a broadband connection.
Fresh from his libel victory over the Daily Telegraph, George Galloway this evening announced his intention to challenge the Labour MP Oona King at the general election.
Amazon.com apparently has greater sales in electronics than books for the very first time.
AFP - US inflation is under control and is expected to remain tame, Federal Reserve Board governor Ben Bernanke said.
AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired infielder John McDonald from the Cleveland Indians on Thursday for a player to be named.
An American and a Russian, both space veterans, have been selected as the next replacement crew for the international space station, a Russian agency spokesman said Tuesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said today he planned to replace his minority government with a broad coalition to push through his Gaza withdrawal plan and promised not to launch attacks on Palestinians unless provoked during 
A member of the British Parliament, George Galloway, won a libel suit today against The Daily Telegraph of London, which dubbed him  quot;Saddam #39;s Little Helper 
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig schedules a conference call for Friday for owners to vote on the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington.
Canadian Press - WINNIPEG (CP) - A Manitoba man who says he was wrongfully convicted of murder will have a bail hearing next month.
An appeals court ruled Thursday to strip former dictator Gen. Augusto Pinochet of immunity from prosecution for a 1974 car bombing that killed an exiled Chilean general and the man's wife.
WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators have filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of suppliers.
Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th country in which the popular service is available.
Peacekeepers in Congo are prepared to help disarm Hutu rebels threatening Rwanda from Congolese soil to ease tensions between the two Central African neighbors, the United Nations said on Thursday.
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman speaks to the media at the Pengrowth Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, on Wednesday Dec. 1, 2004.
HALIFAX: President Bush caught Canadian officials off guard in calling openly for joint action on a continental missile defence shield.
AP - The Cavaliers activated guard Sasha Pavlovic and placed guard Dajuan Wagner on the injured list Thursday before they played the Denver Nuggets.
Mike Fratello is hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies as a replacement for Hubie Brown, who unexpectedly retired for health reasons.
Long-term mortgage rates in the United States increased sharply this week, mortgage wholesaler Freddie Mac reported Thursday in its weekly nationwide survey.
The confessed killer of Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh has had his life jail sentence confirmed by the Supreme Court after he appealed for leniency saying he was mentally ill when he stabbed her.
The No. 2 grocer reports double-digit gains in sales and earnings after recent acquisitions.
AP - Some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with MP3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
AP - Comcast Corp. plans to begin offering music videos on demand to its broadband Internet subscribers early next year, part of a multiyear deal with the television network Music Choice.
AP - Apple Computer Inc. has settled a dispute that was keeping the charity single "Do They Know It's Christmas?" off its iTunes music store in Britain.
Nearly a thousand people are dead or missing in flash floods and landslides that have devastated a large section of the northern Philippines, rescue officials said.
The US dollar rallied after dropping to a record low Thursday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday\launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th\country in which the popular service is available.
AP - The United States and its negotiating partners are ready to resume talks with North Korea on its nuclear weapons program but North Korea has not agreed, a State Department spokesman said Thursday.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday  launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th  country in which the popular service is available.
NCAA president Myles Brand is urging athletic directors to take a closer look at minority coaching candidates this year.
BERLIN Germany #39;s unemployment rate rose in November to a six-year high, the government said Thursday, as Bayer and other companies announced job cuts.
The government is likely to tighten supervision of domestic companies #39; trading futures on overseas markets after the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp lost US\$550 million from 
Fifth Third Bancorp predicted fourth-quarter results well below Wall Street expectations Thursday, citing a balance sheet restructuring aimed at reducing the risks associated with increasing interest rates.
Boston Celtics captain Paul Pierce apologized for arguing with coach Doc Rivers, one day after being benched for not hustling.
Four Infineon (Quote, Chart) executives agreed to plead guilty to charges they conspired to fix prices in the computer memory sector, officials said Thursday.
In the last couple of months, we have seen Google invading the Microsoft territory with GMail and Google Desktop Search. Now Microsoft is responding.
Microsoft and Sun Microsystems say that eight months into their 10-year cooperative alliance, dividends are already being paid in the form of increased interoperability of their products.
Sun Microsystems has quietly begun seeking official open-source status for a new software license that likely will be used to govern its Solaris operating system.
In the end it came down to a straight choice between Walter Smith and Gordon Strachan for the Scotland manager #39;s job, and Smith won easily.
New York has launched a new phase in its bid for the 2012 Olympics, taking its message directly to the people who will select the host city.
The US has revamped the qualification system which determines its Ryder Cup team in the wake of the crushing 18- 9 defeat by Europe last September.
The Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday named Mike Fratello as the head coach, replacing Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons, according to a NBA TV report.
Though not nearly as entertaining, it continues the theme that machines can hold power over humans, even when the people are fighting to regain control.
Israeli Prime Minster Ariel Sharon says he is determined to find new partners for his coalition government after suffering a major defeat in parliament.
In his 60-page judgment Mr Justice Eady made a series of strong criticisms about The Telegraphs dramatic and condemnatory handling of their Galloway scoop.
Minister for Foreign Affairs Minister Dermot Ahern has condemned a decision by Burma #39;s military government to extend the house arrest of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
 HOUSTON (Reuters) - Former basketball star Calvin Murphy  took the stand in a Texas court on Thursday to deny charges he  sexually molested five of his daughters.
Bulgaria has started its first co-mission with the EU in Bosnia and Herzegovina, along with some 30 countries, including Canada and Turkey.
The United States has added its voice to a chorus of international concern over the continued detention of Myanmar #39;s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
In Fallujah, US forces are going through 50,000 houses one by one. But insurgents are coming back.
The US calls on the military junta in Burma to release opposition leader Aung Sang Suu Kyi from house arrest.
The trial of five men accused of poaching rare fish from Australian waters in a Uruguayan trawler collapses.
Chancellor Gordon Brown has defended his stewardship of the economy, telling MPs there is no 10 billion black hole in the public finances.
ITunes finally launched in Canada on Thursday, bringing with it over 700,000 songs, exclusive tracks, celebrity playlists and multiple CD burning rights.
Google Inc. turned on the switch Thursday to its new e-mail list service that combines the Usenet archive with the ability to create and manage new groups.
A hormone patch that works to restore a woman's sex drive should not be approved until additional studies to determine its risk, federal health advisers said today.
When the state doesn't allow companies to charge sufficient interest legally, the black market fills the void.
AFP - Crucial US holiday sales launched with a flop, retailers reported.
While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
LIVERPOOL hero Florent Sinama Pongolle wants boss Rafael Benitez to stick with the youngsters for next months Carling Cup semi against Watford.
Gen. Richard B. Myers said that his concerns about the intelligence-overhaul bill had been resolved in the final version.
Upscale retailer reports strong first quarter results followed by weaken-than-expected November sales.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday  launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th  country in which the popular service is available.
The United States and European Union called a temporary time-out on Thursday in a cross-Atlantic dispute over government support for Aviation rivals Boeing (BA.
Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life.
Industry denies proven links between some chemicals and childhood illness, a senior WHO official tells the BBC.
Two new fossilized pterosaur eggs have been discovered. The fossils suggest that the dinosaur-era flying reptiles lived in colonies and raised their young, experts say.
An Australian man found himself in hot water, when he was arrested for taking pictures of topless sunbathers with his camera phone.
Oracle is in merger talks with other technology companies as it awaits the outcome of its \$9.2 billion hostile takeover attempt for rival PeopleSoft.
Managers with outdated notions are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new study by the London School of Economics.
In traditionally weak quarter, sales increased 26 compared to last year.
Company launches free test version of service that fosters popular Internet activity.
Corporate customers will be pitched PCs that can be centrally managed and partitioned, in addition to security features.
Demo shows the chip running a Java applet, a browser and displaying some video at the same time.
IBM has formed an industry consortium of 15 companies from the software, consumer electronics, automotive and networking industries to open up the process of building Power processors.
Microsoftis again using the courts to pursue individuals allegedly responsible for spam e-mail campaigns, this time going after those who send out unsolicited and sexually explicit e-mail.
Court documents say Dell, Gateway, and other major PC vendors were affected.
Samsung Electronics expects profit from mobile devices to pick up next year, despite a rating cut issued by an investment bank. During a presentation at the UBS investor conference in Seoul, Samsung 
State-owned, running a monopoly on imports of jet fuel to China #39;s fast-growing aviation industry and a prized member of Singapore #39;s Stock Exchange.
Iraq #39;s largest party of Sunni Muslims has warned of civil war if elections scheduled for Jan. 30 aren #39;t moved back six months, The Times of London reports.
A former Bush campaign official has been charged with plotting to jam the phone networks of political opponents during the November 2002 election.\
Computer problems have left police forces in England and Wales unable to run national fingerprint checks for more than a week.
How does version 8 of Dragon NaturallySpeaking dictation software stack up?
In yet another product move designed for consumers, but sure to make enterprise IT and telephone services folks go nuts, AOL has introduced Consumer AIM Voice Conferencing, a service that 
Jacques Rogge, the president of the International Olympic Committee, is getting tough with the cities - including London -ho are bidding to host the 2012 Olympics.
GAZA CITY, 3 December 2004 - Islamic Jihad said yesterday it would boycott a Jan. 9 Palestinian presidential election for a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said he will complete his plan to disengage from Gaza next year, despite losing a key coalition partner.
AP - Lorenzo Bromell was placed on injured reserve by the New York Giants on Thursday, joining the team's growing list of defensive linemen whose season has been ended by injury.
South Africa will go into the five-Test series against England a fortnight today on the back of their worst sequence of results for three years.
Data from Nasa's Mars rover Opportunity shows its unique landing site is a prime spot for a return mission to look for life, scientists say.
CALCUTTA: Off spinner Harbhajan Singh took seven wickets as India crushed South Africa by eight wickets to clinch the two-Test series 1-0 yesterday.
Former NBA star Jayson Williams,who was charged in the shotgun slaying of a limousine driver at his mansion, will be retried, a judge ruled on Thursday.
SEMICONDUCTOR giant Intel has dramatically raised the range of its fourth-quarter sales forecast as it benefited from strong holiday demand for microprocessors.
Microsoft and Sun held a conference call yesterday to update the industry on where they are at in terms of their agreement to work together and interoperate more.
AP - Fifteen years in the NFL have taught Emmitt Smith more than just how to slip tackles. He's also become an example of how to fight through injury.
Reuters - The growing popularity of the Internet\could lead to a rise in suicide pacts in which several people\kill themselves together, a leading psychiatrist in Britain\said on Friday.
PC World - Medical research team believes units could be modified to 'print' new skin.
US hotels and car-hire firm Cendent is to buy UK internet-based holiday company Ebookers for \$404m (201.2m).
Documents and computers found in Falluja are providing clues to the identity of home-grown opponents of the new Iraqi government.
NASA officials have confirmed Russian reports about an outer-space swap worth an estimated \$60 million or more. If approved by the US government, the deal could put off a looming 
Industrial output in the US has beaten forecasts in December, increasing for the 19th month in a row.
Of the roughly 300 people who filled the large auction hall at Sotheby #39;s on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, only two had come to bid on the bat.
Maybe it's finally time for every college with a big-time football program - or big-time basketball program for that matter - to turn pro.
Executives at the British operations of Marsh  amp; McLennan, the world #39;s largest insurance broker, breathed a sigh of relief yesterday after law firm 
Radio Frequency Identification technology is going to ring in the new year in more ways than one.
In a step sure to spark major innovation in the design of consumer electronics, networking, automotive, and IT systems, 15 companies today announced their intention to form Power.
SEVILLE: Mardy Fish will play Carlos Moya in todays opening singles of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States.
In the retirement game, sometimes the best offense is a good defense.
Manufacturing activity expanded for the 19th consecutive month in December, a new report said Monday, suggesting that the industrial sector entered the new year with solid strength behind it.
Fifth Third Bancorp, the ninth largest US bank, on Thursday said fourth-quarter profit will fall well short of analyst forecasts, as it takes \$340 million of 
The biggest obstacle facing widespread adoption of the Firefox browser is lazy programming - not from the Mozilla Foundation but from corporates that have not tested their applications with anything but IE.
MARIO JONES received illegal performance-enhancing drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics, according to accused steroid distributor Victor Conte.
Dan Olsen of Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla., shot a 7-under 65 Thursday to take a one-shot lead after two rounds of the PGA Tour qualifying tournament.
GEORGE Galloway yesterday scored another major libel victory, winning 150,000 damages over a newspaper #39;s claims that he was in the pay of Saddam Hussein.
The chief executive of Citigroup has taken a number of symbolic steps to address concerns by investors that his company is too immense to manage.
An advisory panel said that the first drug to enhance the sex drive of women should not be approved because of a lack of information about its long-term safety.
Major record corporations say that a licensed file-sharing system could bolster their position in their fight against piracy as well as increase digital music sales.
Intel raised its revenue forecast for the fourth quarter, citing surprisingly strong demand across its line of chips for personal computers.
Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has told parliament he is meeting his fiscal rules but analysts say he is cutting it too close with public finances to call his approach prudent.
The steel crisis at Nissan Motor might force the carmaker to reduce production by a further 15,000 vehicles next March on top of the 25,000 that have been 
Coming out of the lift on the 37th floor of Cendant #39;s New York office, visitors are greeted with a breathtaking view of Central Park and the Manhattan skyline.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday filed civil fraud charges against three former Kmart Corp. executives and five employees of companies that supplied the Troy, Mich.
The investigation of insurance practices by the New York attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, is causing wide ripples in the British market, the cradle of the industry.
The New York Times Company said yesterday that its profit for the year would fall short of what it had initially forecast, a casualty of higher costs and of advertising revenue that has 
Scientists analysing data from the Mars exploration Rover missions believe water was involved in the formation of rocks on the planet.
news analysis Microsoft and Sun Microsystems may be going steady, but they aren #39;t quite sure where the relationship is headed.
When computer users hunt for information on the Internet, they typically turn to Google or Yahoo. When analysts working for US intelligence look for documents and data stored on computers 
Internet luminaries gathered in Boston Wednesday to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), honor its founder, Director and Web inventor 
College footballs annual parade of the dead is in full march, and look whos watching from the back row again without so much as a folding chair.
DETROIT -- A broken hand and separated shoulder were not enough to stop Bruce Gradkowski from lifting Toledo to the Mid-American Conference championship.
President Robert Mugabe called for unity in his ruling Zanu-PF party yesterday despite suspending six senior party officials over who will succeed the 80-year-old leader.
A barrage of mortar fire Thursday ended a brief period of relative calm in Baghdad, killing at least one civilian and wounding more than a dozen, while insurgents continued 
The rise and fall of companies such as Schwinn help explain why the economy has become less forgiving of workers who lack higher education or specialized skills.
Tony Blair is set to back Gordon Brown's  pre-Budget report, amid concern over some of its forecasts.
 The medals and the American flag were almost too much for Kiona Bryant to hold as she sat yesterday at the grave of her high school sweetheart.
Ukraine's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether to overturn the result of the disputed presidential poll.
President Hugo Chavez charged Thursday that the United States had been aware that dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002.
Scientists in Brazil find the bones of a new species of dinosaur that may be related to some found in Europe.
A landslide engulfs a village in southern China, leaving 65 people missing, state media reports
Track star Marion Jones used a steroid and other banned drugs leading up to the 2000 Summer Games, according to BALCO founder Victor Conte, Jr.
Miami's Devin Hester -- one of the most exciting and dangerous players in college football -- would not be where he is today without his mother's guidance and inspiration.
Utah Coach Urban Meyer met with Notre Dame officials about the school's head coaching vacancy Thursday, and he is expected to meet with Florida's AD on Friday.
Buffalo's decision to draft running back Willis McGahee in the first round of the 2003 draft is finally paying dividends.
Retired running back Ricky Williams has no immediate plans to resume his NFL career with the Dolphins, his attorney said.
For Virginia Tech's corps of freshman wide receivers -- Josh Hyman, Eddie Royal, Josh Morgan and Justin Harper -- the future seems very much in the present.
Dirk Nowitzki sets a Mavericks franchise record with 53 points to lead host Dallas to a 113-106 overtime victory against Houston.
Bernard B. Kerik, the former New York City police commissioner, has been picked by President Bush to replace Tom Ridge.
The Russian president rejected the idea of new Ukrainian elections and criticized European efforts to mediate.
El Museo del Barrio's eye-opening survey of Latin American portraiture covers an exhausting tract of cultural ground.
The announcement by Jon S. Corzine, whose riches helped make him a U.S. senator, was widely anticipated.
According to an article on The Register, camera phones will soon have lenses made from nothing more than drops of oil and water.
A union representing nearly 6,000 US Airways workers yesterday said it has struck a tentative concession deal with the airline, easing the likelihood 
Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN Internet division late Wednesday debuted a preliminary version of MSN Spaces, designed to bring blogs to the masses.
IBM has launched an alliance with 14 other companies to make Big Blue #39;s Power processor more adaptable and widely used. The partnership, called Power.
President Bush said Thursday that the United States was committed to having elections take place as planned late next month in Iraq, despite reports that Iraqi security forces 
The US dollar yesterday dropped to a record low against the euro in Tokyo and fell to its lowest level in nearly five years against the Japanese yen.
Only Gary Bettman knows whether he in fact will be willing to in fact negotiate a CBA that does not contain absolute cost-certainty.
- The loss ended Miami #39;s six-game winning streak and prevented the Red and White from repeating as MAC Champions for the first time since 1973-75.
The United Nations says its Secretary-General Kofi Annan is not to quit despite US charges of his involvement into possible fraud in the oil-for-food program.
Sony is finally out with their first direct assault on the famed Apple iPod digital music player. As reported earlier, Sony has gone ahead and released their first MP3 supported Walkman.
The world's largest chipmaker, Intel, boosts its prediction of sales for the final three months of the year to \$9.3-9.5bn.
US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth resigned on Thursday after serving in the post for less than six months. Danforth, 68, said in a letter released Thursday 
Three German citizens and an American have agreed to serve jail time as part of an investigation into price fixing in the computer memory market.
AP - President Hugo Chavez charged Thursday that the United States had been aware that dissident military officers were planning a coup in 2002.
The Yankees may try to take action against Jason Giambi in the wake of a damaging report that he illegally used steroids.
After a soft stretch in their schedule, the Knicks on Friday meet Orlando, their first opponent with a winning record since they beat Cleveland on Nov. 21.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Zoran Planinic of the New Jersey Nets underwent surgery on his broken left hand Thursday and is sidelined indefinitely.
Reuters - Shawn Fanning, once reviled by\record labels as the creator of renegade song-swap service
The PGA of America has radically altered the points system to determine future US Ryder Cup teams. Changes announced Thursday heavily weigh the points in favor of performances during a Ryder Cup year.
AP - The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to review whether four species of lamprey found on the West Coast should be protected by the Endangered Species Act.
AP - A new test could help scientists determine more quickly whether chinook salmon in the Klamath River are infected with a potentially deadly parasite.
 BHOPAL, India (Reuters) - It was midnight when gas began to  leak from a Bhopal factory and killed thousands as they slept  in central India 20 years ago.
After being outmaneuvered by aggressive competitors at the start of the holiday shopping season, Wal-Mart Stores (WMT ) is returning fire.
Federal regulators charged three former Kmart executives and five current and former managers of major vendors with accounting fraud, claiming they misrepresented 
After going nearly three months without speaking, the NHL has accepted an invitation from its locked-out union to meet next Thursday and Friday in Toronto.
President Bush rejected calls for a delay in next month #39;s Iraqi elections, insisting Thursday that the vote was too important to put off even though violence and chaos still grip the country.
International Business Machines Corp. has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times reported on Friday.
The popular online auction site rolls out a new approach in tackling account hackers: cut bait.
Dirk Nowitzki netted 53 points - the top score in the NBA this season - as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Houston Rockets 113-106 in overtime.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen killed 11 Iraqi policemen and  wounded six Friday when they stormed a police station in  southern Baghdad, survivors of the attack said.
It was midnight when gas began to leak from a Bhopal factory and killed thousands as they slept in central India 20 years ago. At midnight on Thursday, some 
AP - Kent Baer knows he has a difficult task as Notre Dame's interim head coach.
Pitcher and Piano owner Wolverhampton  amp; Dudley says it is buying smaller rival Burtonwood for 119 million pounds after meeting forecasts with higher annual profits.
The US government will wait until next year to argue its case before the World Trade Organization over European aid to aircraft maker Airbus, a US trade official said.
AP - President Bush has tapped former Presidents Clinton and Bush to lead a nationwide charitable fund-raising effort for victims of the Asian tsunamis, the White House announced Monday.
Starting Wednesday, US residents in select states can begin claiming one free credit report per year under the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act.
Said the accused violated the  quot;CAN-SPAM quot; federal law requiring e-mail containing sexually explicit images to be clearly identified.
Both rovers were launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on central Floridas Space Coast. Spirit ascended in daylight on June 10, 2003.
A simmering steroid scandal that has plagued baseball for nearly a year began to boil over Thursday, with the promise of more eruptions tonight.
The timing of Notre Dame #39;s firing of Tyrone Willingham makes no sense . . . unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind, but in hand.
Despite Red Bull Racing owner Dietrich Mateschitz #39;s comments earlier the season, David Coulthard could still be in a Formula One racing seat next season.
The Bowl Championship Series was created with the sole purpose of finally producing a true national championship game in college football.
Dow Chemical Co, in a major policy reversal, is accepting full responsibility for the 1984 Bhopal disaster in India, a company spokesman said on Friday.
The price of crude oil falls by more than a dollar in New York, as mild weather in northern US states eases demand for heating oil.
REAL, Philippines -- Rescuers are battling to reach thousands of people left stranded in the Philippines, where storms have left 1,000 people dead or missing.
The European Union took on its biggest military mission yesterday, replacing Nato in charge of 7,000 peacekeeping troops in Bosnia.
A group of militants raided two police stations in Baghdad on Friday, killing 12 policemen and wounding several others, police said.
The dollar rallied after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency #39;s slide.
Consumers in 13 Western states will be able to grab free online copies of their credit reports starting Wednesday, as a new federal law is phased in.
 SYDNEY (Reuters) - Rookie professional James Nitties shot a  flawless second round of 65 to snatch the outright lead in the  Australian PGA Championship Friday.
Terry Robiskie would like to do what Joe Morgan did for the 1988 Red Sox: rattle off a bunch of wins and shed his interim coach label with the Cleveland Browns.
NESN's  quot;Faith Rewarded: The Historic Season of the 2004 Boston Red Sox quot; hits the retail stores today in both DVD and VHS formats.
Ricky Williams, the 2002 NFL rushing champion, rejected a deal to serve a four-game drug suspension this season and return to the field next year.
The union representing 6,000 reservation and customer service agents at US Airways yesterday reached a tentative agreement on a new labor contract, just as attorneys for the airline were seeking 
The University of New Hampshire defense was under siege in the first half of last week's Division 1-AA playoff against high-octane Georgia Southern.
With Bank of America Corp. giving up on putting its name on the home of the Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins, how would Liberty Center or CVS Forum sound?
There really ought to be a special place in heaven reserved for rich people who fight with each other, if only because of the great theater they provide for everyone else.
Some of the biggest fashion trends at department stores this holiday season have more to do with MP3 players than cashmere ponchos or fur-trimmed sweaters.
What: MIAA Division 3A Super Bowl. Where: Bentley College in Waltham. When: Saturday at 10 a.m. Last meeting: Schools have never met. .
Aboriginal sports star Michael Long highlights discrimination and poverty during talks with Australia's PM John Howard.
Mozambique's outgoing leader Joaquim Chissano says more people would vote if they were paid.
What: MIAA Division 2A Super Bowl. Where: Curry College in Milton. When: Saturday at 4:15 p.m. Last meeting: Schools have never met.
The dollar rallied after dropping to a record low yesterday against the euro amid uncertainty about whether officials would intervene to curb the currency's slide.
Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi visits Berlin to secure a German boost for his country's  reconstruction.
College basketball: Men -- Binghamton at Brown, 7 p.m.; Pioneer Valley Classic: Amherst at Westfield St., 8 p.m.
David Blunkett has won the first round of a High Court battle with his ex-lover over access to her son.
Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies yesterday, leaving the TV booth and replacing friend and mentor Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
\\The internet may be fuelling a rise in suicide pacts, a leading psychiatrist has warned.
Barry Bonds testified to a grand jury that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer, but said he didn't know they were steroids.
For Jorge Hank Rhon - gambling tycoon, racetrack operator and Tijuana's new mayor - scandals seem to swirl like mosquitoes.
Sears Roebuck and Co. scored a surprising sales jump in November, but retail experts warned Thursday that disappointing sales at other merchants may foretell less-than-anticipated holiday gains.
The Communications Workers of America #39;s national executive board voted unanimously to authorize strike action by 6,000 passenger service agents against US Airways, clearing 
The last time the USA went more than eight years without a Davis Cup championship was more than half a century ago and spanned a period when the 
Impossible. Inconceivable. A Southeastern Conference team is in position to go 12-0 and get locked out of the national championship game.
Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled a new set of Web-based services allowing users of its MSN service to publish and track each other #39;s blogs.
Four executives from Infineon Technologies have pleaded guilty to price fixing in the DRAM industry, according to the US Department of Justice.
US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth wants to return to private life when President George W. Bush begins his second term.
At least 14 people were killed and 19 were wounded when a car bomb went off in a Sunni area in the north of the city. The target of the attack is still not clear.
The major record labels, which refused initially to deal with the emerging online song file-sharing technologies, have turned over a new leaf.
A landslide struck a village in southwest China early Friday, destroying 25 homes and leaving 65 people missing, Xinhua news agency reported.
VIENNA, Austria - The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
When Colin Powell was named US Secretary of State nearly four years ago, Jamaicans celebrated the stature achieved by the son of humble Jamaican immigrants.
Microsoft indicated that the defendants used compromised computers around the world, using so-called zombie computers. By Thomas Claburn.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Battered oil prices stayed weak on  Friday after a \$6 slump spurred by easing worries about winter  supplies.
The IMF has said it will negotiate with Argentina after  the country's debt swap, that was delayed until 17 January.
Finnish mobile giant Nokia is losing the head of its networks division, the second senior executive to leave the unit in two weeks.
The Halifax bank, Britain's biggest mortgage lender, predicts a much-feared fall in the rampant UK property market.
AFP - Eurozone retail sales rose 0.7 percent in October from September but were down 0.2 percent compared with October 2003, the European statistics agency Eurostat reported.
The number of Europeans with broadband has exploded over the past 12 months, with the web eating into TV viewing habits, research suggests.
A decision on the fate of sprinter Michelle Collins will be decided Dec. 10 by a three-person arbitration panel of the American Arbitration Association meeting in San Francisco.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Won't reach it without industry and download-service support
Chipmaker Intel boosts its prediction of sales for the final three months of the year to \$9.3-9.5bn.
The Huygens probe is on target and all set for its encounter with Titan, the mysterious large moon of Saturn.
The UK might be "better off" with fewer - but larger and better-funded - chemistry departments, a leading academic says.
The nations retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.
Microsoft announced today that is filing 7 lawsuits against spammers for failing to label sexually explicit messages. The lawsuits were filed in Washington State Superior Court, alleging that defendants violated 
Indian and Russia signed Friday a Joint Declaration emphasizing strategic partnership between the two countries and taking note of the transformation in the global environment in recent years.
The Cuban government freed another jailed opponent yesterday, the sixth dissident released this week in a move widely seen as an attempt to repair relations with the European Union.
The consumer electronics giant is finally ready to build MP3 players that play MP3s. What does that mean to the industry?
Reuters - A British man admitted Monday to sending\hoax emails to friends and relatives of people missing since\the Asian tsunami.
Relationships in the information age work best when you exercise restraint and courtesy. Especially after you break up. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
The coolest geek shopping list ever: 129 of the best screens, cams, phones, games and gadgets of the year, from Wired magazine.
The Office of Fair Trading refers Apple's iTunes service to the European Commission on the grounds that it over-charges UK customers.
BT Group buys out its partners in loss-making Italian telecoms firm Albacom, as it continues its expansion into business services.
Unions are locked in talks with Jaguar bosses in the hope of  persuading them not to stop car production at the Browns Lane factory in Coventry.
Reuters - Dow Chemical Co said on Friday that there was no basis whatsoever in a BBC World report saying that it had accepted responsibility for India's Bhopal disaster.
Arsenal may consider signing French midfielder Emmanuel Petit as a stop-gap solution to their midfield injury problems, manager Arsene Wenger says.
DENVER -- Denver Nuggets star and Baltimore native Carmelo Anthony said he doesn #39;t remember a conversation that has showed up on a homemade DVD.
NTL, Britains largest cable firm, has struck an agreement with a consortium led by one of Australias top banks to sell its network of masts for 1.27 billion.
Evidence from the Mars exploration rovers Spirit and Opportunity has led scientists to suggest that water was once present in large quantities on the red planet.
Microsoft has confirmed that it is to start selling its cut-down, wallet-friendly, version of Windows in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Russia.
MANCHESTER (AFP) - Fuming Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson has demanded that the Football Association clarify their disciplinary guidelines.
Hong Kong (Sports Network) - Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a six-under 64 Friday to surge into the lead after the second round of the Omega Hong Kong Open.
The UN Security Council has met to discuss the alleged incursion of Rwandan troops into neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Singapore police launch a criminal investigation into the \$550m  trading scandal surrounding collapsed jet fuel supplier China Aviation Oil.
Japan's second-largest bank says it is committed to supporting struggling Mitsubishi Motors, despite denying it is preparing 100bn yen of fresh investment
The nation #39;s largest public pension fund fired its president Wednesday following a tumultuous year in which he became an outspoken advocate for reform in the board rooms of corporate America.
Goal.com had revealed earlier this week that the deal bringing Boca Juniors super-striker Tevez to Corinthians would be sealed by today, and this is precisely what happened.
Fresh from a painful parliamentary defeat, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel said yesterday he will turn to his old rivals in the Labor 
A landslide destroyed 25 village houses in the southwestern Chinese province of Guizhou on Friday and 65 villagers, asleep at the time, were missing, Xinhua news agency said.
announced in a statement that, in accordance with its previously stated intentions, it had voted against the proposed IAMGOLD merger.
Banking giant Halifax today said that house prices would fall by 2 fall next year and that interest rates had peaked. Its negative outlook for the property market is in contrast to the 2 rise predicted by 
Napster creator Shawn Fanning has spoken publicly about his new project - a licensed file-sharing service with an almost unlimited selection of tracks.
Youth ministers Mike Foster, left, and Craig Gross say they don #39;t want teens to get sucked into the world of online porm. (ABCNEWS.
Some 80 Kenyan MPs storm out of parliament in the latest twist in a row over a new constitution. 
\The Japanese government says urgent policy changes are needed to reverse the country's population decline.
After putting a dreary October spin on its prospects for the final three months of the year, Intel allowed Thursday that Christmas may come to techdom after all.
British Chancellor Gordon Brown has denied he was overly optimistic about the state of the British economy in Thursday #39;s pre-budget report.
IBM Corp. has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on the Web site of The New York Times. IBM is discussing selling the business to 
The Labor Department said Friday that U.S. employers added 112,000 new jobs overall in November as the unemployment rate dropped to 5.4 percent.
The US dollar sank anew against other major currencies yesterday, even though Japanese officials publicly raised the prospect of joining with European governments to brake its slide.
European Union officials on Friday called on the United States to clarify its position on a possible court challenge at the World Trade Organization over alleged unfair subsidies given to European aircraft maker Airbus.
PC World - China's largest maker of PCs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
Nick Heidfeld has declared himself happy with his first outing for Williams and in fact the team was also so impressed that they #39;ve invited him back for a second trial.
The RB1, the Red Bull Racing teams challenger for the 2005 FIA Formula One World Championship, will be officially unveiled in Spain next February, it has been announced.
World athletics chiefs yesterday formally charged Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou with missing drugs tests on the eve of the Olympic Games.
The international lifeline to save five million homeless victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami gathered strength on Sunday.
AFP - The US ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, resigned less than six months after becoming the diplomatic face of Washington at the world body, the United States announced.
 SEVILLE, Spain (Reuters) - Carlos Moya fired Spain into a  1-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final on  Friday.
Published reports say Barry Bonds has testified that he used a clear substance and a cream given to him by a trainer who was indicted in a steroid-distribution ring.
Foundry partner gears up for second-generation 90nm Efficeons
Napster creator Shawn Fanning introduces a new licensed file-sharing service with unlimited choice of tracks.
In the three months to September, Nokia gained market share for a second consecutive quarter, helped by price cuts and new handsets.
The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, the Labor Department reported today, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
Medical device company says FDA not likely to greenlight a clinical trial of heart implant in 2004. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
A leading British mortgage lender predicted Friday that house prices in the country will fall two percent next year after nine years of strong gains.
Microsoft Corp. has filed class action lawsuits against vendors of sexually explicit commercial e-mail, the Seattle Post-Intelligence said Friday.
Napster founder Shawn Fanning is back in the music-downloading game, this time with a legal service that has the blessing of at least some significant members of the music industry.
Samsung, Micron Technology and Hynix Semiconductor have acknowledged that they have received subpoenas related to the investigation.
Despite four decades of trying and some 40 space probes, the question of whether there #39;s life on Mars remains as elusive as ever.
Nortel has won a \$5m contract from BT to help the telco use Internet Protocol (IP) technology to upgrade its call centres around the UK.
Companies backing Blu-ray Disc will finalize the read-only version of the optical-disc format early next year, a Sony Corp. spokesman said earlier this week.
LONDON (Ticker) - American gold medal-winning sprinter Marion Jones has denied new allegations she has used performance-enhancing drugs.
Zimbabwe's controversial information minister looks set to be disappointed in his campaign to become an MP.
The US Ambassador to the United Nations, John Danforth, says the recently signed peace memorandum between the government of Sudan and the Sudan Peoples Liberation Movement offers the best 
German police arrested three men suspected of planning an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, who was in Berlin on Friday.
Helicopters delivered food to survivors and picked up casualties Friday as flash floods began to recede in the northern Philippines, revealing the magnitude of a disaster 
Rivals Pakistan and India have agreed to reopen a key rail link between the two countries that has been closed for almost 40 years.
AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin issued New Year's greetings Saturday to a former pro-Soviet partisan convicted in Latvia of killing civilians during World War II.
AP - Fund raising and spending in the 2003-04 election cycle by President Bush, Democratic rival John Kerry and national party committees:
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Redefining voluntary again...
Union trade regulators asked to probe 'one country, single store' policy
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Get 'em in by Sunday
&lt;strong&gt;Preview&lt;/strong&gt; Smaller than a laptop, bigger than a PDA - the perfect PC size?
Russian oil giant Yukos has reportedly lost a court case against the sale of its main production unit.
Washington and Brussels say they will not escalate a dispute over subsidies to Boeing and Airbus.
Virgin Atlantic has won the largest share of 21 additional direct flights between the UK and India, gaining 10 to BA's seven and BMI's four.
Nintendo launches its new handheld console, the DS, which aims to change the way people play games.
Notre Dame officials hope to be one step closer to obtaining a new football coach after getting to bed a little later than usual Thursday night.
Ukraine's top court annuls the result of the second round of the disputed presidential poll, paving the way for fresh elections.
The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, the Labor Dept. reported today, far fewer than the month before.
A Bosnian Serb general indicted for war crimes is to be transferred to The Hague, the chief UN war crimes prosecutor says.
Chips, animated clips, supermarket slips, and dot-com flashback trips will shape the week that lies ahead.
Winners lost. Cereals bowled. Online storefronts schooled their offline storefronts yet again. In sum, it was another week of twisted holiday cheer.
AP - IOC president Jacques Rogge said the five cities bidding for the 2012 Olympics accepted his advice and agreed to stop complaining about each other.
Shawn Fanning's Napster software enabled countless music fans to swap songs on the Internet for free, turning him into the recording industry's enemy No. 1 in the process.
Reuters - The New York Yankees and New\York Mets have reportedly agreed on a deal to swap lefthanded\relievers.
EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company's tremendously profitable PayPal division.
Comcast Corp. plans to begin offering music videos on demand to its broadband Internet subscribers early next year, part of a multiyear deal with the television network Music Choice.
The outgoing chief executive of Australian telecommunications giant Telstra said his departure was sparked by differences between him and the companys board of directors.
California officials on Wednesday voted to oust Sean Harrigan as president of Calpers, naming a former real-estate executive seen as more business 
LONDON - MSN is upping the stakes in the battle for online and desktop domination with the launch of a new set of communication services to include blogging and picture sharing.
Reuters - It took just a few seconds\for Shiva Shankari, like her village, to lose her future.
Reuters - OPEC cannot rule out cutting oil\production if oil prices slide further before the producer\group meets next Friday, a senior OPEC delegate said on Friday.
BT has signed a E3.75m deal with Canadian firm Nortel for the supply of IP telephony equipment for a major new  #39;virtual #39; contact centre.
China will consider adopting measures to protect its interests and those of its trading partners once global textile quotas are scrapped at the end of this month, a government spokesman said on Friday.
BEIJING (AFP) - A man forced his way into a northeast China primary school and slashed 12 young children before cutting his own throat.
The women's apparel retailer surprised investors with surprisingly bad Q4 guidance.
Whitney Tilson demonstrates how to beef up your portfolio and beat the market.
Iomega on Friday introduced a new network-attached storage appliance for Windows networks in small and midsized businesses.
IBM has put its PC business up for sale, according to a story published on Friday on Web site of The New York Times.
China's largest maker of PCs is one of the potential buyers, newspaper says.
Sports media company teams with Sprint to offer a branded cell phone service.
Fraud losses from email phishing attacks will hit \$137m globally in 2004, according to a study from research and consulting firm TowerGroup.
Lycos Europe appears to have taken down its controversial MakeLoveNotSpam site - temporarily, at least.
International Business Machines Corp., seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.
AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it would consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
Three Iraqi citizens with alleged terrorist ties were arrested in Germany today under the suspicion that they were going to try to kill Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi during his visit to Germany.
It is in the nature of international conferences, like the one that has occupied 1300 delegates in Nairobi this week, for a final declaration to have been written long before the conference starts.
Laws require that sexually oriented solicitations be marked with a label warning users of the content in both the subject line and the initially viewable area of the message.
They #39;re coming to mobile phones - those nasty viruses, worms and Trojan horses that have, on more than one occasion, crippled PCs.
According to a survey conducted by the market research agency Nielsen/Netratings these days more than half of European Internet users are surfing the Net via a high-speed connection.
The BBC admitted Friday it was tricked into reporting that a US company accepted responsibility for the world #39;s worst industrial accident.
An attempt to bring back the American Basketball Association hasn't succeeded, as the league loses teams and changes cities weekly.
Intel Corp. #39;s shares climbed nearly 6 percent Friday after saying its fourth-quarter sales are on track to break a company record because demand for the chips that 
The sluggish pace of job growth in November hasn #39;t changed the odds for a quarter point interest rate hike later this month, but maybe it should.
The US Supreme Court said on Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable television companies like Time Warner Inc.
World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound has called for a hearing into allegations former Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids.
Texas coach Rick Barnes says the school could find out from the NCAA on Friday when freshman Mike Williams will be eligible to compete for the Longhorns.
people and stoking fears that sectarian divisions over when to hold elections could unleash further bloodshed. In a second dawn attack in the capital on Friday, guerrillas killed at 
German police today arrested three Iraqis who appeared to have been planning an attack on Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, who is visiting Berlin today.
Bookmakers are convinced a betting coup took place surrounding Tuesday #39;s UEFA Cup match between Greek side Panionios and Georgia #39;s Dinamo Tbilisi.
The Nairobi Summit on a Mine-Free World concluded here Friday with 144 states that have banned antipersonnel mines reaffirming their commitments to end sufferingcaused by the deadly weapons.
 LONDON (Reuters) - World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick  Pound has called for a hearing into allegations former Olympic  sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids.
Nick Heidfeld has declared himself happy with his first outings for Williams as he battles to retain his place on the Formula One grid.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Halifax will remain as the host city for the men #39;s university basketball championships for the next three years.
HOUSTON - Taking the stand in his own defense, Hall of Fame basketball player Calvin Murphy denied allegations that he sexually abused five of his 10 daughters.
Aggressive mergers and acquisitions have been troublesome for many companies, but not L-3 Communications.
A sweet challenge leads to a sour taste in the mouth of Trump's right-hand woman.
An enormous number of consumer complaints shows investors why this company is hurting.
The US economy should grow about 4 percent next year, giving the Federal Reserve room to continue raising interest rates at a measured pace, Philadelphia 
Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos and Major League Baseball had not reached an agreement late last night on a financial package designed to offset the impact the Washington Nationals will have on the franchise.
The PalmSource chief financial officer jumps ship. Does that mean it's sinking?
Forget about IBM and all the other dinosaurs. But remember the investment lessons they offer.
Reuters - Treasury Secretary John Snow on\Friday said that any discussion about whether he continues in\his post or quits was a matter between himself and President\Bush.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Ontario's highest court has given the go-ahead for the first class-action lawsuit by former students of a native residential school.
AP - U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said Friday he took himself out of the running for any job in President Bush's second term because he wanted to go home to Missouri.
A federal appeals court has rejected a \$1.2 billion asbestos settlement plan for ABB Ltd., a setback for restructuring efforts by the Swiss-Swedish engineering company.
Airbus SAS's parent company has proposed splitting a contested U.S. Air Force contract for refueling tankers with its rival Boeing Co., the company said Friday.
The top two U.S. automakers continue to deal with declining sales while the little guy grows.
Ukraine's Supreme Court ordered that a new runoff vote between the two main challengers take place by Dec. 26.
Bomb explosions hit five petrol stations in the Madrid area on Friday after a telephoned warning from armed Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Jets quarterback Chad Pennington will start Sunday's game against the Houston Texans after sitting out the last three contests with a strained right rotator cuff.
Water once covered thousands of square miles of Mars, creating an ancient environment that hints at the possibility that life might be present there yet today, scientists reported.
While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
Iomega Corp. updated its network-attached storage line Friday with the NAS 400r, a rack-mounted NAS line featuring faster processors and improved capacity.
SAN FRANCISCO - For the second morning in a row, there is a major development in the on-going scandal involving steroids and star athletes.
Reuters - New York Jets\quarterback Chad Pennington is expected to start Sunday's game\against Houston after missing the last three weeks with a\rotator cuff injury.
The Supreme Court said Friday it would consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
Napster founder Shawn Fanning is returning to the music downloading arena with a brand new offering that is receiving reasonable support - given their histories together -rom the music industry.
Shoppers snapped up more than 500,000 Nintendo DS systems during Thanksgiving week, representing more than 90 percent of all units available in stores across the United States.
NICK Heidfeld #39;s test with Williams has been brought forward after BAR blocked plans for Anthony Davidson to drive its Formula One rival #39;s car.
Microsoft said on Thursday that the company filed seven lawsuits against spammers that have sent sexually explicit emails on the Internet without adhering to federal laws.
just a couple of days -- before newfound Lycos Europe enemies organized a multi-pronged counter-attack with delirious affects that forced Lycos to turn tail and 
The MSN network of Internet services has introduced updates to its free communication services to make e-mail, instant messaging and online sharing easier and more personal for consumers.
The State Department yesterday endorsed a Senate investigation into possible fraud in the United Nations oil-for-food program while sidestepping a senator #39;s 
consecutive life terms, plus another 40 years, by an Israeli civil court that found him guilty of five cases of murder of innocent citizens, attempted murder and membership in a terror organization.
iTunes, a legal music download service from Apple, previously unavailable in Canada, finally launched its much anticipated Canadian online store yesterday.
Operating cash flow is the best growth path there is, and Kenneth Cole is on it.
Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Owners voted 29-1 on Friday to approve the proposed move of the Montreal Expos to Washington for the 2005 season.
In some of the worst violence in recent weeks in Baghdad, insurgents launched attacks Friday against Iraqi security forces in the north and west of the capital, killing at least 30 people.
Tony Blair paid tribute to the chancellor #39;s handling of the economy today and made a pre-election promise to hand more power to the British people.
A new federal law that entitles consumers to free credit reports sounds great, but the devil is definitely in the details. The Fair 
There #39;s a reason that smiling Salvation Army bell-ringer looks a little stiff this Christmas season, and it #39;s not the cold weather.
Striker Nacho Novo expects Rangers to respond in style to their UEFA Cup setback in Holland because of the prevailing  quot;great spirit quot; in the squad.
Thousands of civilians have fled their homes after clashes in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the United Nations said on Friday, although it was unclear who was behind the violence.
AFP - A US Congresswoman who has criticised Vietnam's human rights record has been denied a visa to visit the communist country for the second time, she said.
Young royal returns to adventure in Ubisoft #39;s Warrior Within; darker storyline and new fighting system highlight the multi-console title.
Mullah Rafsanjani said here Friday that Tehran expects it would become a member of the club of countries possessing nuclear technology.
Just as you are getting comfortable, Select Comfort's stock collapses. But don't let Mr. Market's nightmares scare you away.
London - Oil prices edged lower on Friday after a two-day rout that saw the value of crude drop 12 percent amid easing fears over a northern winter supply shortage, traders said.
The US jobless rate dropped in November, but analysts are surprise and disappointed by the weak job creation numbers reported by the US Labour Department.
The US Supreme Court will decide whether cable operators that provide high-speed Internet connections, like Time Warner Inc., should be required to open their networks to other Internet service providers.
Napster founder Shawn Fanning tries to convince record companies and peer-to-peer networks to switch from lawsuits to making money on downloads.
Ubisoft has announced that its sequel to the amazing Prince of Persia, Prince of Persia: Warrior Within has shipped and is now available at retailers.
Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) has abandoned plans to integrate a number of advanced technologies it acquired in its 2002 purchase of Compaq Computer Corp.
England tonight won their first ever Emirates Airline Dubai Sevens title by beating a fiery Fijian side 26-21 in a pulsating final.
ROMEOVILLE, Ill. The Division Two school that won an NCAA Division One championship in volleyball last year is on NCAA probation for four years.
In the deadliest insurgent violence in weeks, militants stormed two police stations and a mosque in Baghdad on Friday, killing 30 people.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange County, Calif., has reached a settlement with 87 victims of abuse by priests and lay employees that includes the largest payment ever agreed to by the church.
Credit reporting agencies reported a rush of traffic and a few glitches as a new federal law requiring free access to credit data went into effect.
Firefox is the second most popular Web browser in Europe, with 5.51 percent of the market share at the end of November, according to Adtech.
While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
NEW YORK - Select Comfort Corp. stock fell after the bed maker lowered is sales forecast, citing slow sales during the Thanksgiving weekend.
Russian President Vladimir Putin accused the United States on Friday of pursuing a dictatorial foreign policy and said mounting violence could derail progress toward bringing peace and democracy to Iraq.
ISLAMABAD : Pakistan and India have agreed to restore a second rail link between the countries which was severed nearly 40 years ago.
Beijing (AsiaNews/Agencies) - The EUs ban on arms sales to China will be the main topic at next week high-profile diplomatic talks between China and Europe.
Six elephants from the film Alexander join rescue teams to clean up debris-strewn forests in parts of Thailand.
Just days after Lycos Europe #39;s launch of an anti-spam DDoS tool raised eyebrows in the security space, the company appears to have scrapped the campaign.
Stuart Appleby got his putter working to score a 69 and take the lead at 5-under-par after the second round of the Sun City Golf Challenge in South Africa on Friday.
AP - China has launched the first submarine in a new class of nuclear subs designed to fire intercontinental ballistic missiles, U.S. defense officials said Friday.
Technology stocks have underperformed the rest of the market this year, and professional investors have reduced their commitment to the industry as a growing number of analysts question the outlook for the sector.
The US Supreme Court said on Friday it would decide what regulations should apply to high-speed broadband Internet service offered by cable companies like Time Warner 
AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it will consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.
Napster founder Shawn Fanning has returned to the online downloading arena with the approval of some significant members of the music industry.
The Skulls trojan horse we warned you about last month didnt do much since users had to install it themselves (thats why its called a trojan).
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound thinks allegations that Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones used steroids are serious enough to warrant a hearing.
AP - State and local governments will be barred from taxing connections that link people to the Internet for the next three years under legislation signed Friday by President Bush.
AP - A pair of top executives in charge of the networks division at mobile phone giant Nokia Corp. are leaving the company for personal reasons, the Finnish company said Friday.
US Ambassador John Danforth dismissed suggestions on Friday he resigned from his UN post after just five months because he bridled at orders from the Washington 
Kosovo #39;s Albanian-dominated parliament has elected former rebel commander Ramush Haradinaj as prime minister, ignoring Western concern that he may be indicted for war crimes any day now.
Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Zack the dog was home with his original family Friday, but it's not a happy ending for everyone involved.
AP - An oversized model train speeds over the heads of visitors to guide them through 200 species of orchids.
AP - Hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic hurricane season again next year after one of the most destructive seasons on record.
See our top ten picks of the oddest and most unexpected discoveries of the year, from cat cloning to hobbit-like humans to bloodsucking bedbugs.
The cost of Christmas rose this year, but some surprising elements got cheaper.
A report in The New York Times that IBM is poised to sell off its PC unit has provoked mixed reactions and tentative interpretations from analysts who follow the historic company.
The man whose Napster software let lots of music fans swap songs on the Internet for free is now working to help the music companies who once sued him out of business.
A new system from Nortel will replace British Telecom #39;s existing distributed infrastructure based on Nortel Meridian private branch exchange products.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India agreed on Friday to re-open the Khokhropar-Munabao railway link, which was severed nearly 40 years ago.
TOMMY BURNS #39; appointment as Walter Smith #39;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.
Five explosions hit Madrid at Friday evening rush hour -- three of them at gas stations -- after a warning from the Basque separatist group ETA, police said.
Floodwaters have receded in the northern Philippines, following a week of severe flooding and four typhoons, but thousands of people remain cut off from help.
The begin reshaping their roster, sending Kenny Lofton and cash to the Phillies for setup man Felix Rodriguez and nearing a trade to reacquire Mike Stanton from the Mets.
East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program  quot;into a new era.
AP - East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program "into a new era."
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees re-signed  catcher John Flaherty to a one-year contract on Friday.
US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld accepts a request from President Bush to say in his job, a senior official said.
Grotius writes  quot;Reuters reported that the Supreme Court will hear a broadband regulation case that may determine whether FCC regulations apply to cable companies providing broadband services.
Asians tend not to be very straightforward. They avoid precise questions and exact answers, even on matters of paramount importance - like money.
Earth #39;s defences may need to be boosted against the risk of potentially deadly microbes returning on board space probes sent to study Mars, according to leading scientists.
Lindsey Kildow of the United States won a women #39;s downhill Friday to celebrate the first World Cup victory of her career. With compatriots Bode Miller and 
The US Fish and Wildlife Service said on Friday its senior biologists have recommended that the greater sage grouse not be listed as an endangered species, a finding for 
When the leading left-wing tabloid sells a sizable stake to a Rothschild heir, you know things are getting desperate for France #39;s newspaper industry.
Embattled McDonald #39;s has lost its second CEO in the past year after Charlie Bell resigned today to continue his battle with cancer.
SI.com spoke to Sports Illustrated senior writer Jon Wertheim, who is in Seville, Spain, covering the Davis Cup final for the magazine.
AFP - John Danforth, who has resigned as US ambassador to the United Nations, is a respected moderate within the Republican establishment and an ordained Episcopal priest sometimes nicknamed "Saint Jack."
AP - The New Orleans Hornets traded veteran guard Darrell Armstrong to the Dallas Mavericks for third-year player Dan Dickau on Friday.
Two first half goals within two minutes gave Monaco a 2-0 win over Stade Rennes on Friday, ending a series of eight Ligue 1 games without a win.
The Democratic Republic of Congo has placed it troops on alert and is deploying soldiers to the east of the country, after reports that Rwandan troops have infiltrated the area.
AP - Forbes magazine is removing paid advertising links from stories that appear on its Web site, abandoning an experiment it began in August.
In seven newly filed lawsuits, Microsoft alleges the purveyors of unsolicited obscene e-mail messages violated federal restrictions.
AP - The Web portal Lycos Europe on Friday terminated a spam-fighting campaign that had been criticized as a breach of Internet civility.
US sprint queen Marion Jones says she will sue accused steroid peddler Victor Conte over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics.
NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is selling its PC business, marking the end of an era for the\personal computing pioneer, according to a story published today in the
AP - Apple Computer Inc. shares fell Friday after Needham  amp; Co. downgraded the stock to "hold" from "buy."
Reuters - Global warming could lead to a big\chill in the North Atlantic, at least if history is anything to\go by, researchers reported on Friday.
Baseball's owners vote to approve the relocation of the Expos to Washington for the 2005 season despite a lone objection from Orioles owner Peter Angelos.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; DEC/Compaq hands in pain
International Business Machines Corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
The US Supreme Court said today it will hear argument on whether online cable access must allow rivals to use its equipment. The case could ultimately decide whether cable operators must allow use of their 
It looks like Florida is going to get its first choice this time. Turned down by Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops and Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan three years ago before 
Auburn will enter Saturdays SEC championship game as a heavy favorite over Tennessee, and for good reason. While Auburn dominated opponents on its way to the SEC West title, Tennessee looked more vulnerable 
Tom Noonan, the CEO of Internet Security Systems, talked with Computerworld about why companies need to stop simply reacting to security threats and focus on preventing them as well.
A growing interest in product life-cycle management capabilities by small and midsize manufacturing companies is fueling vendor attempts to make PLM technologies easier to deploy and use.
IBM is discussing selling its PC business to Lenovo Group Ltd., China's largest maker of personal computers, and at least one other potential buyer, according to The New York Times.
WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes.
It is unfair that DSL products deemed telecom services have been regulated much more tightly than the primary competition -- cable modems -- telcos have complained.
Napster Creator Unleashes New File Sharing Service\
Poorer pensioners will get an extra 4 a week from April - or 6.10 more for couples - according to figures in the Pre-Budget report.
Jose Maria Olazabal has revealed that his participation on next year #39;s regular US Tour now hinges on receiving sponsors invitations.
The explosions hit five gas stations simultaneously, after a telephone warning from the armed Basque separatist group ETA. Two police officers were slightly wounded by one of the bombs.
Sky News reports its undercover look at security shortcomings at London #39;s Heathrow Airport has sparked a government investigation.
Employers slowed their hiring as they headed into the holiday shopping season, adding just 112,000 new jobs in November for the weakest gain in five months.
Storm weary residents of Florida and the rest of the Southeast can take a little consolation from the first forecast of tropical weather for next year.
Microsoft #39;s entry into the blogging realm with MSN Spaces will cause an exponential growth in popularity for the Web-based communications technology.
The International Association of Athletics Federations will select the venue of the 2009 world track and field championships from three bidding European cities during its two-day meeting this weekend.
The Kosovo parliament on Friday elected former rebel leader Ramush Haradinaj, an ethnic Albanian, as prime minister of the UN-controlled southern Serbian province.
AP - The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether cable companies must open their high-speed lines to rival Internet providers.
Bruised by aggressive promotional pricing by competitors over the Thanksgiving weekend, Wal-Mart on Thursday announced a counterattack.
One of the people free-agent right-hander Carl Pavano wanted to talk to on his trip to Detroit was Tigers pitching coach Bob Cluck.
Reuters - An explosion at a southwest Houston\chemical plant was felt as far as 15 miles away on Friday\night, witnesses told Reuters.
The ever-widening Balco scandal has sent new shockwaves through baseball, as it emerged that Barry Bonds, arguably the best player in the game, had used suspicious substances 
Swedish golfer Marcus Norgren picked up three shots through five holes in today #39;s third round of the Australian PGA Championship on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.
AP - Notre Dame's Plan 'A' appears to be heading to Florida.
China #39;s policy of fixing the value of its currency to the dollar has made government efforts to slow its economy more difficult, the US Treasury Department said in a semi-annual report 
PC World - Action doesn't cancel existing taxes on Internet sales, however.
Investor's Business Daily - Operating a wireless phone company is hardly a license to print money. Many wireless firms struggle to generate cash flow. It normally takes years to break even.
Investor's Business Daily - Big Blue might be ready to lose another key link to its hardware legacy.
MONTEREY, Calif. -- Salvation Army bell ringers will be back in time for the holidays, at least at one nationwide store chain that had banned them.
President George Bush on Friday signed into law a three-year moratorium on Internet access taxes. The law extends a ban on Internet taxes that expired on November 1, 2003.
Ubisoft has released its holiday flagship title, Prince of Persia: Warrior Within for all major consoles, including the Nintendo GameCube.
AP - Kurt Busch's busy week of celebration was capped Friday night with his acceptance of NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship trophy.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Suspended Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest will take the first steps in hopes of saving his NBA season next week.
Transmeta has licensed its LongRun2 power management technology to Fujitsu, the second customer to purchase the rights to use the technology, Transmeta said Thursday.
Fraud crackdown begins with with photo comparisons and invisible security numbers.
Voice over IP, online presentations, and multiparty video conferencing under consideration.
Shawn Fanning, founder of Napster and former scourge of the music industry, has set up his own firm in an attempt to legitimise online file-sharing.
AP - Defense Minister Robert Hill traveled to Iraq Saturday to meet with some of the 900 soldiers Australia has stationed there as part of the U.S.-led coalition, the ministry said.
AP - Jeff Brehaut shot an 11-under 61 Friday and took a two-stroke lead halfway through the PGA Tour's final qualifying tournament.
House prices will decline 2 per cent over the next year as the market experiences a  quot;measured slowdown quot;, the Halifax said yesterday.
Wolverhampton  amp; Dudley, the brewer and pub group, announced a 120m offer for Burtonwood of Cheshire, sparking speculation about a wave of sector consolidation.
The US Department of Homeland Security plans to scale back the level of cleanup recommended after detonation of a dirty bomb, policy watchdogs assert.
The first day of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States made history as a record 27,200 spectators took their seats under the temporary roof in the Estadio Olimpico.
Austrian Stephan Goergl ended American Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak by taking a World Cup Super-G race in the Colorado Rockies on Thursday.
Eventually, the Utah Utes will know who they #39;re playing, where they #39;re playing and who will be coaching them in the future.
American and Iraqi forces clashed with insurgents in several areas of Mosul yesterday, killing at least 11 attackers in a key northern city that has seen a surge in violence recently, officials said.
The economy added 112,000 payroll jobs in November, far fewer than the month before and not enough to keep up with average increases in the adult population.
Shocked by a mediocre post-Thanksgiving weekend, merchants are rushing to mark down their merchandise - before the majority of holiday shoppers have even seen it.
Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
An extremely rare Hawaiian bird dies in captivity, possibly marking the extinction of its entire species only 31 years after it was first discovered.
Even though the Yankees are trying to develop a case against Jason Giambi, they are skeptical about ever getting his contract voided.
A 1,000-square-foot gray trailer in the parking lot of RFK Stadium serves as the first retail outlet fans can get Nationals gear.
Quarterback Chad Pennington is scheduled to start for the New York Jets when they face the Houston Texans on Sunday.
Running back Clinton Portis should get the ball often against the Giants as the Redskins plan to rotate Ladell Betts in less often.
Coveted free agent pitcher Carl Pavano will visit five cities, including Baltimore, in less than a week to decide where to sign.
Microsoft Corp., worlds largest software maker, has entered the blog market with its new MSN Spaces beta service that it started offering to end-users starting Thursday.
BODE Miller earned his fourth win of the season when he and fellow American Daron Rahlves finished a first-ever 1-2 in a World Cup downhill today.
Notre Dame has failed and Florida has succeeded in hiring Utah Coach Urban Meyer, according to various family members.
The Supreme Court on Friday stepped into one of the most heated debates over the future of the Internet: how to classify high-speed Internet cable service for purposes 
The new chief executive of the McDonald #39;s Corporation, James A. Skinner, promised yesterday to continue the positive momentum the company has had for the last 18 months and make no significant 
President Joseph Kabila accused Rwanda on Friday of trying to cause a confrontation with Congo in an effort to disrupt Congolese moves to secure the country and move toward elections next year.
A man stabbed and injured 12 first-grade children at a primary school in northeast China Friday morning before being seized by police, Xinhua news agency said.
AP - International Business Machines Corp.'s possible exit from the personal computer business would be the latest move in what amounts to a long goodbye from a field it pioneered and revolutionized.
Reuters - Kansas City Chiefs\quarterback Trent Green is expected to start in Sunday's game\against the Oakland Raiders despite suffering from bruises to\his ribs and hip.
AP - Legendary explorer Robert Ballard was nervous this summer as he prepared to return to the Titanic for the first time since he discovered the famous shipwreck nearly two decades ago.
Ukraine's Supreme Court overturned the results of the country's disputed election and ordered a new runoff by Dec. 26.
The lawyer for Barry Bonds confirmed Friday that the San Francisco Giants left fielder used a clear substance and a cream given to him by his personal weight trainer 
Quarterback Chad Pennington is scheduled to return to the New York Jets #39; lineup tomorrow against the Houston Texans at Giants Stadium.
AP - Larry Eustachy returned to Iowa with a new look and a new attitude. He also picked up a technical foul. Some things never change.
The sound of bell ringers has always been heard at Target stores, but this year the bells have been silenced, and that silence is having tremendous effects.
Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was arrested early Friday for allegedly paying a woman \$40 for oral sex, the Rocky Mountain News reported.
United Nations officials fear that Secretary General Kofi Annan may have lost the confidence of the organization #39;s most powerful constituent, the United States.
An extremely rare Hawaiian bird has died in captivity, possibly marking the extinction of its species only 31 years after it was first discovered.
AP - The Colorado Rockies named Mike Gallego their third base coach and Jeff Bridich as manager of minor league operations on Friday.
The Supreme Court yesterday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to Internet service providers offering competing services.
The Census Bureau has confirmed what any driver on the Parkway East already knows: There are a lot of sport utility vehicles out there.
After days of negative publicity and criticism, Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; screensaver application is no longer available.
With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his US teammates were reduced to silence yesterday in the Davis Cup final.
German authorities claimed to have foiled a plot to attack Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, as German police arrested three Iraqis in a series of raids across three cities.
Some California officials are proposing that the state get out of the pension business and give state and municipal workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Despite a barrage of complaints, the Transportation Security Administration will continue to require physical pat-downs for some passengers at security checkpoints.
From department store to discounter, retailers are using innovative technology and clever packaging to make shoppers feel good about giving the gift of plastic.
 Boeing Co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its European rival Airbus SAS.
Riggs has replaced Joseph M. Cahill as part the ongoing fallout from a recent internal investigation into failures to abide by federal laws designed to prevent money laundering.
Federal prosecutors Friday urged a judge in Houston to keep the fraud trial of three former Enron Corp. executives in the energy trader's hometown, saying that a fair trial is possible.
Rafael Nadal upset world number two Andy Roddick in four sets to give Spain a commanding two-nil lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final on Friday.
An overwhelming majority of NHL players who expressed their opinion in a poll said they would not support a salary cap even if it meant saving a season that was supposed to have started Oct. 13.
John C. Danforth, the US ambassador to the United Nations, said Friday that he withdrew his name from contention for any senior post in President Bush #39;s second term 
AFP - President Vladimir Putin earned a thumbs-down from India's media after failing to back veto rights for any new permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
Barry Bonds is being linked more than ever to what could be baseball's biggest scandal since the Chicago White Sox threw the 1919 World Series.
Comedy Meet The Fockers remains top of the North American box office chart after taking another 23.7m.
Web developer David Poteet of New City Media reports on the User Interface 9 Conference.
Those in charge of baseball's statistics say Barry Bonds's records will remain intact for now.
IBM, which pioneered the personal computer business in the 1980s, is said to be negotiating the sale of its PC unit in a move that could reshape the industry.
SINGAPORE : China Aviation Oil has confirmed it is being probed by the Commercial Affairs Department for problems at the company. On Friday, the white-collar crime buster 
Arsene Wenger says Arsenal #39;s loss of form adds up to a crisis at Highbury but believes the feeling inside the club remains optimistic.
Ballys Atlantic City, in association with Main Events, will present a sensational fight card highlighted by featherweights Rocky Juarez vs.
The UN highlights the plight of children orphaned by the tsunami disaster, some of whose lives are at risk.
China has warned that continuing the European Union (EU) arms embargo on Beijing will negatively affect the relationship between them.
The software giant, Microsoft, has filed lawsuits against seven companies for violating the CAN-SPAM  quot;Brown Paper Wrapper quot; rule.
Under pressure from Washington, Tehran acquiesced November 28 to demands by the French, German, and British governments that it halt all activities related to the enrichment of uranium.
AFP - Recovery operations at a landslide in southwest China which left at least 23 dead and scores missing have resumed as nearby coal mines were shut for investigations into their possible role in the disaster.
The EU trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, has asked US officials for their stance on threatened World Trade Organization action over aid to Airbus.
One of the world #39;s most notorious drug traffickers, Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, is on his way to the United States after being extradited from Colombia.
It looks like the US has upheld its penalty tariffs on importing shrimp from Vietnam and China--to the relief of American shrimp producers and the detriment of consumers.
American skiier Bode Miller made it four World Cup wins in five races when he stormed to victory in the men #39;s downhill at Beaver Greek in Colorado.
A double-bogey six on the treacherous 17th hole at the Gary Player Country Club cost Lee Westwood the outright lead after the second round of the Nedbank Golf Challenge yesterday.
The NHL and the NHLPA have planned a meeting for December 9th in Toronto to discuss the NHLPAs new proposal for a new collective bargaining agreement.
If the 30-yard frozen rope Chad Pennington threw to Santana Moss for a touchdown - into the wind -esterday in practice is any indication, the quarterback should be 
Princeton was in unfamiliar territory as the first Ivy League team to reach the Final Four of the NCAA women #39;s soccer tournament.
it hit Taiwan on Saturday. Hundreds of people fled their homes and two people were reported missing after torrential. Nanmadol killed at least 35 people in the Philippines and 
The nation's labor markets sputtered again last month as job growth, which surged in October, reverted to the lackluster pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
Dieters hoping for a slew of new products with the sugar substitute Splenda may be disappointed next year.
WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to consider whether cable companies must open their high-speed lines to rival Internet providers.
Boeing announced a shake-up in its executive ranks yesterday, ousting its chief airplane salesman at a time when rival Airbus is beating it in airplane orders for the fourth consecutive year.
US Airways #39; 800 reservations agents at Parkway Center will have the option of transferring to North Carolina or receiving cash buyouts plus one year #39;s 
Colour television (CTV) makers expect Indian consumers to switch over to top-end plasma projection and liquid crystal display (LCD) televisions at a rapid rate.
MARION JONES injected herself with performance-enhancing drugs while the man at the centre of huge doping scandal watched, he claimed in an explosive TV interview last night.
LEE Westwood #39;s hopes of a halfway lead at the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa were sunk by a watery double bogey at the 17th yesterday.
Ben Wallace #39;s return to the Detroit Pistons #39; lineup was far less eventful than his last appearance for the defending NBA champions.
Quarterback Trent Green took most of the snaps in yesterday #39;s Kansas City practice and is likely to start for the Chiefs tomorrow at Oakland.
The Montreal Expos appear to be near the end of a long road, mere inches from finally becoming the Washington Nationals. And Mayor Anthony Williams believes the District of Columbia is making similar progress 
Insurgents in Baghdad struck a police station and a mosque at dawn Friday, killing at least 30 people and wounding nearly as many.
The Philippines put the toll at more than 1,000 dead or missing in four storms in two weeks but, even with a break in the weather on Saturday 
Once every week or two, Brian Spangler pumps \$30 of gasoline into his 2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Spangler said neither the cost nor the driving bothers him.
The Yankees have spent the last two years trying to find a left-handed reliever to take the place of Mike Stanton. Now they have one: Mike Stanton.
AP - Ben Wallace's return to the Detroit Pistons' lineup was far less eventful than his last appearance for the defending NBA champions.
AP - With drums pounding and a brass band playing, Andy Roddick and his U.S. teammates were reduced to silence Friday in the Davis Cup final.
washingtonpost.com - The Supreme Court yesterday agreed to consider whether the federal government should require cable television operators to open their cable lines to Internet service providers offering competing services.
washingtonpost.com - Among corporate technology managers, it's one of the oldest adages: "Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM."
TechWeb - Kerio Technologies, a vendor that specializes in perimeter and messaging security, has rolled out a new channel program and a new software-based firewall.
AFP - Philippine President Gloria Arroyo's government has issued a fresh warning to Filipino job-seekers trying to fly to Iraq despite a government ban.
Two Red Sox diehards, comedians Lenny Clarke and Denis Leary, stood in the shadow of the Green Monster Thursday night and reveled in the team's championship.
New York Jets quarterback Chad Pennington will start tomorrow against the Houston Texans after sitting out the last three games with a strained right rotator cuff.
The University of New Hampshire football team will be without its most dynamic playmaker in today's NCAA Division 1-AA quarterfinal matchup against Montana.
Auburn has put together one of the greatest years in school history, claiming a spot in today's Southeastern Conference title game against No. 15 Tennessee.
Talk about home cookin'. Hosting its annual men's basketball Invitational Tournament this weekend, Williams College rolled to a record-tying victory last night.
KIEV -- Ukraine's highest court declared the results of the disputed presidential election invalid yesterday and ordered a new runoff between the two main candidates on Dec. 26.
PRISTINA, Serbia-Montenegro -- Kosovo lawmakers yesterday elected a former rebel commander to be the prime minister even though he was recently questioned by UN war crimes investigators.
Jonny Hurst, Britain's soccer chant laureate, does not have as high a profile as the nation's poet laureate, but their responsibilities are vaguely similar.
When it came down to making a decision between the Notre Dame job he had often dreamed about and what could become his dream job in Gainesville, University of Utah football 
CELTIC manager Martin O #39;Neill last night insisted that club commitments could prevent Tommy Burns staying onas Scotland #39;s No.2.
Sage grouse should not be listed as an endangered species, said a US Fish and Wildlife Service panel of biologists Friday. The panel of regional managers and senior scientists made their recommendation to 
No one knows where Jason Giambi goes from here, now that he has come clean about the dirty business of steroids and performance-enhancing drugs.
The Nets have waited more than two months for Jason Kidd to practice. So it shouldn #39;t be a problem for them to wait another two days before he suits up.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has lent its full support to United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan and wishes to see him complete his remaining tenure in office.
IBM, seeking to exit an industry it helped pioneer two decades ago, hired Merrill Lynch to find a buyer for its personal-computer unit.
The main supplier of jet fuel to China is continuing to do business despite a criminal investigation of its 442.6m losses on derivative trading, the company said.
IRAQ:The photos found on a Web site show Navy SEALs sitting on prisoners, some with blood dripping from their heads. BY SETH HETTENA.
Israeli forces detained a senior leader of Hamas #39;s military wing in the West Bank today during a night-time raid on his hideout, witnesses said.
Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
Mark Webber has re-ignited the war of words with former Jaguar teammate Antonio Pizzonia, accusing the Brazilian of lying about quality of their cars.
With widespread reports asserting that Utah coach Urban Meyer has accepted an offer to become the next football coach at the University of Florida, the most serious potential suitor for University 
A majority of Western governors gathered in San Diego yesterday said they favor significant revisions in the federal Endangered Species Act, one of the nation #39;s landmark environmental laws.
ARSNE WENGER admitted yesterday that Arsenals run of disappointing results amounts to a crisis, although he played down the extent of the dilemma as much as he could.
Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was cited Friday for solicitation after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
AP - Fifteen people were killed when a fire broke out in a furniture factory warehouse in the Moscow region, the Interfax news agency reported Saturday.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is proposing a tax increase to raise \$900 million a year to help pay for a five-year rebuilding program.
NEW YORK -- The NHL Players #39; Association is working on a proposal that will see players give up serious concessions in a bid to salvage the season.
Colorado Rockies pitcher Denny Neagle was charged Friday with soliciting a prostitute after a woman in his car said he paid her \$40 for oral sex, police said.
On Thursday, Sen. John Ensign of Nevada joined Sen. Norm Coleman of Minnesota in calling for the immediate resignation of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan.
The search for a new Notre Dame football coach has apparently taken an abrupt and unexpected turn Friday when several media outlets reported that Utah coach Urban Meyer accepted the coaching job at Florida.
Being in the right spot earned the Notre Dame womens soccer team a spot in the NCAA championship game. Candace Chapman scored with about 18 minutes left Friday to lift the 
At least three people have been killed and more than 40 wounded after twin suicide car bombs blew up outside a police station near Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
In a week that featured the breakdown of trade talks involving Randy Johnson and Jason Giambi #39;s steroid admission, trades for Felix Rodriguez and Mike Stanton sure seem trivial.
 quot;The purpose of the BCS is to match the nation #39;s top two college football teams in an end-of-season bowl game for the National Championship.
Colombia has extradited to the United States the most notorious drug cartel kingpin in its custody, El Tiempo newspaper reported Saturday.
It #39;s been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running #39;s intoxicating rhythm.
A suicide bomber detonated a car bomb Saturday at the entrance to Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone, killing at least 15 and wounding 30 others.
A police station on the outskirts of Baghdad #39;s Green Zone has been attacked by a suspected suicide bomber driving a truckload of explosives.
Sure, next year #39;s season likely will have more storms in the Atlantic region than an average year, Colorado State University forecaster William Gray said.
NAPSTER creator SHAWN FANNING has revealed his plans for a new licensed file-sharing service with an almost unlimited selection of tracks.
A decision announced Friday to not list the greater sage grouse as an endangered or threatened species still leaves open the possibility the approximately 1,000 birds remaining in Washington could be listed.
ATI Technologies Inc. has announced that PCI Express (PCIe)-enabled graphics cards are set to account for 25 of the global graphics card market by year-end.
Lee Westwood recovered from a nightmare start to his third round and reached the turn just one shot off the lead in the Nedbank Golf Challenge.
Reuters - Oil is still king on Wall Street --\and if you don't believe it, just take a look at this year's\stock market charts.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Car buyers, tired of designs that roll  off the assembly line, are shifting gears to decades past.
Spanish captain Jordi Arrese named Juan Carlos Ferrero Saturday to play doubles with Tommy Robredo, replacing 18-year-old Rafael Nadal.
Duncan Fletcher admitted that the controversy surrounding Englands tour to Zimbabwe had affected their performance in their opening win Sunday.
Grotech Capital Group Inc.  is getting back into the fish business.
The Republican movement is holding up progress in the search for a new peace process deal, Democratic Unionist leader the Reverend Ian Paisley claimed today.
One feature in Firefox is tabbed browsing, which allows users to load pages from multiple sites without having to open a new browser window for each one.
BAGHDAD - Two powerful car bombs exploded simultaneously Saturday near Baghdad #39;s most heavily guarded area, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 59 others.
Sudan says it will decide next week whether to charge Islamist leader Hassan Turabi over an alleged coup attempt.
 quot;Now Conte has broken his silence, they will be seeking him for further information. The IAAF will follow the situation, quot; he said.
Description: NPR #39;s Michele Norris talks with Wall Street Journal sports reporter Stefan Fatsis about the latest news from the college gridiron.
It is a licensed file-sharing service with almost an unlimited selection of tracks that will give record labels a degree of control over file-sharing.
Motorsport crowned a new king in the V8 Supercars last night when Ford #39;s Marcos Ambrose swept to successive championship titles in the final round of the season at Eastern Creek.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina  has been voted Russia's female player of the year by the panel  of tennis journalists, coaches and officials.
Rock singer Bono pledges to spend the rest of his life trying to eradicate extreme poverty around the world.
FORD driver Marcos Ambrose today sealed back-to-back V8 Supercar championships with victory in the 100km opening race at the series Grand Finale.
The owners of Major League Baseball #39;s 30 teams voted almost unanimously today to approve the relocation of the Montreal Expos to Washington, the league reported Dec. 3 on its website.
Pakistan and India agreed Friday to resume the second rail link between the two nations. According to a statement jointly issued by technical teams fromboth sides at the conclusion 
Boeing Co. changed management of its commercial aircraft division yesterday, replacing the head of the sales team after losing several competitions to its European rival Airbus SAS.
Not quite as strong (or as controversial) as Arnold Schwarzenegger, Shawn Fanning is back -- in the music downloading game, according to MTV News.
Miss Peru beats off more than 100 beauty contestants to win the Miss World competition in China.
SPRINT queen Marion Jones says she will sue accused steroid peddler Victor Conte over his allegations that she received banned drugs before winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics.
 AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Judges trying Slobodan Milosevic  rejected Tuesday a bid by lawyers appointed to defend the  former Yugoslav president to withdraw from the case.
An Egyptian man suspected of playing a key role in the Madrid train bombings has been handed over to Spain.
Wireless carrier Sprint has signed contracts with Lucent, Nortel and Motorola for network upgrades, including the development of high-speed Internet services.
AP - Some black Notre Dame alumni say the recent firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham will hamper the school's efforts to recruit and retain black students and teachers.
In an effort to ease the transition to higher-capacity disc technology, Toshiba and Memory-Tech have developed a dual-layer disc that supports DVD and HD DVD formats.
An identity-stealing e-mail Trojan horse that disguises itself as the Lycos Europe antispam screensaver is being distributed around the Internet, an antivirus company has warned.
With Apple (Quote, Chart) by its side, Oracle will begin offering a flexible storage strategy catering to customers concerned about cutting the costs associated with saving data.
Oil prices fell more than a dollar to a three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the heavy energy consuming US northeast.
ID Biomedical (Nasdaq: IDBE) recently showed the importance of being in the right place at the right time, especially in the vaccine business.
PC World - Alternative e-mail client will compete with Outlook Express and Eudora.
AFP - Prosecutors here are expected to file charges Wednesday against National Basketball Association players and spectators who took part in a November 19 brawl.
Following the revelation that Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi used steroids, some government officials began demanding that major league baseball adopt a stricter steroid policy.
A fight between players and fans at a high school basketball game last week probably will result in charges against some of those involved, a sheriff #39;s deputy said Tuesday.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan is the uppermost utopian model of international public servants, a Nobel Prize laureate, a pride to his native Africa.
 CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA reported Tuesday.
AP - Biologist Jane Goodall brought her trademark message to Singapore on Tuesday: human beings and chimpanzees are more alike than one would think.
AP - Excavators discovered 20 gilded mummies in the Bahariya oasis in western Egypt, the government's council of antiquities said Tuesday.
AP - Californians voted by a wide margin last month to pass a landmark  #36;3 billion initiative to fund stem-cell research. That may have been the easy part.
The BBC leads the nominations for the Bafta Interactive Awards, including for the Radio Times site.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Cheryl Samuel-Todd completes her round  with seconds to spare, despite having a journalist and a public  relations officer in tow.
China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes amid reports it might buy IBM Corp.'s personal computer business.
As UN climate change talks begin in Buenos Aires, we examine Britain's proposals to cut greenhouse gases.
Scientists are selecting subjects to be locked in a self-sufficient capsule to test plans for a trip to Mars.
Honeywell documents reveal plans to move 5,000 jobs overseas
Kabul was calm amid massive security for Hamid Karzai's inauguration ceremony, but overnight attacks provided a reminder of threats.
Alicia Keys and Usher received 8 Grammy nominations each today and Ray Charles, who died in June, received 7.
German electronics manufacturer Siemens has set what it claims to be the fastest-ever wireless connection.
Weeks after the launch of its Firefox 1.0 Web browser, the Mozilla Foundation on Tuesday is set to release version 1.0 of its Thunderbird e-mail client.
A Dutch businessman will face genocide charges for allegedly supplying Saddam Hussein #39;s government with chemicals used to make poison gas that killed thousands of 
Seiko Epson will commercialize OLED TVs by 2007, the company says.
Users will receive free warnings of worms and viruses targeting their chat client.
Alternative e-mail client will compete with Outlook Express and Eudora.
Free software helps organize large music collections.
Virus writers have begun distributing their wares in emails that pose as Lycos's abandoned "Make love not spam" screensaver.
Nintendo has played down the threat from Sony, saying that Nintendo #39;s strength lies in software and the ability to make games that are easy and fun.
Twenty-seven of the 56 schools with bowl-bound football teams graduated less than half their players, a study released Tuesday shows.
US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says he expects US troops to withdraw from Iraq within four years, conditions permitting, the New York Times said.
A lawyer for an anonymous bidder acquired a set of patents covering important aspects of commercial Internet transactions for \$15.5 million.
AP - The Dallas Cowboys can only imagine how different their season might be had Julius Jones been healthy the whole time.
The BALCO scandal could cost Marion Jones her five medals from the Sydney Olympics. The International Olympic Committee opened an investigation Tuesday into the doping allegations against the American track star.
Meeting with visiting here Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia is ready to support all Iraqi steps aimed at restoring order 
Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf is appealing to moderate Muslims to stand up and confront Islamic extremists who are promoting terrorism.
Iraq's interim president warned today against Iranian meddling in Iraqi politics ahead of elections next month and said his countrymen must reject religious government.
A Walt Disney Co. director testified Tuesday that he believed Disney chief executive Michael Eisner had the authority to fire Michael Ovitz as the entertainment giant #39;s president.
from LPs to compact discs and from VHS to DVD, quot; says Jeff Joseph of the Consumer Electronics Association.  quot;High definition 
MARK Viduka was a relieved man after ending his 12-match English Premiership goal drought yesterday with a double which inspired Middlesbrough to a 3-2 home victory over Manchester City.
Reuters - Health care and consumer\products maker Johnson   Johnson is in negotiations to acquire\medical-device maker Guidant Corp., sources familiar with the\situation said on Tuesday.
AFP - US employers announced plans in November to step up job cuts, with the total exceeding 100,000 for the third month in a row, an industry survey showed.
Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a three-month low Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped heating oil demand in the U.S. Northeast.
Is a new MS drug going to be a top seller or a bottom-dweller? Here's how to find out.
The used-car retailer stabilizes results with an all-in-one strategy.
Stanley Works tries to keep growth going by focusing on businesses that keep baddies out.
ID Biomedical appears well-positioned for the coming years, but it may be best to stay cautious on the company.
With backwards compatibility, first-party games, and a cheaper price, Nintendo DS is the portable system to beat.
Reuters - General Motors Corp. , coming off\two straight months of disappointing sales, told dealers on\Tuesday it will launch new U.S. sales incentives later this\week.
WASHINGTON The US Supreme Court was told today that state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional.
OXFORD, Miss. - Three high-profile coaches are no longer being considered to fill the football coaching vacancy at the University of Mississippi.
The Los Angeles Dodgers signed Ricky Ledee to a two-year contract Monday, giving them a left-handed pinch-hitter and more depth in the outfield.
Vicente Fox, Mexico #39;s president, on Monday fired Mexico City #39;s police chief and the commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the 
Pressured by global competition, Colgate-Palmolive announced today that it would cut jobs and close plants to increase profit margins.
The French media giant and its former chief executive Jean-Marie Messier are each fined 1m euros for misleading the public and investors.
NASA is counting on a series of preventative measures to get the space shuttle back into flight after the Columbia tragedy in 2003, including tight limits 
Plus, Amazon blacks out, a sad day for Colgate, and profiting from questions.
Nation's leading supermarket operator posts 29 rise in third-quarter earnings, strong same-store sales.
A venture capitalist in the nano sector is finding some nice pickings.
More flu vaccine, this time from Germany, will be available to help alleviate the US crunch, but that still will leave the country with just two-thirds of what was initially expected.
Oxford finally got their hands on the silverware by beating Cambridge 18-11 in the 123rd Varsity rugby union match at Twickenham on Tuesday.
An Israeli soldier was killed and four were wounded today when a Palestinian double agent lured the troops into a booby-trapped chicken coop in Gaza City, the Hamas movement said.
Forget for the moment the White House spin about Iraq being the place where Arab pluralistic democracy will be born and from where it will spread throughout the region.
Madagascar completes the phasing out of its Malagasy franc currency with the pre-colonial Ariary.
AFP - The US government is falling short in cybersecurity efforts and should take immediate steps to protect the country's technological resources, an industry group said.
Reuters - The NBA announced on Tuesday\that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston's\Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
AP - Boise State coach Dan Hawkins signed a five-year,  #36;2.6 million contract extension on Tuesday that could keep him with the Broncos through the 2009 season.
AP - Bill Haas never imagined playing anywhere but the PGA Tour, and he couldn't hide his frustration after coming up two shots short of a tour card at Q-school.
AP - Despite President Bush's clear margin of victory in the 2004 presidential race, voting and civil rights advocates say the election did not go as smoothly as Americans might think.
 HOUSTON (Sports Network) - The NBA announced on Tuesday  that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston's  Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
The US tells a UN conference on climate change it has no intention of joining the Kyoto Protocol in the near future.
Niger's president is elected for a second term after comfortably winning a run-off vote, officials say.
A leading Sri Lankan opposition politician is given a prison sentence for defaming the supreme court.
Latrell Sprewell was suspended for one game by the NBA on Tuesday for yelling a sexual vulgarity at a female fan during a game.
Major attacks have continued in recent days, including several apparent efforts to sow divisions between groups.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan rejected on Tuesday calls by some US congressmen for his resignation over an alleged corruption scandal surrounding the UN-run Iraqi oil-for-food program.
Russia and Turkey, putting to rest lingering Cold War tensions, said Monday it was time their political ties caught up with their booming economic links.
Drug growers in Colombia are using genetically modified plants to dramatically boost cocaine yields, officials say.
Mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from Apple Computer, are also apparently interested in themselves as well.
About 40 patents owned by bankrupt software vendor Commerce Onewere auctioned for \$15.5 million in a San Francisco bankruptcy court Monday.
VoIP services are cropping up all over the place. We answer your questions about this new breed of phone services.
Telecom Italia (TLIT.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday offered to buy out minority shareholders in its mobile arm TIM in a 21 billion 
Houston, TX (Sports Network) - The NBA announced on Tuesday that the 55th annual All-Star Game will be played in Houston #39;s Toyota Center during the 2006 season.
A disciplinary Commission has been set up to investigate recent allegations of doping against Marion Jones, Jacques Rogge, the President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), announced today.
The European Commission is to back former EU trade commissioner Pascal Lamy to become the next head of the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
Media General Inc. said Tuesday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings to exceed Wall Street estimates, primarily due to the robust performance of its broadcast division.
BEA Systems said it will release a test version of its latest WebLogic Server software later this month and detailed product delivery plans for next year.
IBM is tweaking its semiconductor technology to help extend the performance of its servers and enterprise PCs, the company said Monday.
Dell on Monday dropped prices on select servers, workstations, desktops, and laptops aimed at corporate customers, saying it was passing along lower component costs to buyers.
AP - For all the changes in the intelligence bill, many question whether it will help prevent another terrorist attack and make the major improvements promised by ardent supporters.
President Alvaro Uribe has accelerated a program that redistributes land confiscated from narcotraffickers.
Parliament failed Tuesday to agree on constitutional changes and election reforms.
Arsenal ease into the knockout stages of the Champions League with a comfortable win over Rosenborg.
Oracle president Charles claimed that PeopleSoft customers would be able to take advantage of Oracle #39;s global reach for better support and development prospects if its controversial hostile takeover bid succeeds.
US stocks fell on Tuesday as a drop in oil prices pulled down shares of energy companies and health-care giant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he cannot imagine how Iraq could hold its elections (planned for next month) as long as the country remains under what he called foreign occupation.
AP - Best Buy Co. has lost another executive closely involved with its effort to focus on its most profitable customers.
Rocky Shoes and Boots makes an accretive acquisition -- and gets Dickies and John Deere as part of the deal.
Semiconductor manufacturer Texas Instruments sharpened its forecast for fourth-quarter sales and profits Tuesday while staying within the boundaries of its previous forecasts.
A group representing technology industry chief executives on Tuesday warned that the Bush administration has failed to follow through on its two-year-old strategy for protecting the nation #39;s 
Trying to save the famed Hubble Space Telescope (news - web sites) with a robot would cost \$2 billion with just a 50-50 chance of success, an aerospace 
Arsenal qualified for the last 16 of the Champions League with a 5-1 beating of Rosenborg on Tuesday. Support your favorite team with official Champions League gear from the FOX Soccer Shop!
AP - Matt Leinart was quite a baseball prospect growing up, showing so much promise as a left-handed pitcher that scouts took notice before high school.
AP - The world's most famous groundhog was drawn into a Capitol Hill fight Tuesday over political pork as officials defended  #36;100,000 in funding for a Pennsylvania weather museum.
After more than two weeks of delay, the G.O.P.-controlled House planned a final vote on the package late today.
Negotiators reached a tentative deal today to ease some of the mandatory prison sentences under former Gov. Nelson Rockefeller's name.
AFP - The dollar got little relief from strongly worded expressions from European Union finance chiefs, falling to another low against the euro.
At a time when most Americans can't get local movie listings on their cell phone screens, an Indian carrier is putting an entire film onto wireless phones. Missing Links
The justices appeared unmoved by arguments in defense of laws that prohibit the direct shipment of wine from other states.
BEA Systems yesterday unveiled Version 9.0 of its WebLogic Server application server, code-named Diablo, with the promise of simplified development of service-oriented applications.
Company says that instead of just performance, customers now want manageability features and lower power consumption.
IBM has unveiled virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
Oracle plans tomorrow to introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, a significant upgrade with improvements in Java, Web services and identity management, as well as support for RFID technology.
China's largest PC maker could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for up to \$2 billion.
Oracle unveiled Business Intelligence 10g at OracleWorld this week, surprising some of its customers with its entry into the BI market.
Companies say they are postponing release of the new animated film to June 2006 from November 2005. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Walt Disney Co.
AC Milan held host Celtic to a 0-0 draw in its final Champions League group match on Tuesday and finished at the top of the Group F standings.
Arsenal cruised into the knockout stage of the Champions League with a comfortable 5-1 win over a shell-shocked Rosenborg side at Highbury.
LONDON: Britains track  amp; field association is turning to a psychology professor to help prepare elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Walter Samuel says Real Madrid will not be affected by playing their decisive Champions League match against AS Roma behind closed doors at Rome #39;s Olympic Stadium on Wednesday.
AP - Texans safety Marcus Coleman will miss the rest of the season with a right shoulder injury,
More than 50 Mafia suspects have been arrested in the southern Italian port-city of Naples after dawn raids carried out by hundreds of police and paramilitary Carabinieri forces.
Mark Viduka and Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink found their touch in front of goal to fire Middlesbrough to victory over Manchester City. The Australian produced two exquisite finishes nine minutes into either half 
BURLINGTON, Vt. - Miami Dolphins wide receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to striking a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport.
The vote would send the intelligence overhaul bill to the Senate, which is expected to pass it on Wednesday.
Alicia Keys and Usher received eight Grammy nominations each on Monday and Ray Charles, who died in June, received seven.
China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp. faces a liquidation application as early as tomorrow unless it pays debt owed to Standard Bank London Ltd.
IMlogic and other security vendors announced a consortium Tuesday to fight IM and P-to-P (peer-to-peer) viruses, worms and unwanted spam.
Nintendo announced today that it has sold roughly half a million units in Japan, bringing global sales of its new handheld over its goal of one million units.
NO filtering system could ever completely stop the trade in pirated music on the Kazaa file sharing system, an expert witness for the recording industry has admitted.
German champions Werder Bremen squeezed Spanish counterparts Valencia out of the Champions League after an absorbing and sometimes fractious clash at the Mestalla on Tuesday evening.
Cristiano Ronaldo might be the world #39;s second-most expensive teenage footballer - after team-mate Wayne Rooney - but the Portugal international was also reminded that if he wants 
Egypt has brokered an understanding to halt Israeli-Palestinian violence and move toward a peace accord, the official Egyptian news agency said Tuesday.
SADO, Japan The American who deserted the Army and spent four decades in North Korea says today marks the next and last chapter in his life.
AP - Nomar Garciaparra enjoyed his brief stay with the Chicago Cubs so much he's coming back.
British athletics is set to spring a major surprise today by naming a virtually unknown psychologist as its new performance director.
TORONTO - A US soldier who walked out on the 82nd Airborne Division and fled to Canada rather than fight in Iraq is seeking refugee status.
Ukrainian MPs will make a new attempt on Wednesday to agree reforms ahead of the election re-run.
Texas Instruments Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of mobile-phone processors, narrowed its fourth- quarter sales forecast because industrial customers for its chips continue to reduce inventory.
IBM today said it has demonstrated a technique that triples the performance of a standard semiconductor transistor with a process that is compatible with conventional CMOS technology.
While taking a back seat to software and security efforts, hardware is still a big time concern according to our survey. Organizations are taking the opportunity to consolidate their environments as they replace 
OIL prices fell more than a dollar to a three-month low yesterday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the heavy energy consuming north-east of the United States.
InfoWorld - Oracle at the OpenWorld conference on Tuesday is making several product rollouts, including a new version of its database and grid computing enhancements.
DAVE Collins, a professor at Edinburgh University, has been charged with the task of preparing Britains elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Oxford, the pre-match favourites, reclaimed the MMC Trophy in one of the better Varsity matches for some time here yesterday. But this, the 123rd staging of the annual amateur 
Ziff Davis - Opinion: Want a quick and easy introduction to Linux? Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols offers two reading suggestions that will help get you started.
Now that Apple Computer has its shitake mushrooms together, it apparently is being coveted by IBM. Missing Links
AP - A state appeals court on Tuesday lifted an order that had stopped San Diego Mayor Dick Murphy from being sworn in for a second term.
Israel dismisses reports from Egypt that a peace plan has been agreed with the Palestinians as premature.
Accumulated lead exposure may increase the risk of developing a cataract, research suggests.
Nortel Networks is pushing its security features to the forefront with a series of updated products and a new relationship with security vendor Symantec.
Security alliance asks for more funding for cybersecurity research and development.
Humax offers solid box with built-in DVD recorder and 80 hours of storage.
Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Carly Fiorina said Tuesday that the company is finally where it wants to be in terms of its organizational model.
mithridate writes  quot;Microsoft has posted the Windows 2003 Service Pack 1 Release Candidate. eWeek has a short review of the service pack.
In recent testing by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Alberta teens placed in the top three for their scores in math, reading and science.
Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri railed against referee Anders Frisk after his side went out of the Champions League with a 2-0 defeat by Werder Bremen on Tuesday.
Business software maker Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday promised to do everything it can to keep PeopleSoft Inc.
AP - Karl Malone has ruled out a return to the Los Angeles Lakers because of comments made by Kobe Bryant in a radio interview, Malone's agent said Tuesday.
Credit Suisse yesterday announced a radical shake-up of its businesses including an overhaul of its investment bank and the planned flotation of insurer Winterthur.
Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals declined to offer arbitration to veteran outfielder Juan Gonzalez and three others on Tuesday, effectively cutting them loose.
Israel #39;s chief of staff has called for the army to examine its conduct following allegations that soldiers carried out an execution-style killing of an unarmed Palestinian militant in the West Bank.
AP - A minor league hockey referee wants assault charges dropped against a team owner who he claimed punched him last week, but prosecutors won't drop the case.
The Dollar hit fresh lows against the euro and the pound yesterday after European finance ministers launched a direct challenge to the US to tackle its financial deficits.
Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. and NVIDIA Corporation today announced that the companies have been collaborating to develop the graphics processing unit for the Playstation 3. In the future, the experience 
DEFENDING champions Porto sneaked through to the knockout phase of the Champions League with a dramatic 2-1 victory over Chelsea last night.
The Seattle Mariners signed catcher Dan Wilson to a one-year contract Tuesday, bringing back a fan favorite who represents a link to the team #39;s historic 1995 breakthrough.
Investor's Business Daily - Ever wonder how they squeeze so much electronic wizardry into those tiny cellular flip phones?
AP - Women and girls in war zones suffer rape and violent abuse while offenders escape punishment, Amnesty International said a report released Wednesday.
The official news agency of Egypt says leaders there have reached an understanding with Israel, the Palestinians, the United States and Europe.
During a two-day visit to Damascus by Mahmoud Abbas, head of the Palestine Liberation Organisation and official candidate of the Fatah movement in the elections, the Palestinians 
AP - New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, whose white-collar crime investigations have sent a shudder through Wall Street, announced Tuesday he is running for governor in 2006.
Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit to block California's new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in September.
AP - Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids.
Nvidia Corp. will supply graphics technology for Sony Corp. #39;s next-generation PlayStation video game console, the companies said Tuesday.
The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration or NASA is hoping to develop techniques to allow a crew to repair damages to Space Shuttle in flight.
Space shuttle launches are 100 times more dangerous to people on the ground than any other US missiles or rockets, and NASA fails to meet 
The rapid growth in online game playing will put pressure on broadband networks to evolve, according to research published this week by Sandvine.
The International Olympic Committee joined the investigation yesterday into allegations that Marion Jones, the American gold-medal sprinter, had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs.
The International Olympic Committee joined the investigation into allegations that Marion Jones had used anabolic steroids and other illegal bodybuilding drugs.
Saudi Arabia has begun to reduce oil output ahead of this week #39;s Opec meeting, industry officials said yesterday. The reduction, expected to continue over the coming months 
Following the launch of its Firefox browser, Mozilla delivers an E-mail client. A calendaring application may be next. By John Foley.
Colgate-Palmolive, the toothpaste-to-bleach consumer goods giant, is cutting more than one in 10 of its workforce across the world.
Marion Jones was under growing pressure last night after the International Olympic Committee president Jacques Rogge set up an investigation into allegations she used banned performance-enhancing drugs.
The British and Irish prime ministers are due in Northern Ireland as hopes fade of a deal to restore devolution.
Colgate-Palmolive said that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years.
Road map promises 64-bit capabilities for desktop processors by first half of 2005.
Supreme Court justices on Tuesday uncorked tough questions for states that ban direct shipments of wine. With eager winemakers looking on, the court confronted two competing constitutional mandates.
Los Angeles Clippers forward Elton Brand was suspended one game without pay by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on Tuesday.
Former European Union trade commissioner Pascal Lamy won wide backing from EU governments Tuesday in his bid to become the next head of the World Trade Organization, a spokeswoman said.
December 8, 2004. Vitali Klitschko is recognized by Ring Magazine as the Heavyweight Champion of the World. HBO Sports would also like you to believe it.
Geno Auriemma has coached many great players while turning Connecticut into a five-time national champion. He will coach against one of them for the first time Tuesday night.
AP - Kennedy Winston scored 21 points and Chuck Davis had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 18 Alabama to a 72-54 victory over Alabama State on Tuesday night.
com December 7, 2004, 10:51 AM PT. Microsoft said Tuesday that it has released a near-final test version of updates to its Windows and Windows Server operating systems.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger frankly admitted his goalkeeper, Manuel Almunia is feeling the pressure to perform after a nervous display in the Gunners Champions League win overnight.
BOSTON -- The Red Sox offered arbitration to nine players Tuesday, including three key players who helped the club win its first World Series since 1918.
AP - Kylan Loney had five 3s among her 23 points, and Arizona State used 24 turnovers by 11th-ranked Georgia to win 67-57 Tuesday night.
Regulators are wielding a new weapon against Wall Street firms instead of multimillion-dollar fines: temporarily shutting down certain business lines.
A record number people are working in the global economy but half of them make \$2 a day or less, according to a report published yesterday.
Apple shares rose 4.9 percent on Monday after analysts said they expected the company to introduce a smaller, cheaper iPod in January.
The annual  quot;City Game, quot; matching Pittsburgh against cross-town rival Duquesne, has not been much of a game in recent years with the Panthers dominating 
AP - Mike Wilkinson scored 18 points and No. 24 Wisconsin beat Wisconsin-Green Bay 65-55 on Tuesday night, extending the longest home winning streak in Division I to 32 games.
Providence goaltender David Cacciola expected to face a lot of shots when the Friars visited Boston College on Saturday. But he did not expect about three games' worth.
The Redskins may have a tough time retaining improving linebacker Antonio Pierce when he becomes a free agent after the season.
Other running backs were ranked higher than Julius Jones in last April's draft and the Cowboys took heat for trading down and taking him. Now, minds are changing.
Carl Krauser scores all but two of his 17 points at the free throw line to lead No. 11 Pittsburgh to a 70-51 victory over Memphis.
Public and private comments from Kobe Bryant have ended any possibility that Karl Malone would rejoin the Los Angeles Lakers, according to Malone's agent.
Real Madrid held their final training session in Rome on Tuesday evening ahead of their must-win Champions League match against Roma on Wednesday night.
No. 19 Maryland overcomes poor first-half shooting to earn a 91-42 victory over St. Bonaventure.
AFP - US marines have begun arriving in the Philippines to help the relief effort from storms that have left over 1,500 people dead or missing, a US military spokesman said.
A two-tiered property system favors city dwellers while handicapping the farmers once at the core of Chinese society.
Europe #39;s financial policy makers issued their strongest warnings yet about the dangers of a swooning dollar, and the dollar promptly sank to a new low against the euro.
If the Supreme Court argument Tuesday on interstate wine sales proves to be a reliable roadmap to the eventual decision, consumers who want to order wine directly from 
A bipartisan commission that includes energy industry executives, environmentalists and academics will issue a report today that calls on the nation to adopt mandatory limits 
Police in Holland have arrested a Dutch national suspected of supplying thousands of tonnes of nerve gas to former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein.
Many marketing experts say that Barry Bonds needs to issue an apology, but those closest to Bonds indicate that he will remain the same strong and stoic superstar.
Some massive defensive linemen are the antithesis of the slimmer, more mobile linemen made famous by the Tampa Bay defense and personified by Warren Sapp.
 Maryland has scored at least 72 points in its five wins this season and is 23-6 when scoring at least 70 points under head coach Brenda Frese.
Allan Houston was activated by the New York Knicks in Memphis of Tennessee Tuesday after missing 16 games with a sore left knee and should make his National Basketball Association season debut this week.
THE Federal Government will spend \$591 million on boosting security at Australian missions overseas, providing better protection for staff and visitors.
AFP - Australia will spend 591 million dollars (460 million US) boosting security at its overseas missions in the aftermath of the Jakarta embassy bombing in September, the government said.
Some companies are trying to rework policies in order to rehire retired professionals who want to return to work on a limited basis.
ID Biomedical of Vancouver, Canada #39;s main supplier of flu vaccines, said Tuesday it will not sell 1.2 million doses of flu vaccine to the United States.
Shares in the Australian subsidiary of Metoz, formerly Metro Cash  amp; Carry, yesterday jumped 15 percent as investors anticipated its takeover target, Foodland 
The upstart miner has won a huge round as part of its hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields. It #39;s not money in the bank yet, though.
The longest serving astronaut in history, John W. Young, announced his retirement on Tuesday. Mr. Young, who has spent 42 years at the National Aeronautics and Space 
LONDON (Ticker) - The International Olympic Committee announced Tuesday it has begun its investigation of doping allegations against American gold medal-winning sprinter Marion Jones.
Another page in the saga of American soccer is turned tonight when the US women #39;s team plays Mexico at Home Depot Center (11 pm ET, ESPN Classic) in 
Dirk Nowitzki scored 34 points as the Dallas Mavericks beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 97-87 in National Basketball Association play Tuesday night.
No. 19 Maryland is a potent offensive team this season, one with several players who are capable scoring threats. But occasionally, even the best shooters fail to get their shots to fall.
AP - Brad Buckman scored 18 points and blocked seven shots to lead No. 14 Texas to an 86-57 victory over North Texas on Tuesday night.
UNITED NATIONS The US ambassador to the UN has accused all parties involved in western Sudan #39;s violence of being responsible for a growing humanitarian disaster.
Seiko Epson is developing flexible display technologies that could lead to "e-paper" that can be rolled up and folded as a replacement for paper-based newspapers or magazines.
Ravens defensive back Deion Sanders appears close to returning for Sunday's game against the New York Giants.
A Las Vegas adult entertainment operator sues his local telephone company in federal court for \$30 million, ressurecting charges that phone hackers crippled his business.\
Hewlett-Packard acknowledged that on three occasions it considered breaking up, but each time the board unanimously decided to keep the company together.
Cisco Systems, the maker of Internet networking equipment, said that it was on track to meet Wall Street's estimates for 13 percent growth in revenue for fiscal 2005.
Italia released details of its offer to buy the 44 percent it does not own of its mobile phone unit, Telecom Italia Mobile.
A simulcast music exchange at Carnegie Hall on Saturday showed how technology can transform social studies and musical collaboration.
New York and Connecticut officials say they are investigating whether improper behavior by insurance firms has been a factor in the rapidly rising cost of malpractice insurance for lawyers and doctors.
Major automakers are challenging a state law requiring cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent over the next 12 years, a requirement companies say is prohibitively expensive.
US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had  quot;enthusiastically quot; accepted President George W Bush #39;s suggestion to stay on in the post.
The United Nations is warning of impending chaos in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region, with increasing violence and a breakdown of order.
The US Supreme Court will soon decide whether Michigan wine drinkers should be able to buy a case of California merlot or Virginia chardonnay directly from the vintners.
Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced talks to acquire Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion, according to a New York Times report.
Dell is looking to open its second European production plant, its chairman says, and a source familiar with the plan says the company is considering a location in France.
In Europe, soccer clubs continued their efforts in final group matches to reach the knockout stage of the Champions League tournament.
Seventy-one years after the repeal of Prohibition, the US Supreme Court was told yesterday that the constitutional amendment that ended the  quot;noble 
An aerospace research group says trying to fix the famed space telescope using a robot would cost two (b) billion dollars and take at least five years to get things ready.
The IOC opened an investigation Tuesday into doping allegations against Marion Jones, who eventually could be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 Olympics.
 AT #38;T Government Solutions said yesterday it has won a contract worth as much as \$1 billion to provide a high-speed communications network to the Treasury Department.
 The Government Accountability Office recommended that a federal contract competition that went against Spherix Inc. be reopened because of flaws in the process, Spherix said yesterday.
IBM, the pioneer of the personal computer, is selling its PC hardware business to number one Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
Yahoo has quietly expanded its local business listings and rolled out a service that gives businesses control over their listings in Yahoo Local through a new paid inclusion program.
AP - Kevin Appier agreed to another comeback attempt and settled Tuesday with the Kansas City Royals on a minor league contract.
Pakistan conducted another test of a nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile on Wednesday as part of its efforts to boost defenses, an official statement said.
AP - Ronny Turiaf scored 17 points and Adam Morrison added 12 as No. 25 Gonzaga held off Washington State 54-52 on Tuesday night.
International Business Machines Corp. is selling a majority stake in its pioneering personal computer business to China #39;s biggest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd.
AFP - Prosecutors here are expected to file charges Wednesday against five National Basketball Association players and five spectators who fought in a November 19 brawl, the Detroit Free Press reported.
AP - Michelle Wie will make another appearance on the PGA Tour after accepting a sponsor's exemption Tuesday night to play next month in the Sony Open.
As they continued to beef up their 2005 starting rotation, the Yankees last night made a surprising decision about second base. Two hours before the deadline for teams to offer salary arbitration 
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder stretches his hand to shake hands with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao after a joint press conference in Beijing.
The prospect of Johnson  amp; Johnson acquiring Guidant, a medical device maker that brought cutting-edge technology to cardiovascular medicine, has fueled whispers for years, gaining intensity when 
Singapore police said they have arrested Chen Jiulin, chief executive of embattled China Aviation Oil (CAO) Singapore Corp. Ltd., upon his arrival in Singapore early on Wednesday.
The US Supreme Court heard arguments yesterday involving two cases that could determine whether states can ban interstate, direct-to-consumer shipments of wine.
AP - The Chicago White Sox cut ties with Magglio Ordonez on Tuesday, declining to offer arbitration to their All-Star right fielder.
 PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Major League Baseball  Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a  new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
IBM is selling its PC hardware business to number one Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
Oil prices fell 3.5 to a three-month low yesterday as mild winter weather sapped demand in the US Northeast, the world #39;s largest heating oil market.
Despite a published report to the contrary, the Yankees have not come to terms with Jaret Wright as of Tuesday night, but the Bronx Bombers did move quickly to replace 
State laws barring people from buying wine directly from out-of-state suppliers should be struck down as unconstitutional, the Supreme Court was told Tuesday as it 
Chelsea skipper John Terry has warned Arsenal to prepare themselves for a revitalised Blues outfit in Sunday #39;s crucial Barclays Premiership showdown at Highbury.
John Danforth, US Ambassador to the United Nations, said that the United States is playing a leading role in helping bring peace to Sudan in Gaston Hall Monday.
Test results released in Washington Monday indicate US 15-year-olds are performing below the international average in math and problem solving.
Many of the state's largest employers are dropping health benefits for unmarried gay couples, seven months after Massachusetts became the only state to legalize same-sex marriage.
Boston Scientific Corp. could face tougher competition in markets for cardiac products if talks between two of its largest competitors lead to a merger, analysts and investors said.
Dell Inc. has cut prices as much as 22 percent on selected computer equipment for US corporate and institutional customers, saying it was passing along savings from lower component prices.
The US dollar sank to an all-time low against the euro yesterday amid concerns over the US trade and budget deficits and worse-than-expected US employment data.
Actor Sidney Poitier, a former Walt Disney Co. director, said he supported firing ex-company president Michael Ovitz because he was mismatched with other executives.
Despite losing a lawsuit related to the World Trade Center collapse, officials at property/casualty companies say that other corporate customers will not be affected by their financial loss.
The actor Sidney Poitier became a witness in the trial of a suit against Walt Disney directors on Tuesday, and in so doing, he transformed a Delaware courtroom 
Hewlett-Packard Co. #39;s board considered on three occasions whether to break up the company, but each time directors unanimously concluded it would 
Prosecutors said Tuesday that they would charge a Dutch chemicals dealer as an accomplice to genocide for supplying Saddam Hussein with lethal chemicals used in 
Former Celtics player Chris Herren was arrested Friday on drug charges after passing out in his car and hitting a doughnut shop in Portsmouth, R.I., police said.
AP - Gunmen attacked the police headquarters in Samarra on Wednesday, killing an Iraqi policemen and a child who was caught in the cross fire, a police official said.
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania - The Pennsylvania attorney-general #39;s office has sued an online university for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an MBA awarded to a cat.
Pakistan test-fired on Wednesday a nuclear-capable, surface-to-surface ballistic missile, capable of hitting targets deep inside arch-rival India.
The Mozilla Foundation announced the release version of its new email client, Thunderbird today. Roughly a month after the Mozilla Foundation made history by launching the first mass market open source browser 
IBM said late Tuesday that it will sell its personal computer division, transferring an iconic brand to a Chinese rival that also will absorb about 2,000 local workers.
CHICAGO -- Brett Favre worked up a sweat, threw two touchdowns passes in a short workday, and got the Green Bay Packers tuned up for the playoffs.
As the Firefox browser prepares to pass its 10 million download mark, the New York Times ad that was supposed to follow its launch has yet to be seen.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Willie Parker, Brian St. Pierre, and James Harrison -- who are these guys, you might ask?
ST. LOUIS -- St. Louis Rams coach Mike Martz couldn't care less that his team finished .500. Somehow, it is in the playoffs.
AP - Carlos Delgado was not offered salary arbitration by the Toronto Blue Jays before Tuesday's midnight deadline, leaving one of the biggest stars in franchise history to look for a new team.
Russian President Vladimir Putin cast doubt on Tuesday over the viability of holding elections as planned next month in an Iraq under  quot;total occupation quot;.
Singapore police arrest the chief executive of China Aviation Oil, the firm embroiled in a \$550m  trading scandal.
As little girls, Yueqi  quot;Lucie quot; Guo and Xianlin Li dreamed of ending hunger, finding world peace and discovering a cure for cancer.
ARSENE WENGER last night breathed a huge sigh of relief as Arsenal blitzed Rosenborg to storm into the Champions League #39;s second phase.
He #39;s no longer reigning PGA Player of the Year or the No. 1 golfer in the world, having yielded both titles this year to Vijay Singh.
Ron Zook was asked Tuesday how soon he planned to get the recruiting process underway in his new job as University of Illinois football coach.
The first test between India and Bangladesh has been postponed by a day to Friday after the Indian team #39;s arrival was delayed because of a threat by an Islamic militant group.
AP - Beer giant Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc. continues to grow its international business, reaching a cooperation agreement with the largest brewer in Vietnam.
The United States and Russia clashed yesterday at a European security forum over the crisis of Ukraine #39;s disputed election, elevating 
Survivors of the armed assault on the U.S. Consulate in Saudi Arabia said that eight men were used as human shields.
Consumers are much more interested in what their phone does for them than bits and bytes, research suggests.
AFP - Muslim rebels in Indian Kashmir injured 30 people when they hurled a grenade in a busy marketplace as President Abdul Kalam visited the region to address frontline troops.
The deal makes the Chinese company the world #39;s third biggest PC maker and pushes IBM to the sidelines of a field it once ruled.
Singapore Police have arrested the chief of China Aviation Oil, the jet fuel supplier embroiled in a \$500m (284m) trading scandal.
Senior Hindu cleric Jayendra Saraswathi, facing charges of  murdering a temple worker, is denied bail.
IBM is celebrating a seven-year contract to provide voice and data solutions to Lloyds TSB, as part of the largest European IT deal of its kind, worth an estimated 500m.
Steven Gerrard has called on the Anfield faithful to get behind the team, but also to be patient in the critical clash with Olympiacos at Anfield tonight.
LANDOVER, Md. -- Once again, the Minnesota Vikings collapsed under the weight of late-season pressure.
Superhero movie The Incredibles tops the shortlist for the Annie Awards, celebrating animated films.
The Indian tour of Bangladesh will go ahead after the national foreign ministry gave their stamp of approval after a thorough security assessment.
PHOENIX - Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids.
An advance team of 40 US Marines joined relief efforts in the Philippines on Wednesday after four deadly storms, as officials said funds were running short to help 650,000 survivors.
With crude oil prices drifting down to as low as \$ 41 per barrel, OPEC is expected by many observers to slash production, when it meets on Friday.
May result in unexpected behavior
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; The Palmisano email to the troops in full
The longest serving astronaut in history, John W. Young, announced his retirement on Tuesday.
Two drugs approved for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome may or may not work for the 45 million Americans who suffer from the disorder.
European Central Bank chief economist Otmar Issing has said the slowing of euro zone economic growth in the third quarter was temporary and he expects growth rates to pick up again.
Reuters - Three Iraqis were killed on\Wednesday when a suicide car bomber attacked a U.S. convoy in\the northern city of Samarra, a local police official said.
AOL has unveiled a prototype of its revived Netscape browser without half the hype that Mozilla programs like Firefox and Thunderbird have been fetching.
Memory-Tech and Toshiba today announced that they have jointly developed a dual-layer ROM (read-only) disc that can store content in both the HD DVD and DVD formats.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says he has no plans to resign, and will concentrate on reforming the international body in the last two years of his term.
RAWALPINDI: Pakistan Wednesday carried out a successful test fire of its endogenously developed medium range surface to surface ballistic missile Hatf-IV/Shaheen-I.
Russia #39;s upper house of parliament on Wednesday passed a tougher version of a bill controlling public beer sales and consumption after rejecting the original last month.
The first results are declared in Ghana's general elections, with the two major parties ahead in their strongholds.
The US defends its decision not to sign up to the Kyoto climate change treaty with an attack on Europe's record.
Microsoft has strolled a little closer to delivering an update for Windows Server 2003 by showing a release candidate service pack for the OS.
Despite a huge run-up in oil prices this year, the resilient American economy has continued to grow at brisk pace, defying predictions of an oil-related slowdown.
Just five months after ground was broken on the Trilogy luxury apartments in the Fenway, the \$130 million construction price tag has jumped to \$138 million.
AFP - Ukraine's parliament overwhelmingly passed a bill to weaken presidential powers and change electoral law, breaking an impasse between outgoing President Leonid Kuchma and the opposition.
A group representing technology industry executives yesterday called on the Bush administration to step up efforts to protect the nation #39;s computer and Internet infrastructure, and it proposed 
Oracle yesterday announced the result of a joint venture with strategic partners to validate and extend its to grid computing vision with best-practice standards.
The IOC opened an investigation yesterday into doping allegations against Marion Jones, who could eventually be stripped of her five medals from the 2000 Olympics.
Having denied rumours for the past week that the Scot would run for them, Red Bull finally came clean first thing on Wednesday morning.
TheDeal.com - The company plans to spend  #36;27 billion to buy the 44 of Telecom Italia Mobile it does not already own.
Israel and Palestine have reached an agreement  #39;in principle #39; over a set of proposals to guide a comprehensive peace settlement between them, under Egyptian mediation.
The first results are being declared in Ghana #39;s presidential and parliamentary elections, which were generally calm and orderly.
Reuters - Britain is in danger of missing its\target of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by 20 percent by the\end of the decade, Environment Secretary Margaret Beckett said\Wednesday.
AP - The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.
Visitors to Tibet can see clearly that commercialism has invaded this ancient land.
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Canadian mountie, Olympics organiser and now ICANN Ombudsman
Oil prices hit a new three-month low on Wednesday as mild winter weather in the United States and expectations of a rise in heating fuel stocks kept downward pressure on the market.
Sightseers in major cities no longer need a tour guide or travel book to point out local landmarks. Several startup companies now offer tours delivered by cell phones. By Rachel Metz.
Forget GDP. A better metric for prosperity is Gross National Happiness. By Daniel H. Pink from Wired magazine.
Cisco Systems aimed straight for datacentres yesterday at its annual worldwide analyst conference, with company executives claiming many communications functions in servers would be better moved into the network.
Redknapp has been linked with a move to replace caretaker manager Steve Wigley two weeks after leaving Southampton #39;s south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
A Pentagon report on claims of sexual assault says US air force commanders failed to recognise the problem.
Lucent, Motorola and Nortel won about \$3 billion in contracts to help Sprint upgrade its wireless network to handle high-speed Internet traffic over mobile phones and computers.
The European Commission proposes closure of dangerously depleted cod grounds in the North Sea, Irish Sea and off the west of Scotland.
IT industry heavyweights Dell, EMC, Intel and Oracle today sealed an alliance to develop grid computing technology and establish best practice.
The ongoing civil trial involving P2P file sharing network Kazaa highlights the risks corporates face by not locking down employees #39; desktop applications, say security experts.
Celtic may be out of Europe before Christmas for the first time in four years but their exit after the brave 0-0 draw with AC Milan had a familiar ring to it.
Olympiakos boss Dusan Bajevic has identified Liverpool captain, Steven Gerrard, as likely to be the most influential player for the Reds tonight.
Bayer Leverkusen surprised everyone by qualifying for the Champions League last season and they now have the chance to reach the knockout phase of the competition with Dynamo Kiev their final obstacle.
Once it became clear some months ago that Saddam Hussein had been telling the truth about not having weapons of mass destruction or connections to al-Qaida, it should have been an embarrassment 
General Motors , which has experienced two months of disappointing sales, reveals a new winter sales programme in the US.
A longtime Delta Air Lines employee was killed at Logan Airport yesterday morning when he was struck by a de-icing truck driven by a good friend, officials said.
The United States must diversify its global oil supplies, expand a world network of strategic petroleum reserves and raise fuel efficiency standards to ensure its energy security, a panel of experts will recommend Wednesday.
Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\rose last week, as mortgage rates fell, an industry group said\on Wednesday.
Two years ago, I got an inside look at operations at Lenovo Group, the Chinese computing giant that is expected to form a joint venture with IBM to sell PCs worldwide.
The US-based oral care and personal products company Colgate-Palmolive Company is drawing a blueprint to restructure its operations.
If one of your New Year's resolutions is to finally learn how to play an instrument, technology increasingly can help you get started.
Three Iraqis have been killed in clashes in Ramadi while six Iraqi civilians and two US soldiers were wounded after a bomb targeting a US convoy exploded in southern Baghdad.
Pope John Paul II today said he was praying for the Iraqi people after militants bombed two churches in Mosul, the latest anti-Christian violence in the country.
 The hard drive maker on Tuesday raised its quarterly  revenue and profit forecasts for the December quarter on strong  seasonal demand for newer products, surpassing analysts'  forecasts.  
The World Bank approves \$200m for infrastructure projects in Argentina, but  demands that the country complete restructuring its defaulted debt.
In 2002, China Aviation Oil (Singapore) was named Singapore #39;s most transparent company by the island #39;s Securities Investors Association.
Hoping to emulate the success of the open source browser Firefox, the Mozilla group has now released version 1.0 of its Thunderbird email client.
Researchers at Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc. hope to produce better drugs with medical-imaging equipment usually used to examine patients.
IBM has announced virtual resources to help its business partners accelerate the building and deployment of on-demand business applications tailored to customer requirements across all vertical industries.
The menu at Flash's, a saloon on Boston's Stuart Street, offers many choices. The jukebox offers even more.
Baseball players gave their lawyers the go-ahead Tuesday to reach an agreement with owners on tougher testing for steroids. After negotiations with management were outlined to the executive board of the players 
The chairman of Portsmouth #39;s supporters club believes many fans will turn on former boss Harry Redknapp after his impending move to rivals Southampton.
David Coulthard moved a significant step closer to staying in Formula One when he started a three-day test with the Red Bull Racing team in southern Spain on Wednesday.
AFGHANISTAN #39;S first democratically elected president was sworn in yesterday - vowing to crack down on drug traffickers and the last of the Taliban.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun pays a surprise visit to troops in Iraq, after his government decided to extend their mandate.
The Indian squad arrives in Bangladesh despite threats allegedly sent by Islamic militants.
Anil Ambani resigns from the petrochemical unit of Indian giant Reliance, renewing rumours of a management feud with elder brother Mukesh.
A cybersecurity group yesterday called on US President George Bush to invest more in IT issues and to make the top IT security job a bigger posting.
Australia defied a late rally by New Zealand to win the second of three one-day cricket internationals in Sydney by 17 runs and set up a deciding match at Brisbane on Friday.
Real Madrid defender Roberto Carlos called Wednesday #39;s do-or-die Champions League match against AS Roma  quot;the most important game of the season.
Vote counting has begun in Tuesday #39;s general election in Ghana, where President John Kufuor is widely expected to win re-election.
Celtic boss Martin O #39;Neill admits the club needs to hold an internal investigation into where its future lies after being dumped out of Europe least night.
You could tell why University of President Bernie Machen and athletic director Jeremy Foley wanted Urban Meyer almost immediately after the coach started talking.
India #39;s national cricket team arrived in Dhaka Wednesday for a Bangladesh tour approved despite an Islamic group #39;s threat to kill the Indian players.
The Islamic resistance movement Hamas on Wednesday refused to halt attacks against the Jewish settlements during the period of preparations for the Jan. 9 elections.
Valencia coach Claudio Ranieri was unable to hide his frustration at referee Anders Frisk after his side crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday.
Australia has forced the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series into a decider, but only after surviving a stunning fightback by New Zealand in match two at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
AP - Afghan President Hamid Karzai plans to address tribal leaders Thursday on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country's booming drug trade, an aide said.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai plans to address tribal leaders Thursday on the need to eliminate this war-ravaged country #39;s booming drug trade, an aide said.
December 09, 2004  A senior US official came to Seoul yesterday to create momentum for talks aimed at halting North Korea #39;s nuclear weapons program.
A deal to restore devolution in Northern Ireland will not be signed, DUP leader Ian Paisley confirms.
THE longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at Nasa.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle will finally be allowed to return to their own ground after half a season #39;s wanderings following a change of heart by the Scottish Premier League.
Lenovo Group, China #39;s personal computer giant, Wednesday signed a definitive agreement with IBM to acquire Big Blue #39;s personal computer 
The BBC's Rachel Harvey meets a fisherman in the Indonesian city of Banda Aceh who survived the tsunami.
AP - People play games, go shopping and meet dates on the Internet. So why not use the Web to download the perfect mood-enhancing fragrance?
Beleaguered parents hunting down a must-have games console for this Christmas are being told to keep on hassling their local games retailer - and keep their fingers crossed.
Utrecht #39;s Michael Mols is to start a five-match ban for knocking out a Graafschap Doetinchem defender in a game on November 28.
Intel Corp. chief executive Craig Barrett said Tuesday the company has "recovered" from product missteps that plagued the chip maker during the first half of the year.
General Motors Corp. has pledged to avoid plant closures and layoffs in Europe as it seeks to return its money-losing European operations to profitability, worker representatives said Wednesday.
People in ancient China may have been enjoying the delights of wine as long as 9,000 years ago, making them the first in the world to enjoy a tipple.
Steven Gerrard has called on Liverpool #39;s supporters to play their part in inspiring the Reds to victory against Olympiakos tonight.
Sports India, Cricket: Dhaka, Dec 8 : A 15-member Indian cricket squad Wednesday arrived here amidst tight security to play two Tests and three one-day internationals against Bangladesh.
AP - Their discoveries may be hard for many to comprehend, but this year's Nobel Prize winners still have to explain what they did and how they did it.
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to sell its personal computing business to China #39;s largest computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd.
General Motors aims to restructure its loss-making European operations without resorting to involuntary redundancies or shuttering any 
Trinity Southern University, an online school based in Texas, has been sued by the state of Pennsylvania for allegedly using state and private Internet addresses to hawk fake graduate degrees and prescription drugs.
Congress is close to approving a broad intelligence overhaul, but the changes that will matter most still lie ahead.
Nortel Networks Corp. said Wednesday it intends to file its long-delayed financial statements for the first two quarters of 2004 on Jan. 10 of next year.
A genetic study of the tiger family reveals a previously unknown sub-species of the big cats.
A group of internet security and instant messaging (IM) providers have teamed up to detect and thwart the growing threat of IM and P2P viruses and worms.
Dellis considering opening a second European production plant to support its steady growth on the continent.
Companies say customers will see no change in product availability or support.
New disc could ease the transition to the next-gen DVD standard, company says.
The wait for Virgin Atlantics daily service from Sydney to Hong Kong and London is finally over, with Virgin Atlantics inaugural flight touching down at Sydney Airport.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 106 points to 10,440. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a three-to-one margin.
A decline in oil prices is giving some stocks a modest boost. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 9 points in today #39;s early going.
A lower-order fightback was not enough to save New Zealand as Australia levelled the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy series after a thrilling 17-run win in Sydney.
Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has played down suggestions that there could be further UK troop re-deployments in support of US operations in Iraq.
The British and Irish prime ministers are publishing their proposals to restore devolution in NI.
Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has played down the prospect of fresh deployments of British troops into the American-controlled sector of Iraq.
Mobile operator Vimpelcom is the latest Russian firm to be hit with a heavy bill for back taxes
German carmaker Porsche expects its streak of strong earnings to continue in the current fiscal year that ends in July, the company said on Wednesday.
Sony was forced to admit today that availability of its PlayStation 2 (PS2) games console in UK shops would be tight before Christmas.
Celtic midfielder Alan Thompson insists fears Martin ONeill might have managed Celtic in Europe for the final time will prove unfounded.
The High Court ruled on 6 December in favour of the three banks which own 75 per cent of F1 #39;s commercial rights being permitted to appoint directors to Formula One Holdings.
AFP - Harry Redknapp was appointed manager of Premiership strugglers Southampton just two weeks after quitting their arch south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
Reuters - They share the same language,\religion and culture but the dramatically different political\histories of Algeria and Morocco have bred mistrust and enmity.
In the biggest shift, legislators gave themselves the power to elect the premier, removing that choice from the president.
When the renowned cookbook author Marcella Hazan comes to New York, Italian food is not uppermost on her mind  she eats Chinese.
Rogue Valley wine shippers hope the US Supreme Court agrees with arguments presented Tuesday on behalf of small wineries. The high court was told state laws barring people from buying wine directly from out 
The growing popularity of online gaming could spell problems for net service firms, warns network monitoring company Sandvine. It issued the warning following analysis which shows that Traffic on the Xbox 
South African international Benni McCarthy has criticised Porto fans who taunted two Chelsea players with racist chants during their Champions League clash.
So the slot machine stopped and flashed three cardinals. The University of Louisville is a winner. It gets to keep what it already possesses: football coach Bobby Petrino.
The Whitehouse Station, NJ-based drug giant held its traditional yearly conference call announcing earnings guidance for next year.
The nation #39;s largest public pension fund has agreed to disclose more than \$200 million in annual money management fees to settle a lawsuit by a media coalition.
Steven Gerrard insists he #39;ll not accept  quot;second best quot; by crashing out of the Champions League and into the Uefa Cup.
Russian gas monopoly Gazprom gets government approval to make a bid for Yugansk, the main production arm of stricken oil firm Yukos.
Dell Inc. chairman Michael Dell announced a long-term partnership between his company and other hardware and software vendors to develop best practices in deploying a grid computing infrastructure.
Reuters - The Major League Baseball\Players Association announced Tuesday it would work toward a\new agreement with owners for tougher steroid testing.
Insurgents launched a string of assaults around the city of Samarra on Wednesday, trading gunfire with US forces, attacking a US convoy 
Crude oil prices rose Wednesday ahead of US petroleum inventory data and an OPEC meeting this week at which the group could decide on a production cut.
The Yankees have found a new leadoff man, signing free-agent second baseman Tony Womack to a two-year contract, Sporting News has learned.
Tony Blair has rejected a call for an independent inquiry into the civilian death toll in the US-led war in Iraq. The call came on Wednesday in an open letter to the 
The St. Louis Cardinals and pitcher Matt Morris agree to a one-year, \$2.5 contract.
Experts expect the Bank of England to leave interest rates on hold at 4.75 on Thursday.
Oil prices jumped from a four-month low on Wednesday as slow growth in US heating fuel inventories heightened fears for tight winter supplies.
Virgin will use Airbus A340-600 aircraft on the London-Sydney route, but plans to increase capacity by using Boeing 747s or adding a second daily service.
Lawnmower manufacturer Toro Co. on Wednesday said its profit grew 23 percent in the fourth quarter, helped by higher sales across all of its product segments and a surge in overseas demand.
Dell will provide an enterprise networked server infrastructure consisting of dual Intel Xeon and four-way Intel Itanium processor-based PowerEdge servers.
The software was originally scheduled to ship by the end of the year, but in October Microsoft pushed the release date into the first half of 2005.
Marcus Trescothick and Robert Key led England to a convincing eight-wicket victory in their first match of the South African tour.
The Israeli army said on Wednesday that a total of 148 unarmed Palestinians have been killed in the West Bank this year. A senior Israel Defense Forces (IDF) officer released 
Pope John Paul II has spoken out against attacks on Iraq #39;s Christian community after the bombing of two churches in the northern city of Mosul.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home  mortgages rose last week as lower interest rates spurred  purchases, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham replaces Urban Meyer as the new head coach at Utah on Wednesday.
A Scandinavian and a Dutch dairy announce plans to merge and create a co-operative of 21,000 farmers.
Cost overruns won't endanger Northrop Grumman's latest surveillance aircraft program, but federal budget cuts will likely hamper future defense contracts.
Nomar Garciaparra stayed with the Chicago Cubs, Brad Radke remained with Minnesota and the New York Yankees looked ahead to deals with pitcher Jaret Wright and second baseman Tony 
India and Pakistan were unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which ended in New Delhi on Wednesday and said they would need more discussions.
Reuters - Too many house-rich Americans are\borrowing money against their homes to play the stock market,\brokerages regulator NASD warned on Wednesday.
The competition between the country #39;s two satellite radio companies began as a race to the stars, with each fighting to be the first to launch satellites into space.
Drug maker Eli Lilly and Co. reported Wednesday that it launched its clinical trial database Web site after announcing its intention to create the site in August.
AP - An Indian cellular phone company plans to air a new Bollywood movie on mobile handsets for free and in full Thursday in a bid to promote its video-streaming service.
AP - Bills tight end Mark Campbell will miss the rest of the season because of an injured right knee.
Toshiba has announced a dual layered disc that will playback both HD-DVD and DVD formats strengthing its offering in the battle of the next generation DVD formats.
So it is with Nomar Garciaparra, who, less than a year ago, was regarded as one of the top dozen or so players in the major leagues.
AFP - The European Union called on China at a summit to rein in its textile exports after international quotas are scrapped next year.
PC World - Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
AP - Most Florida voters had no problem casting a ballot on Election Day and many say they are confident their vote was counted correctly, a poll shows.
AP - If not for a technicality, Oklahoma linebacker Lance Mitchell might've been lining up against the Sooners in the Orange Bowl instead of for them.
The US pledges \$20m to help Palestinians out of a financial crisis - a rare direct payment from Washington.
Mia Hamm, who will retire on Wednesday, influenced millions of people and represented the possibilities available to women after the passage of Title IX.
Iraq's Independent Electoral Commission said on Wednesday it may consider holding next month's elections over an extended period, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had suggested.
Debt recovery software outfit pays out 39,500
Gets content from last-two-to-licence 'big four' recording firms
&lt;strong&gt;Update&lt;/strong&gt; Buys Chinese phone software firm to speed release
Winemakers worried by a slump in sales stage street protests calling on the French government for help.
The Mozilla Foundation released the final version of Thunderbird 1.0, the standalone open source e-mail client application, which is available for public download.
Spanish champions Valencia became the big casualties of Group G, as they crashed out of this year #39;s Champions League following their 2-0 defeat to Werder Bremen.
Notre Dame president Rev. Edward Malloy said on Wednesday that he was upset about how his university fired Irish football coach Tyrone Willingham last week.
A security researcher has uncovered yet another set of security flaws in an image component, which could put Linux users at risk of system compromise if they view a maliciously crafted image.
Costs have increased steadily in recent years, causing some to wonder about quality.
IBM's deal with Lenovo may signal a round of industry consolidation, analysts say.
The pricing pressure from ETFs is good news for index investors. But don't forget the brokerage fees.
AP - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged Wednesday for fighting with fans in the stands and on the court at the end of a game against the Detroit Pistons last month.
US Sen. Jim Bunning said Tuesday night that he expects Congress to have to get involved to resolve Major League Baseball #39;s steroid crisis.
A car bomb exploded at a US convoy in the northern Iraqi city of Samarra, killing at least four Iraqis and wounding many others, police said on Wednesday.
Crude oil futures prices rose Wednesday because of lingering concerns about heating oil supplies and fears that OPEC could rein in output when it meets later this week.
China Aviation Oil chief executive, Chen Jiu-lin, has been arrested in Singapore in connection with an alleged 550-million-US-dollar trading scandal, involving his company.
Mobile device OS maker PalmSource sets out to acquire software house China MobileSoft, hinting of a Linux-based version of Palm OS being in the works.
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. #39;s announcement that its new PowerNow technology will be available on its Opteron line of processors could mean a lot to some enterprise customers.
Harry Redknapp maintained his conscience was clear today following his decision to join Southampton just two weeks after leaving south-coast rivals Portsmouth.
The UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo is investigating reports that Rwandan soldiers were responsible for violations of human rights in the east of the country last month.
People in Ghana are closely following the vote counting after Tuesday #39;s election, with final results expected late Wednesday. After waiting patiently in line Tuesday to cast votes in their fourth consecutive 
AP - Cavaliers forward Robert Traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie against the New Jersey Nets.
Cisco's employees apparently can't sell their stock options fast enough. Suits the company just fine.
The company reports a decline in same-store sales for the third quarter.
In the spirit of full disclosure, the Big Pharma company publishes clinical trial results online.
Presidents and officials of 12 South American countries are meeting in Peru to create an economic and political community.
Kidde PLC, a British fire and safety equipment maker, agreed Wednesday to open its books to United Technologies Corp. after receiving a new takeover offer from the US engineering giant.
It has been quiet sometime since we heard news related to domain name issues. Microsoft recently had some with a kid named Mike Rowe who opened up a site MikeRoweSoft.
AFP - Add Karl Malone to the list of talent leaving the Los Angeles Lakers because of Kobe Bryant.
Reuters - Could people and vehicles that have\mysteriously vanished in the desert have been swallowed up by\shifting sands?
Specialist retailer Jessops says the popularity of digital cameras has helped to boost its profits.
Rap star Jay-Z, who has little corporate experience, will become the chief executive for one of Universal's biggest divisions.
Indian officials today disclosed details on revenues from IT outsourcing for the last year.\
An internet entrepreneur today claimed he was fighting a David versus Goliath battle with computer giant Apple over the ownership of a website address.
The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.
Reuters - Lawn-care equipment maker Toro Co. on\Wednesday reported stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings\and doubled its dividend, citing increased sales and cost\controls.
A dry day in Jerez saw team drivers Giancarlo Fisichella and Franck Montagny conducting tyre development for Michelin.
The New York Liberty bring former interim coach Pat Coyle on as their head coach on Wednesday.
German airline Lufthansa reaches a deal with unions on pay and working hours for its ground staff.
Dealers describe General Motors #39; new incentive program which puts no-haggle prices on special tags. DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp.
Alliance Laundry Holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, said its controlling shareholder Bain Capital agreed to sell the company to Teachers #39; Private Capital for about \$450 million.
Scientists say there is no doubt that abundant water once soaked Mars. Now the big question is whether the red planet ever supported life. Some experts say the early signs are promising.
A spokesperson for Mozilla said that Thunderbird is another milestone in cooperation between hundreds of open-source community volunteers.
NASA managers said on Monday that neither money or time would ease the requirements to repair the space shuttle on-orbit for the first launch since the Columbia tragedy.
Scientists say they have developed a non-invasive, brain-computer interface that enables a person to move a cursor across a computer screen just by thinking about it.
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers activated forward/center Scott Williams from the injured list on Wednesday.
Chicago Cubs general manager Jim Hendry got most of his holiday shopping done before the Winter Meetings this weekend in Anaheim. The Cubs signed Nomar Garciaparra and 
Most health experts agree that Asian bird flu poses a grave danger and will likely spread unless urgent steps are taken. But some virologists caution that alarmist warnings could harm preparedness plans.
British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon visited his country #39;s troops in Iraq today and said he saw no reason to delay next month #39;s elections as preparations are on track.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and India on Wednesday reiterated their commitment towards an early establishment of the proposed Kashmir bus service, a joint statement said.
May the Force be with Mike Degirolamo when he goes up against the city council of Gloucester Township, N.J. Missing Links
Two major state-run Chinese banks on Wednesday announced plans to roll out American credit cards, including the country's first dual-currency American Express Card.
Rap star Jay-Z, who has little corporate experience, will become the chief executive for one of Universal's biggest divisions.
IBM is exiting the PC business, but it -- along with some PC competitors -- should benefit.
PalmSource entered in an agreement with a major Chinese mobile phone software company China MobileSoft Limited (CMS) to acquire its operations.
Dean McCarron of Mercury Research said console designers are focusing on multicore, multi-threading technology that can allow multiple programs to run efficiently at the same time.
The Cyber Security Alliance has outlined a 12-point plan for the US government to take a more proactive role in ensuring cyber security.
The former Portsmouth boss has been signed up to the Saints for 18 months, replacing Steve Wigley, who has decided to leave the club.
Pedro de la Rosa may have destroyed the competition on the second day of testing at Jerez, but it was David Coulthard who captured the headlines making his Red Bull Racing debut.
Gramatica replaces Jason Baker, whose locker was empty Wednesday. The Colts have not yet officially announced how they made room on the roster for Gramatica.
British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon, who visited troops in Iraq today, said he saw no reason to delay next month #39;s election as preparations are on track.
The UN mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo is investigating reports that Rwandan soldiers were responsible for violations of human rights in the east of the country last month.
Indonesia is likely to ask the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) during its scheduled meeting later this week to revise upward its crude oil price band so 
Six-time All-Star catcher Sandy Alomar Jr. signed a \$550,000 contract Wednesday with the Texas Rangers to be a part-time player next season.
President Bush asked Treasury Secretary John Snow on Wednesday to stay in his administration, and Snow agreed, keeping a key member of Bush's economic team in place.
The retailer posts a flat first quarter, claiming high gas prices affect consumers' car budgets.
UK-based Internet entrepreneur Benjamin Cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing Apple Computer Inc.
AP - Dan Marino misses being part of the Miami Dolphins, yet does not see a scenario where he'd soon consider returning to the team's front office.
AFP - Prosecutors issued assault and battery charges against five National Basketball Association players and five spectators who fought in a November 19 brawl.
AFP - Romanian Foreign Minister Mircea Geoana said his country had completed its negotiations to join the European Union in 2007.
Reuters - A lone whale, with a voice unlike any\other, has been wandering the Pacific for the past 12 years,\American marine biologists said Wednesday.
SPACE.com - A large planet-like object out in the realm of Pluto shows signs of either a relatively recent collision or perhaps volcanic activity, astronomers said today.
Six-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong will decide in May whether he will return to defend his title in 2005.
As debate in the G.O.P.-controlled Senate opened, the chamber's leaders predicted the bill would easily pass.
Traders expect the dollar's rebound to be short-lived because of persistent concerns about the United States' huge trade and budget deficits.
The telecommunications equipment maker, mired in accounting irregularities, has missed three self-imposed deadlines for correcting its financial reporting.
Reuters - President Bush on Wednesday asked\Treasury Secretary John Snow to stay in his job and Snow agreed\to do so, the White House said, ending weeks of speculation.
A Hollywood-backed technology group is suing a high-end home theater system company, contending that its home DVD jukebox technology is illegal.
CHICAGO The Chicago White Sox have worked out a two-year, five and a-half (m) million-dollar contract with pitcher Dustin Hermanson.
The Philadelphia Phillies made a move to bolster their starting rotation by signing free agent righthander Jon Lieber to a three-year, \$21 million contract on Wednesday.
US energy policy over the long term will require new nuclear power plants, cleaner coal and cars that get more miles per gallon, experts said Wednesday.
Alliance Laundry Holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, on Wednesday said its private equity owners agreed to sell the company to Teachers #39; Private Capital for about \$450 million.
The DVD Copy Control Association, the group that owns the copy-protection technology contained on DVDs, said a company called Kaleidescape is offering products that illegally make copies of DVDs.
Ten people, five Pacers and five Pistons fans, have been charged with misdemeanor assault in the one of the worst brawls in US sports history.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - There could be more curling medals handed out at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, if a World Curling Federation proposal is accepted.
AP - President Vladimir Putin's plan to end the election of governors by popular vote passed its final hurdle Wednesday, when the Russian parliament's upper chamber approved the bill.
UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan received an unusual standing ovation in the 191-nation General Assembly on Wednesday following calls for his resignation from conservative US lawmakers.
 CHICAGO (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox have come  to terms on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract with pitcher  Dustin Hermanson.
Staples Center is a multi-purpose venue. It not only houses the Lakers and Clippers, but other events as well, including the circus.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak engaged Persian Gulf leaders Wednesday in an effort to build momentum toward peace in the Middle East, calling for support of the new Palestinian 
The Bush administration and Congress should accept a mandatory programme of tradeable permits to limit greenhouse emissions and tighten fuel efficiency standards for vehicles 
Sophos, a world leader in protecting businesses against viruses and spam, has released a report revealing the hardest hitting viruses of 2004.
Montreal could be forced to pull out of hosting next year #39;s world championships if help with funding is not forthcoming, according to the chief executive of the organizing committee.
The British and Irish prime ministers unveiled a sweeping new Northern Ireland peace plan Wednesday that offered solutions to issues -articularly Irish 
NEW DELHI, DECEMBER 8: The first technical discussions on the proposed Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service concluded today without much progress.
Holidaymakers descending on Australia could see fares fall by as much as 30, as Virgin Atlantic and British Airways (BA) prepare for a discordant battle regarding routes to Australia.
PHOENIX - Donors will be able to use credit and debit cards to donate to Salvation Army bell ringers for the first time on Wednesday.
Nyon, Switzerland (Sports Network) - UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Valencia and Werder Bremen after a heated Champions League match Tuesday night between the two clubs.
The European Unions head office today proposed unprecedented bans on fishing in popular northern waters to safeguard threatened species such as the common cod, a traditional dinner favourite from Sweden to Portugal.
A 22 year-old from London, England has made life a little difficult for computer company Apple. In an effort to secure the rights to the .
Computer security experts have urged the White House to address threats to US IT systems. The group made 12 recommendations, including creating a backup communications network in case of a major Internet outage 
com. Apple Computer Inc. has still not properly fixed the HFS filesystem named fork vulnerability discovered last week, according to the company that first noticed it, NetSec Inc.
Jailed US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart signs a deal to present a new show for NBC from late next year.
The dollar recovers from record lows against the euro, but analysts say underlying greenback weaknesses remain.
US Treasury Secretary John Snow agrees to stay in his job for George W Bush's second presidential term.
Plus, IBM's win-win, Eli Lilly bares all, and a ticking retirement time bomb.
Russia is trying to collect back taxes from wireless telecommunications company Vimpel.
SINGAPORE - Singapore authorities on Wednesday arrested the chief of beleaguered China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp following his return from China, a police spokesman said.
PalmSource Inc., which has seen its share of the handheld computer market plummet, said on Wednesday that it has agreed to acquire China MobileSoft Ltd.
Pitcher Dustin Hermanson and the Chicago White Sox agreed Wednesday on a two-year, \$5.5 million contract that contains a club option for 2007.
Saudi Arabia Oil Minister Ali Naimi said today he #39;s not concerned about a sharp further fall in the price of oil, saying prices remain relatively high.
Investors resumed their December rally Wednesday, looking past higher oil prices and focusing instead on building up their portfolios before year #39;s end.
AP - Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the players' association stirs serious negotiating.
AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 50 points to lead Phoenix to a 117-98 win over Portland on Sunday night.
AP - A natural gas pipeline just outside the southern Russian city of Makhachkala exploded Wednesday, sending flames soaring into the air and lighting up the night sky.
AP - President Bush called on Major League Baseball on Wednesday to take "strong steps" to confront the use of steroids and other illegal performance-enhancing substances by players.
AP - A company is recalling about 158,000 fluorescent light bulbs because they can overheat and spark, the government said Wednesday.
Reuters - Canadian immigration\officials won a victory on Tuesday in their bid to revoke the\citizenship of a former Nazi SS prison guard convicted of war\crimes in Italy.
Some say Mustafa Barghouthi's campaign may lead to the creation of a viable secular opposition in Palestinian politics.
Geothermal sources remain untapped as leaders focus instead on the country's reserves of fossil fuels.
Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko hails "a great victory" after parliament passes wide-ranging reforms.
John W. Snow will stay on as treasury secretary, the White House said this afternoon, dashing speculation that he would soon be forced out of the Cabinet.
For the Indiana Pacers, its been a long three weeks since a brawl with Detroit fans scarred the image of what was once considered one of the NBAs model franchises.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Wednesday successfully test fired a medium range nuclear-capable ballistic missile, capable of hitting targets deep inside India, the military said.
 INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - The Indianapolis Colts have  signed kicker Martin Gramatica to handle kickoffs.
(Article Central) The Mozilla Foundation launched version 1.0 of its email management software Thunderbird in advance of the official release this Tuesday.
Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 games console being developed by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI), the companies announced on Tuesday.
WASHINGTON: An expert panel on Wednesday recommended sending a manned shuttle mission to repair the aging Hubble Space Telescope, instead of the robotic mission NASA had envisioned.
AP - Marvin Harrison is remaining with the Indianapolis Colts as Peyton Manning's primary target.
THE re-election of British Prime Minister Tony Blair would be seen as an endorsement of the military action in Iraq, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
SEOUL - President Roh Moo Hyun made a surprise visit Wednesday to South Korean troops stationed in northern Iraq, the Blue House presidential office announced.
The Indianapolis Colts keep Peyton Manning's favorite target for six more season as Marvin Harrison signs a six-year, \$66-million contract on Wednesday.
The news that PalmSource bought China MobileSoft for its knowledge of the exploding Chinese market for mobile devices makes a lot of sense.
AP - Notre Dame's outgoing president criticized the decision to fire Tyrone Willingham after just three seasons, saying he was surprised the coach was not given more time to try to succeed.
AP - Jason White has a chance to join Archie Griffin as a two-time Heisman Trophy winner.
Toshiba Ltd. and Memory-Tech said this week that they plan to bring to market a hybrid DVD disc that can be used both for standard-definition and HD content.
Telenor will remain a key player in the Hungarian wireless market after it announced its Hungarian mobile arm, Pannon GSM, acquired a UMTS license in Hungary.
The computer crash that shut down systems at Britain #39;s Department for Work and Pensions only caused delays in dealing with new and amended claims, according to the agency.
LaVar Arrington practiced for the first time since undergoing knee surgery. Now the Redskins have to wait and see if he #39;ll be able to play.
Four members of a US special operations unit in Iraq are disciplined for using electric stun guns on prisoners.
The choice of Antonio Salieri's long-forgotten opera "Europa Riconosciuta" seemed just right when La Scala reopened on Tuesday night after nearly three years of renovation.
UEFA will be launching disciplinary proceedings against Valencia and Werder Bremen following the incidents that marred their Champions League match at the Mestalla on Tuesday.
PITTSBURGH - Steelers running back Jerome Bettis remains upset that Notre Dame fired football coach Tyrone Willingham but supports former Steelers assistant coach Tom Clements as his successor.
Kobe Bryant would love to have Karl Malone back with the Los Angeles Lakers, and believes comments he made in a recent radio interview were misunderstood.
The Supreme Court heard initial arguments Tuesday regarding state laws in Michigan and New York that ban interstate sales of wines through the Internet.
WASHINGTON - NASA should turn to astronauts, not robots, to repair the aging Hubble Space Telescope, an expert panel recommended on Wednesday.
BEA Systems is set to release Diablo, an SOA-based application server that is the cornerstone of the upcoming WebLogic Platform 9.0.
Running on pure adrenalin, attacking in relentless red waves towards a beseeching Kop, Liverpool fought back magnificently against the dying of their Champions League light last 
UEFA have received no reports of racist chanting by Porto fans during the Champions League game against Chelsea in Portugal on Tuesday night.
A former US Marine has claimed that he saw American troops in Iraq routinely kill unarmed civilians, including women and children.
Around a fifth of the North Sea would be closed to fishing next year under European Commission plans for an unprecedented ban to help rescue cod stocks from collapse.
On the day the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit clowns were charged with various crimes against civility, Indiana guard Anthony Johnson put the whole sad, absurd thing into perspective.
Humankind's closest relative is facing extinction in the war-torn Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Japanese economy is close to stagnation, according to revisions to official figures yesterday that cut the estimate of GDP growth to just 0.1 per cent.
AP - Cavaliers forward Robert Traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie during a game against the New Jersey Nets.
Opinion: While the Palm Inc. spinoff has had a tough infancy, its acquisition of China MobileSoft promises to position it as a formidable contender in the emerging mobile market.
ONE of Americas greatest unsung heroes, an astronaut who touched the stars yet barely scraped the surface of public recognition, is to retire.
The burning and deforestation of Brazils vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 of the worlds greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released yesterday.
Sony Corp, which on Tuesday confirmed a shipping halt on the Suez Canal disrupted delivery of its newest PlayStation 2 to Europe, said supply shortages of the game console extend to the United States.
AP - The San Francisco Giants will honor Barry Bonds' home run milestones and other achievements as they always have  #151; with great fanfare.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. Florida assistant basketball coach Major Parker has been suspended indefinitely following his arrest on drug charges.
AP - Florida assistant basketball coach Major Parker has been arrested on charges of selling half a kilogram of cocaine to an undercover officer, a U.S. attorney said Wednesday.
AP - Kim Clijsters' left wrist injury will keep her out of the Australian Open, tournament chief executive Paul McNamee said Thursday.
Nortel Networks yesterday announced several products as well as a partnership with Symantec in moves designed to expand the company's offerings in the network security space.
Oracle is concerned PeopleSoft customers might abandon maintenance contracts that could help it spend more on new software products to compete with SAP AG, the world's biggest business software maker.
MCI announced on Wednesday a line of managed LAN services available at three different service levels.
Stocks rallied today, with all averages finishing up as the US dollar performed better against overseas currencies for the first time in weeks.
On Wednesday night Olympiakos travel to take on Liverpool knowing that any positive result will pave the way for their passage into the qualifying stages of the Champions League.
TONY EASTLEY: According to some news agencies, the US military passed a grim milestone this week, with 1,000 American troops killed in combat in Iraq.
South American leaders are set to create an economic and political bloc modelled on the European Union.
Cardholders have been surprised to find that the MBNA Corporation has switched their accounts from Visa or MasterCard to American Express, MBNA's new partner.
The federal loan board that was created to oversee an airline industry bailout is about to play a key role in determining the next phase of industry competition.
Two decades after it virtually invented the personal computer industry, IBM yesterday sold out to the Chinese government. The deal, which IBM hopes will leave 
Tokyo stocks were mixed early Thursday amid profit taking and buying on the back of the US dollar #39;s strength against the Japanese yen.
The impossible was merely delayed. An opener from Rivaldo left Liverpool requiring to win by two goals to reach the next phase of the Champions League.
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - The Indianapolis Colts and wide receiver Marvin Harrison have reportedly agreed to a new contract.
South American leaders create an economic and political bloc modelled on the European Union.
With downloadable books and information portals, the new reading room is anywhere and everywhere.
Bankrupt ATA Airlines #39; withdrawal from Chicago #39;s Midway International Airport presents a juicy opportunity for another airline to beef up service in the Midwest 
Chipmaker Altera (ALTR:Nasdaq - news - research) lowered fourth-quarter sales guidance after the bell Wednesday, citing a more severe decline in its communications segment.
Ajax Amsterdam qualified for the UEFA Cup after a 2-2 Champions #39; League Group D draw with Bayern Munich at the Amsterdam ArenA on Wednesday evening.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent pitcher Woody Williams rejoined the San Diego Padres more than three years after he was traded away.
NVidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 games console being developed by Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
PARIS (AFP) - Multiple European Cup winners Real Madrid and Liverpool squeezed through to the last 16 of the Champions League after winning their respective final group matches.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls for an independent commission to calculate the number of civilians killed and injured since the US-led alliance invaded Iraq in March 2003.
German vendor develops experimental system that transmits data at 1 Gbps using a new antenna system and OFDM. By Mobile Pipeline News.
AP - Carl Pavano wrapped up talks Wednesday with the Seattle Mariners and moved on to Anaheim, where he's expected to attend the winter meetings later this week and visit the Angels.
China on Wednesday abruptly blocked a meeting of global union and business leaders scheduled for next week that aimed to press Beijing to do more to protect workers #39; rights.
THE enduring mystery of why the chicken really did cross the road has come a step closer to being solved definitively, following a detailed analysis of the birds genetic blueprint.
In their first detailed and comprehensive look at the DNA of chickens, scientists have found that 60 percent of the bird #39;s genes have close cousins in humans.
Australia on Thursday backed UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan against calls for his resignation over the world body #39;s scandal-plagued oil-for-food program for Iraq.
India will express strong concern over United States #39; proposed sale of surveillance aircraft and anti-tank missiles to Pakistan to the visiting US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
NORTH Koreas solemn return of the remains of a 13-year-old Japanese girl they kidnapped decades ago have proved to be a cruel trick, a furious Japan said yesterday.
The Wizards are undone by Andre Miller's season-high 34 points and Denver's running offense in Wednesday's 111-105 loss.
LaVar Arrington participated in his first practice since Oct. 25, when he aggravated a knee injury that sidelined him for 10 games.
The uncharacteristic performance of the Ravens' defense is still a touchy subject with linebacker Ray Lewis.
Notre Dame's outgoing president criticized the decision to fire Tyrone Willingham after just three seasons, saying he was surprised the coach was not given more time to try to succeed.
Chris Thomas, Chris Quinn and Torin Francis each scored 13 points and Francis had 13 rebounds to lead Notre Dame past Indiana, 55-45.
Illinois, off to a 7-0 start entering Thursday's game against Georgetown, felt all along it was the best team in the country.
After their first loss of the season, the 19th-ranked Cavaliers came away with a sluggish 70-67 victory over Furman at Alumni Hall on Wednesday night.
Iraq-bound troops complained that they were being sent into combat with insufficient protection and aging equipment.
In the many smaller cities that are reliant on hockey to enliven downtowns at night, the loss of a season is a significant blow.
Security firm Secunia has warned that most Web browsers are vulnerable to a simple  quot;phishing quot; technique that could make fraudulent content appear genuine.
An unfamiliar-looking Manchester United team slumped to their first defeat of this Champions League campaign as Uefa Cup-bound Fenerbahce won 3-0 in Istanbul.
No Pistons players were charged for the Nov. 19 brawl the brother of Detroit's Ben Wallace, was charged for throwing punches at the Pacers' Fred Jones.
AFP - The number of people killed in the massive earthquake and tidal waves that hit Indian Ocean shorelines a week ago passed 144,000.
George Mason's 70-62 over Georgetown has everything a local rivalry should have: wild momentum swings, scrappy play and even a little blood.
Richard Hamilton scores six of his 19 points in overtime as Detroit holds off Toronto, 90-86, Wednesday night.
I.B.M. is planning to close its employee pension plan to new employees at the end of the year and give all new workers a 401(k) plan instead.
Peak-time woes bedevil merchants, customers
Treasury Secretary John W. Snow will remain in his job after weeks in which Republicans had talked openly about his impending departure.
A film industry group has sued a high-end consumer electronics company, claiming its home theater jukebox system makes illegal copies of movie DVDs.
Gay rights leaders are debating if they should moderate their goals after 11 states approved constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriages.
Since Nov. 7, 19 servicemen from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut have been killed in Iraq.
The Senate vote, 89 to 2, ended a debate that began last summer with the release of the final report of the 9/11 panel.
Chinese PC vendor Lenovo announced its acquisition of IBM #39;s Personal Computing Division (PCD) for a combination of cash and stock totaling US\$1.25 billion.
Fran Pavley, a soft-spoken, retired schoolteacher who went into California politics, probably never thought she would find herself defending the environmental credentials of Gov.
Contradicting NASA policy in a long and bitter debate over science and safety, a panel of the National Academy of Sciences said Wednesday that the 
The Walt Disney Company and its home video division, Buena Vista Home Entertainment, said yesterday that they would release films in the next-generation high-definition DVD format being developed 
Hundreds of tiny worlds circling beyond Neptune have been thought of as frozen in time, almost unchanged since they formed at the birth of the solar system five billion years ago.
China has banned British computer game Football Manager 2005, saying it violated Chinese law by referring to Taiwan, Hong Kong and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard said he thought his team was heading out of the Champions League midway through yesterday #39;s match against Olympiakos.
Two second-half goals from Luis Figo made sure Real Madrid put a recent bad streak behind them and qualified for the UEFA Champions League #39;s last 16 knockout round.
Maccabi Tel Aviv coach Nir Klinger said his side fully deserved their place in the Champions League despite finishing bottom of Group C after a 1-1 home draw with Juventus on Wednesday.
Iranian striker Ali Karimi was named 2004 Asian Player of the Year on Wednesday at the Asian Football Confederation awards in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
A strong defensive effort helped Kentucky overcome poor shooting against instate rival Morehead State on Wednesday night. Kelenna Azubuike scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half 
Middle East. But the results have been patchy, with many in the Arab world regarding it as a. and social reforms in the Middle East and Africa.
AP - Richard Hamilton scored six of his 19 points in overtime as the Detroit Pistons held off the Toronto Raptors 90-86 on Wednesday night.
Reuters - The World Series Champion Boston\Red Sox have signed relief pitcher Matt Mantei to a one-year\contract worth  #36;750,000.
 BOSTON (Sports Network) - The World Series Champion Boston  Red Sox have signed relief pitcher Matt Mantei to a one-year  contract worth \$750,000.
Walmart.com, Amazon.com suffer site performance problems during holiday shopping.
PlayStation 3 graphics chip will also be available for Sony digital consumer products.
Toyota, General Motors and seven other automakers filed suit on Tuesday to block California #39;s new greenhouse gas regulation, which was approved by the state in its final form in September.
NTT DoCoMo, Vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high-speed networks.
Arsenal goalkeeper Manuel Almunia insists he can handle the pressure if he keeps his place for Sundays Barclays Premiership showdown with Chelsea.
Residents of some Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip have proposed that their entire communities be moved to locations inside Israel under Prime Minister Ariel 
Scientists have cracked the genetic code of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310 million years ago.
Ministry of Culture recently demanded the various cultural departments across the country to ban a kind of computer named Premier Manager 2005, or Soccer Manager 2005.
During an IBM employee meeting here Wednesday, a worker got up and asked a question that perhaps only 10 years ago would have been unthinkable: If he wanted 
DALLAS -- Auto makers filed suit Tuesday to block California from forcing the companies to make cars and trucks that emit lower levels of global-warming gases.
McNealy warns Ellison: 'Beware of our Redmond friends'
Canadian musicians may get more exposure if satellite radio, with its hundreds of channels, is approved in Canada.
What will \$300 buy in a digital camera this year? A comparison of a dozen models to see how much quality (and how many megapixels) you can get.
The newest piece of hardware in the video game wars, the Nintendo DS hand-held console, is out to prove that two is better than one.
Clifford Ross has invented a camera capable of producing negatives containing 100 times as much data as the average professional digital camera.
The economic growth rate in the July-September period was revised slightly downward from an already weak preliminary report, the government said Wednesday.
Its mid-morning and a cold breeze scuttles leaves and small debris past Kenny Banks as he stands in the shade of Kmarts entrance, ringing his bell.
By Bloomberg News. The United States Supreme Court limited the scope of federal trademark protection yesterday, saying that rival companies in some cases can use proprietary terms even when that might cause confusion among customers.
DVD players: Buying a DVD player shouldn #39;t be a problem these days, but understanding all the features crammed into it may be.
AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored eight of his 18 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Miami Heat to a 101-96 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.
Singapore's economy grows by 8.1 in 2004,  as a surge in manufacturing demand drove its best performance since 2000.
R B stars Usher and Alicia Key  dominate the Billboard Awards in Las Vegas.
Halliburton Co. has finalized an agreement to resolve outstanding issues with a troublesome project off the coast of Brazil, the company announced Wednesday.
Reuters - Oil prices rose for the second day in\a row on Thursday with an Arctic blast forecast to hit the\United States next week, ramping up demand for heating fuels.
The latest creature to have its DNA fully decoded is the chicken. Scientists from 49 countries announce the completion of the International Chicken Genome Sequencing Project today in the science journal Nature.
RAMALLAH - Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti said on Wednesday that Israeli soldiers had beat him at an army checkpoint south of Jenin in the West Bank.
AP - The global personal computer market is expected to grow at a modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report Wednesday by a market research firm.
Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is\trying to involve the United States in an new international\treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.
AP - One of man's closest relatives, the pygmy chimpanzee, may be much closer to extinction than previously thought, a conservation group said Thursday.
Pedro Martinez briefly meets with Red Sox owner John Henry and president Larry Lucchino while passing through the airport.
Six-time All-Star catcher Sandy Alomar Jr. agrees to a one-year contract with the Rangers to be a part-time player next season.
Shoppers expecting big, across-the-board price cuts in the run-up to Christmas may be in for an unpleasant surprise.
Martha Stewart will host an hour-long, daily syndicated show with a live audience when she gets out of prison, her company said today.
Nato has held unprecedented ministerial talks with Israel and six Arab nations aiming to strengthen ties with friends on the alliances volatile southern and south-eastern flanks.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Former European champions Real Madrid  and Liverpool scored vastly contrasting victories to reach the  knockout round of the Champions League Wednesday.
AMSTERDAM, Netherlands -- Ajax Amsterdam qualified for the UEFA Cup after finishing third in Champions League Group C with a 2-2 draw against Bayern Munich on Wednesday.
Rafael Benitez won a prized reputation in Spain as a lucky manager...and hes certainly brought all that good fortune with him to Liverpool.
AFP - A British court has ordered the release of files disclosing payments by a leading British arms company to the daughter of former Indonesian president Suharto, the Guardian newspaper reports.
The US and the EU welcome reforms approved by Ukraine's parliament which pave the way for a new election
AFP - South Korea has introduced new rules to help domestic firms protect themselves from hostile takeover bids by foreign investors.
A leading panel of experts handed NASA #39;s leadership a sharp reproof Wednesday, concluding that the space shuttle should be used to service the Hubble Space Telescope and 
Scientists have analyzed the genetic makeup of chickens, and it is providing valuable information about how human genes work. Washington University Genome Sequencing Center led a group of international researchers 
A giant rock spotted on the fringes of the Solar System has frozen water crystals on its surface, an intriguing discovery that suggests it may harbour volcanic activity, a study says.
In an expanding worldwide market of e-learning, an online university in the United States is being sued for allegedly selling bogus degrees, including an MBA degree awarded to a cat.
Kevin Bookout scores all 12 of his points in the second half to lead Oklahoma to a 66-48 victory over Purdue.
The beleaguered drug giant #39;s lowered forecast isn #39;t as bad as Wall Street expected. But investors still await the long-term prognosis.
Sen. George Allen, R-Va., says Major League Baseball needs to move fast to toughen its steroids-testing policy in order to avoid congressional action.
A disappointed but determined prime minister said last night he had not given up hope of reaching a lasting settlement in Northern Ireland.
AP - Japan's Cabinet on Thursday approved a plan to keep Japanese troops in Iraq for another year, the trade minister said.
Tony Blair tries to persuade the US to cut greenhouse gases amid concerns over climate change.
The funeral of one of the last century's greatest known ballerinas, Dame Alicia Markova, is held in Bath.
Fosters, Australias largest beer and wine maker, has been trying to sell Lensworth, aiming to focus on its beverage business.
When Roma and Real Madrid took to the field Wednesday at the 82,000-seat Olympic Stadium in Rome, they walked into an empty stadium.
No agreement has been reached in the negotiation between Northern Ireland #39;s Democratic Unionist Party, or DUP and its rival Sinn Fein, to resume peace talks.
About 20 Filipinos were found alive in the rubble of a collapsed building on Thursday, 10 days after a fierce storm and landslides devastated several eastern and northern provinces, a radio station reported.
DreamWorks, Pixar and Disney have each rescheduled high-profile films in ways that could dramatically affect their earnings flow and status in 
Carmakers, dealers want to block rule to cut carbon dioxide emissions, saying only the feds can decide fuel economy. By Jeff Plungis / Detroit News Washington Bureau.
Reuters - The Irish Republican Army said on\Thursday it would never provide photographic proof of\disarmament as demanded by its Northern Ireland Protestant\opponents.
 BELFAST (Reuters) - The Irish Republican Army said on  Thursday it would never provide photographic proof of  disarmament as demanded by its Northern Ireland Protestant  opponents.
The big drug maker yesterday told Wall Street that the recent withdrawal of its Vioxx painkiller will dampen 2005 earnings even more than previously expected.
Target #39;s decision to ban The Salvation Army bell ringers from stores has sparked a backlash, according to news reports from around the country.
As expected, the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers has joined a group of automobile dealers in Californias Central Valley to file suit against Californias new regulation of CO 2 emissions.
WASHINGTON -- After three dark years, the sun finally peeked through yesterday at the Aerospace Industries Association #39;s annual year-end review.
A large planet-like object out in the realm of Pluto shows signs of either a relatively recent collision or perhaps volcanic activity, astronomers said today.
SAN ANTONIO -- Antonio Daniels scowled and every muscle in his body seemed steel-cable taut as he walked toward the Sonics #39; bench.
A former US Marine in Iraq, testifying Wednesday at a hearing for an American military deserter seeking asylum in Canada, said several men 
Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi says national elections scheduled for Jan. 30 could be staged over two or three weeks so that the military can protect voters in dangerous places.
Swiss Life, Switzerland's largest insurer, sells its UK life assurance business for 205m.
Leslie Alexander has led the kind of life people in the investment world dream about.
Just days after the Washington rumor mill had John Snow leaving his job as Treasury secretary, President Bush yesterday said Snow was staying on.
The possibility of a cut in OPEC production grew stronger yesterday after the oil minister of Saudi Arabia indicated he was aware of majority sentiment in favor of a reduction.
The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx means Merck  amp; Co. will miss the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts for 2005, the drug maker said yesterday.
The global personal computer market will grow at a more modest pace in 2005 as the economic recovery slows, according to a report by a market research firm.
A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.
The aerospace industry bounced back this year with record sales and the first upswing in employment in five years as a result of  quot;robust quot; defense 
The European Union and China agreed to boost relations yesterday, but the EU made clear there can be no early lifting of its 15-year-old 
Japan #39;s cabinet decided Thursday to extend the Self-Defense Forces #39; (SDF) humanitarian assistance operation in Iraq by one year until Dec. 14, 2005.
The UN General Assembly has given Secretary-General Kofi Annan a symbolic show of support in the face of calls by some US lawmakers for his resignation.
AP - For an administration that likes to make the trains run on time, the Jan. 30 elections scheduled in Iraq are light at the end of a dark and violent tunnel.
Tom Brady in a slump? It's hard to imagine after a 24-3 win over Baltimore and a 42-15 romp over Cleveland the last two weeks.
Players offered arbitration have until Dec. 19 to either accept or reject. Players who reject arbitration may sign with former club until Jan. 8 (or after May 1).
Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the Players Association stirs serious negotiating.
Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's Likud party is to  vote on whether to invite the opposition Labour Party into the coalition.
Men who use laptop computers may inadvertently be risking their fertility, experts believe.
An independent Armenia has proved too constricting and its promise too distant for the next generation's ambitions.
Three major movie studios have signed on for Sony #39;s high-definition technology for the discs. But a competitor has drawn big support, too.
A panel said that NASA should send astronauts to repair the Hubble Space Telescope rather than rely on a robotic device.
A discovery now has some astronomers entertaining visions of icy volcanoes roiling on some of the tiny worlds circling beyond Neptune, at least at one time.
Tickets to your favorite bowl game are readily available, for a price.
Colorado astronomers hailed a National Academy of Sciences report Wednesday that urges NASA to send shuttle astronauts - not a robot - to save the aging Hubble Space Telescope.
In an election dominated by a jailed intifada leader and a moderate veteran negotiator who both come from the ruling 
Japanese computer games firm Nintendo raises its sales target for the DS handheld  games console after strong early sales.
Hyatt Corp. has agreed to buy the AmeriSuites hotel chain from affiliates of private equity firm The Blackstone Group, Hyatt said on Thursday.
Infineon Technologies AG today said it would build a new front-end production plant in Kulim High Tech Park, Malaysia, at a cost of \$1 billion.
PREMIER FOODS today emerged victorious in the bidding for another slice of British gastronomic history. The owner of Ambrosia creamed rice has.
The Chicago-based media giant plans to turn Hoy, its Spanish-language daily, into a free newspaper in two of the three cities where it is sold, executives said Wednesday.
The Amazon.co.uk is launching a DVD rental service, the online retailer #39;s first foray into a market that was pioneered by US-based Netflix.
SHANGHAI, China Dec 9, 2004 - China has banned a new computer game for referring to Taiwan and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
Burning of the Amazon and other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil #39;s greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the world #39;s leading polluters 
A LONE whale with a mysterious voice that matches no other species has been discovered roaming the Pacific, it was revealed yesterday.
Rome - David Beckham said Real Mardrid had done what they needed to after defeating Roma 3-0 here on Wednesday to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
The Ministry of External affairs has cleared Chittagong as venue for the second Test between India and Bangladesh after the assesment by the Indian security delegation.
For the first time, Tiger Woods will not be the reigning PGA Tour Player of the Year when the Target World Challenge begins on Thursday at Sherwood Country Club in California.
Silverstone racing track owners are confident they will reach an agreement with Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone for a British Grand Prix next July.
Former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage after he allegedly jumped on to the bonnet of a car.
AP - The Houston Texans were plenty embarrassed when Peyton Manning threw five touchdown passes against them in a 35-point rout.
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has paid a visit to the Indian capital New Delhi for discussions on how to improve military relations between the two nations.
The European Union Wednesday held out the prospect of lifting a 15-year-old arms embargo on China, possibly by next year. Washington firmly opposes 
Cars circle the roundabout in the center of Ramallah in no particular order, and groups of young Palestinian men hang out on a steel structure in the middle.
Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and the Northridge earthquake in 1994 were two watershed natural disasters that prompted significant changes in homeowners #39; insurance.
In a step forward for biology and agriculture, scientists yesterday unveiled the first, detailed analysis of the genetic blueprint of the chicken - revealing few surprises, but suggesting 
Dubai Ports International is buying the foreign port operations of US railroad company CSX Corp. for \$1.15 billion in cash, the companies announced Thursday.
The withdrawal of painkiller Vioxx means Merck  amp; Co. will miss the already diminished expectations of Wall Street analysts for 2005, the drug maker said yesterday.
The courtship of Boston College football coach Tom O'Brien moved east yesterday when University of Washington athletic director Todd Turner and president Mark Emmert flew east and met with O'Brien.
The ground-breaking legal settlement and technology sharing deal between Microsoft Corp and Sun Microsystems Inc will not diminish competition between the two adversaries.
Never in the history of college football #39;s top award has a freshman walked away with what is arguably sports #39; most recognizable trophy.
AP - A law that gives the government control over the content of radio and television programs in Venezuela took effect Thursday.
AFP - Philippine rescuers were frantically digging for more survivors after four people, including a toddler, were pulled alive from a building crushed by a landslide 11 days ago.
 CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Thursday weighed up  whether heavy recent price falls were severe enough to warrant  cutting back excess supply at Friday's ministerial meeting.
The battle over next generation DVDs hot ups, with Disney opting for a technology developed by Sony.
The French government sells 17.7 of its stake in Air France-KLM amid reports it may cut its holding in the airline to as little as 18.
Events are held around the world to mark the first ever United Nations anti-corruption day.
Six people are missing after a US Coast Guard helicopter crashes off Alaska during a ship rescue.
Ukrainian government workers resume duties as protesters lift blockades ahead of the presidential vote re-run.
Afghan President Hamid Karzai says the  rampant drugs trade poses a bigger threat than the Soviet invasion.
The General Medical Council is doing too little to protect patients, the latest report from the Shipman Inquiry has said.
 The FBI searched offices of a prominent public relations firm Tuesday, looking for information about its client Saudi Arabia, law enforcement sources said.
The two crewmen aboard the International Space Station lost a few pounds in the five weeks they were forced to ration their dwindling supply of food.
-- Any hope of saving the NHL season hinges on whether the next proposal by the players #39; association stirs serious negotiating.
A rare break in rough Bering Sea weather is allowing officials to gain a better sense of damage from a large spill in the Aleutian Islands.
Last night in New York, the UN secretary-general was given a standing ovation - a robust response to a series of attacks in past weeks.
Convicted insurance mogul Michael Segal is scheduled to get a full hearing Tuesday on whether he should be let out of a federal lockup as he awaits sentencing.
The dollar steadied versus the euro and yen on Thursday following sharp gains across the board in the previous session driven by profit-taking on bets against the long suffering US currency.
Medical Research Council (MRC) scientists have ended lengthy scientific speculation by confirming that chickens have an acute sense of smell.
AFP - Eddie Griffin's National Basketball Association homecoming was more than the Philadelphia 76ers could handle.
WAR, poverty and HIV/Aids are causing more than half of the worlds children to suffer, effectively denying them a childhood, according to a report today.
The United States is keen on strengthening its growing defense ties with India, which currently encompass a wide range of military-to-military exchanges and joint exercises 
Rising prospects for Palestinian-Israeli peace are marginalizing the Hamas movement, responsible for numerous suicide bombings and other attacks on Israelis, according to a Palestinian poll.
in fact, the first farm animal - to be genetically sequenced, researchers said Wednesday. That #39;s important for humans because understanding chicken DNA can 
Microsoft will hold a second Longhorn-themed Professional Developers Conference in September 2005, almost two years after it first detailed the successor to Windows XP.
Pakistan were bowled out for 262 against Western Australia on Thursday in a worrying sign for the tourists ahead of next week #39;s first test against Australia.
AP - NATO foreign ministers pledged Thursday to speed the expansion of alliance peacekeeping in Afghanistan and boost military training for Iraq, but failed to come up immediately with the troops for both operations.
AFP - Two policemen were killed and three injured in a Muslim rebel attack on their camp in Indian Kashmir, police said.
Air China, the biggest and last of China's three large airlines to list on the stock market, prices its float near the top of its  target range.
The government discriminated against Roma people seeking entry into the UK, the Law Lords rule.
Reuters - Costco Wholesale Corp. , the\largest U.S. warehouse club, posted a 21 percent increase in\quarterly profit on Thursday.
AFP - Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly has asked his team to concentrate on the game rather than look for personal records during a two-Test series against Bangladesh.
PHIL Neville insists Manchester United don #39;t fear anyone in the Champions League last 16 and declared:  quot;Bring on the Italians.
Calgary Sun. Dan Marino wouldn #39;t swap his collection of NFL records and Hall-of-Fame nomination for the world. Not even for that elusive Super Bowl victory.
Philippine rescuers pulled four survivors from the rubble of a collapsed building and dug furiously for others on Thursday, 10 days after a fierce storm devastated several eastern and northern provinces.
Ten per cent of people say they or a member of their household paid a bribe in the past year, a survey suggests.
A tsunami warning system should be in place in South Asia and Southeast Asia within a year, the U.N. said.
Three aftershocks ultimately led to officials in India issuing what amounted to a false alarm.
LONDON - Amazon.co.uk is taking on the crowded UK DVD online rental market with a new offering that will undercut current prices by as much as 30.
The UK #39;s global trade deficit in goods widened to a nine-month high in October as imports rose to a record and exports to countries outside of the European Union declined.
Officials in charge of the existing international tsunami warning system, have taken an initial step to broaden the network to the Indian Ocean and other possible trouble spots.
Nintendo Co. Ltd. raised its 2004 shipment target for its DS handheld video game device by 40 percent to 2.8 million units on Thursday after many stores in Japan and 
Description: Criminal charges are filed against five Indiana Pacers players and seven Detroit Pistons fans for their roles in a violent melee at an NBA game last month.
At the end of yesterdays match against Real Madrid, a sad Luigi Delneri reflected on what has been a terrible Champions League campaign for the Giallorossi.
National Hockey League owners will meet with representatives from the players union on Thursday in what is seen as a final bid to end a lockout and save the NHL season.
The Western Warriors are in a good position after day 1 against Pakistan at the WACA. The Warriors are 1/20 at stumps, 242 runs behind Pakistans first innings total.
A final laboratory test has confirmed that an Alberta dairy cow had mad cow disease, the second case Canada has found in its herd.
India and Pakistan have been unable to agree on starting a bus service between the capitals of divided Kashmir in two days of talks which have ended 
AP - New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven't completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven't completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
The UK trade deficit widened to 5.3bn in October after imports hit their highest level since records began, official data showed today.
AP - China has banned a new computer game for referring to Taiwan and other regions claimed by China as separate countries.
Reuters - Internet users praying for salvation\from junk mail face a new torment -- "Spiritual Spam."
PC World - Conference will allow developers to examine, discuss the successor to Windows XP.
Al Leiter heard all the right things from the Florida Marlins. That was the reason he chose to move south and leave the New York Mets.
 SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Former heavyweight  champion Mike Tyson was arrested after allegedly jumping on the  hood of a car outside a nightclub.
 PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Free agent third baseman Troy  Glaus is reportedly headed to the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Oil prices rose for the second day in a row on Thursday as several OPEC ministers called for the cartel to stop producing more oil than its official target.
General Motors Europe will chop 12,000 jobs over two years -- around a fifth of its workforce -- to lop 500 million euros (\$673 million 
Wall Street had expected a drop in new unemployment claims. The prediction of economists surveyed by Dow Jones Newswires and CNBC was a decline of 14,000 claims.
The costs of imported goods rose less in November than a month earlier, restrained by a drop in petroleum prices that may help boost consumer spending and the US economy.
McDonald #39;s Corp. said Thursday that global comparable-restaurant sales, or sales at restaurants open at least 13 months, rose 4.2 percent in November.
CHICAGO -- Hyatt Corp. said Thursday it will purchase the 143-unit AmeriSuites hotel chain from affiliates of The Blackstone Group.
Sales of the Nintendo DS handheld gaming device are going better than expected, prompting Nintendo to raise its full-year shipment forecast, the company #39;s president says.
More than 60 suspected mercenaries are to appeal against their convictions in Zimbabwe over a coup plot.
The European Union #39;s arms embargo against China was the focus of nearly all the attention at Wednesday #39;s political summit in The Hague between the EU and China.
Democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti who joins the Palestinian presidential race told reporters on Thursday that he and his bodyguards were beaten by Israeli soldiers on a roadblock in the northern West Bank.
Zimbabwe's parliament passes a controversial bill banning international rights groups from working in the country.
Serbia's Orthodox Church files a lawsuit accusing the UK, France, Germany and Italy of failing to protect churches in Kosovo.
Hello! magazine is to appeal against damages awarded to its rival OK! over Catherine Zeta Jones' wedding photos.
Anheuser-Busch teams up with Vietnam's largest brewer, laying the groundwork for future growth in the region.
Next year will bring a brand new Martha Stewart show, but it's not as daring as it could have been.
Dave   Buster's has a lethargic quarter, but the calendar proves that the third quarters are always slow at D B.
Business regulators in Shanghai turn down an application for a Playboy nightclub complex in the city.
The U.K. government will launch a Parliamentary inquiry next year into the practicalities of electronic voting.
A law that gives the government control over the content of radio and television programs in Venezuela took effect Thursday.
US stocks fell on Thursday, hit by a sharp drop in technology shares following a slew of sales warnings from semiconductor makers, and as oil prices rose nearly \$1 a barrel.
US jobless claims unexpectedly rose again last week in more worrying news for the labor market while prices for imported goods grew in November, government data showed on Thursday.
When US Secretary of State Colin L. Powell met Secretary-General Kofi Annan last month at an Egyptian summit on Iraq, the two old friends shook hands.
Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, a panel of space experts has said.
Samsung Electronics has begun shipping samples of 512Mbit GDDR3 chips targeting the high-end graphics-card and the game-console markets.
Saudi Arabia is urging global oil stocks be increased before the world #39;s crude oil cartel consider cutting output. Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 
Maverick Labour MP Austin Mitchell today offered to use his photographic skills to end the impasse in the Northern Ireland peace process.
Middle East News, Three Palestinian fighters were injured in an Israeli missile strike on their car in the southern Gaza Strip, witnesses and medics said on Thursday.
Mozilla the company behind the overnight success Firefox 1.0 has launched an email client to go up against Microsofts Outlook Express email client.
Samsung Electronics said today that it has made a memory manufacturing breakthrough that allows it to produce a graphics memory chip that is faster than any other on the market.
Yahoo on Tuesday confirmed it acquired a start-up last month called Wuf Networks that produces technology to let people transfer digital files onto mobile devices.
Scandal-hit Chen Jiuling, the suspended chief of Singapore-based China Aviation Oil (CAO) was questioned by local police for a second straight day yesterday as the investigation 
The Bank of England left the cost of borrowing unchanged at 4.75 per cent on Thursday after data had shown a slowdown in the housing market, slowing consumer 
India #39;s first Test against Bangladesh begins on Friday in Dhaka and already all the talk is not on whether India will win but when.
The movement of oil prices this year, both in the international and local markets, has consistently maintained an upward trend causing hysteria in the global oil market.
International Business Machines Corp. Tuesday agreed to sell its personal computer business to China #39;s largest computer manufacturer, backing out of a market the venerable technology 
The next 12 months look like they are going to be a lot of fun if you are a geek or gadget fan.
A suicide bomber blows up his car near the party headquarters of interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
The next generation battle is heating up even further today with the announcement that Disney will be releasing its movies on the Blu-Ray format rather than Toshibas HD-DVD format.
There is a major UN climate change meeting underway in Buenos Aires: the tenth Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP-10).
Ajax coach Ronald Koeman has sacked Rafael van der Vaart as club captain and replaced him with Czech international Tomas Galasek, the team said.
(New York- WABC, December 9, 2004 ) - Boxer Mike Tyson has had another run in with the law. Tyson was released yesterday after his arrest in Arizona.
AP - The surprising Seattle SuperSonics stopped the San Antonio Spurs' long winning streak at home and moved into a tie for the NBA victory lead.
AFP - US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld met Indian leaders but sidestepped controversy after New Delhi urged Washington not to sell F-16 fighter planes to rival Pakistan.
AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday he won't seek political office, dismissing suggestions that he run for governor or senator in New York.
AP - President Bush on Thursday flatly ruled out raising payroll taxes to ensure the solvency of Social Security, as he opened a push for historic changes in the retirement program.
Crude oil rose for a second day on speculation that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will call for a production cut at a meeting tomorrow.
France shed almost half of its 44 percent stake in Air France KLM on Thursday, kicking off a wider deal that could see its remaining stake cut to below 
 quot;The chicken genome fills a crucial gap in our scientific knowledge, quot; says Francis Collins, director of the National Human Genome Research Institute.
US stocks fell on Thursday, led by a decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly \$43 a barrel.
The Samsung device has at least twice the density of any graphics memory available today, offering gamers much richer textures and imagery, the electronics giant said.
David Coulthard was once again on the pace as he tested for Red Bull Racing in the hope of claiming a race seat there next season.
According to a report in the Arizona Republic, the Diamondbacks have signed third baseman Troy Glaus to a four-year contract worth \$45 million.
AFP - Nintendo said its new DS hand-held console is beating sales expectations, showing that the public wants easy-to-play video games instead of elaborate high-tech machines.
Reuters - British Prime Minister Tony Blair is\trying to involve the United States in a new international\treaty on global warming, The Times newspaper said on Thursday.
 NINGI, Nigeria (Reuters) - A young Nigerian mother  sentenced to death by stoning for having sex outside marriage  was acquitted and discharged by an Islamic appeals court on  Thursday.
Refilling, reselling cartridges doesn't violate patents - Tokyo court
\Gadget lovers are carrying the equivalent of 10 trucks full of paper in weight, a study has found.
Nintendo raises its sales target for the DS handheld  games console after strong early sales.
General Motors' European unit is to cut 10,000 jobs in Germany as part of a plan to save  \$665m (347m) annually.
International Business Machines Corp., taken to court by workers over changes it made to its traditional pension plan, has decided to stop offering any such plan to new employees.
Winning a spot on Madden NFL's soundtrack is a new route to an old audience, as sure a bet as any when it comes to grabbing a prized demographic.
The Federal Communications Commission is considering loosening a ban on using cell phones in airplanes.
Mountaineers are planting junipers on ledges to prevent them from being eaten by hungry sheep.
The defense secretary said today that it was valuable to hear concerns directly from troops, but he offered no changes.
Knight-Ridder's Phil Robinson offers a "right and reasonable" solution to outsourcing.
New claims for jobless benefits moved higher last week, a possible sign that employers haven #39;t completely let go of their caution and are looking to cut costs.
Film giant Disney says it will produce its future DVDs using Sony #39;s Blu-ray Disc technology, but has not ruled out a rival format developed by Toshiba.
New releases of disk, tape and optical storage technologies, and enhanced information management software from HP will extend the company #39;s ILM (Information Lifecycle Management) portfolio.
_ NHL officials and union leaders return to the bargaining table Thursday, marking their first talks since late summer. The players #39; association on Sept.
BREAKING months of silence, the Irish Republican Army declared today it was willing to get rid of all its weapons this month - but only if Protestants backed a new power-sharing 
A report by a kids #39; group says more than half of the children in the world are suffering because of the effects of war, poverty and the HIV virus.
Witnesses and medical officials in Gaza Strip say one Palestinian militant and two of his bodyguards were wounded today when their car exploded.
A new version of GNOME (GNU Network Object Model Environment) desktop interfaces is now available for download.
Laptops should be used as desktops if men want to protect their reproductive health, according to a new study published Thursday.
Netline Internet Service on Thursday announced that Novell has agreed to provide global training, maintenance, and support for its Open-Xchange Server product.
Company says sales of the handheld gaming device are much better than expected.
Company is the latest to pick a side in the battle of high-definition disc formats.
Conference will allow developers to examine, discuss the successor to Windows XP.
Friendster has rolled out a new internet search service powered by Eurekster that taps into your online social network to personalize and enhance search results.
LONDON - A large, icy rock at the edge of our solar system was warm at some point, a finding that suggests planetary processes like volcanic activity, astronomers say.
RESCUERS in the Philippines yesterday pulled at least four survivors from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago. The miraculous tale of survival came as officials 
Mass mailing viruses will go the way of macro viruses and become much rarer next year.
US forces in Iraq are attempting to tame Fallujah with biometric ID, according to an NBC news report broadcast last week.
Sunscreen and floppy hats are the normal tools to fight UV radiation in Australia. Now you can add laundry detergent. By Stephen Leahy.
If you're too cool for school, you're probably not very smart. Some of us would rather build rockets than friendships. By Paul Graham from Wired magazine.
Researchers find that men who place portable computers on their laps are inadvertently raising the temperature of their scrotums -- and possibly damaging their sperm. By Amit Asaravala.
Researchers have sequenced the genome of the chicken, and they hope it will increase understanding of embryonic development and help farmers breed disease-resistant birds. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Ford Motor Co. President Nick Scheele will retire early next year after 38 years with the No. 2 US automaker, Ford said on Thursday.
Once upon a time, Betamax was more than a winning answer in Trivial Pursuit: It was a real competitor with the VHS videotape format.
German company Siemens has shown what it claims to be the fastest ever wireless network connection. The demonstration at its Munich laboratories on Tuesday reached speeds of 1Gbps, twenty times faster than 
Hyatt Corp. on Thursday said it agreed to buy AmeriSuites, an upscale limited-service hotel chain that it said would complement its full-service portfolio.
That #39;s the recommendation from a panel from the National Academy of Sciences concerning a mission to the Hubble Space Telescope.
A new world record has been set for transmitting data across a wireless network, claim researchers in Germany. A team at Siemens Communications research laboratory in Munich, have transmitted one gigabit (one 
Oracle revealed Wednesday an ambitious content-management system to help its customers branch out into managing unstructured data, such as E-mail, Microsoft Word and Excel spreadsheet documents 
Samsung announced that it doubled the density of graphics DDR3 memory and has begun shipping samples to graphics card and game console manufacturers.
AP - The British government announced Thursday it had struck a deal to share counterterrorism technology and information with the United States.
Ziff Davis - HP's worldwide director of Linux marketing sees HP embracing open-source software and exploring the Linux desktop.
 KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Sports Network) - Kansas City Chiefs  running back Priest Holmes will miss the remainder of the  season after being placed on injured reserve Thursday.
Reuters - Water spilled into the North Sea from\offshore oil and gas drilling is less of a threat to fish than\previously thought, a Norwegian study showed on Thursday.
AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:
Shares of chip makers sank in Thursday trading after two US firms lowered their quarterly sales expectations, but the sector saw some relief after National Semiconductor Corp.
Troubled hospital products maker Baxter International Inc. on Thursday said it halted a late-stage European trial of its experimental flu vaccine because of higher-than-expected rates of fever.
AP - Right now, Roger Clemens is leaning toward retirement. Fortunately for his Houston Astros, he's still making up his mind.
The battle for supremacy in the realm of the next-generation DVD heated up Thursday as The Walt Disney Co. announced that it will distribute its features on the Blu-ray format.
Low-pitched rumbles from deep under California #39;s San Andreas fault may offer a way to predict future earthquakes, US geologists said on Thursday.
NASA #39;s plan to send a robot to do an astronaut #39;s job is too expensive, technically risky and too time-consuming to develop, said a scientific panel that 
Amazon.com announced to today that they have launched their DVD Rentals service for its UK customers. The service offers to plans right now.
Many popular browsers are affected by a vulnerability that makes it easy to spoof the content of websites, security firm Secunia warns.
A company with close ties to White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf is a leading candidate for a contract to help plan Washington's new stadium.
Huawei Technologies, China #39;s leading telecommunications equipment maker, will build a third-generation network for Telfort, the Dutch mobile operator, its first such contract in Europe.
AMD quietly published first specs of the first 90 nm Opteron processors and talked about Opterons with up to eight cores during a conference with analysts.
AFP - Shaquille O'Neal's new Miami Heat uniform is the most popular selling replica jersey among all National Basketball Association players, the league announced.
Play has begun in the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne with around half the field of 120 players completing their first rounds.
At about 3:20 pm, the NHL Players #39; Association left the building and the negotiations ended. They met for about four hours, apparently breaking for lunch during that time.
The stewards of the Diamondbacks kept saying in recent months that they intend to field a contending team in 2005. It #39;s just been a little hard to hear them.
COLUMBUS, Ohio Ohio State has sanctioned its men #39;s basketball team, barring the Buckeyes from playing in the NCAA or NIT tournaments this season.
All-Star third baseman Troy Glaus agrees to a four-year, \$45 million contract with the Diamondbacks.
In a fresh sign of lingering tensions over the Iraq war, Secretary of State Colin L. Powell Thursday rapped European allies who declined to assist a NATO-led Iraq training 
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon speaks to reporters after casting his ballot at the Likud party meeting in Tel Aviv, Israel, Thursday Dec.9, 2004.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe reiterated on Thursday that foreign observers to next year #39;s parliamentary election will come in strictly on the basis of invitation.
OPEC will cut back on oil production early next year in a bid to stave off a further decline in the world price, Kuwait's oil minister said Thursday.
Supreme Court judges in Ecuador lock themselves inside their offices in protest at a decision to sack them.
President Bush says claims that US troops going to Iraq have  poor armour protection are being addressed.
US police say they still have no idea why a gunman shot and killed guitarist Darrell Abbott and three others at a rock concert.
Worldwide Restaurant Concepts sounds like a company that is putting itself up for sale.
Hollywood Entertainment's board wants shareholders to accept the lowest buyout offer. That's called negotiating?
Intel smiles and proclaims all is well. Or is it a daily affirmation designed to keep angry investors at bay?
Sgt. Christian Engeldrum, a New York firefighter who responded to the World Trade Center attack and died in Iraq, was mourned today in the Bronx.
The winners of this year's Right Livelihood Awards - dubbed the "alternative Nobels" - received their prizes Thursday from Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf in a ceremony at parliament.
Reuters - America West Holdings Corp.  on\Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier\ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Thursday  as investors hoping for a year-end rally bought shares.
Plus, Amazon's British invasion, it's showtime for Martha, and GM's desperation gets noisier.
December 9, 2004 - PalmSource Inc. has purchased China MobileSoft Ltd., Nanjing, a vendor of mobile phone software and operating systems.
One billion children - half the world #39;s population of children - suffer from poverty, conflict, HIV and AIDS, according to the United Nations child rights organisation.
In a setback for flu vaccine development, Deerfield-based Baxter International Inc. said today it has suspended enrollment in a late-stage European trial for a cell-based flu vaccine.
US stocks were little changed on Thursday as an upbeat earnings report from chip maker National Semiconductor Corp. (NSM) sparked some buying, but higher oil prices limited gains.
 quot;There #39;s a whole lot of factors that impact statements on speed, and the companies never include them. How far was it transmitted?
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER The crew of the international space station has been ordered to cut calories because the food supply is running low.
deeper than most quakes. Some began just before a relatively large quake last September, they report in this week #39;s issue of the.
As expected, the company unveiled Files 10g, part of the Oracle Collaboration Suite product line, at the OpenWorld user conference here.
It seems someone on the International Space Station has been super-sizing their meals: food is running so low that evacuation has been considered.
The United States welcomed on Thursday Japan #39;s decision to extend the deployment of its forces in Iraq for an additional 12 months.
Iraq #39;s leading Shiite political groups formally announced today that they had formed an alliance to run in the national elections set for late January, saying their 
The outer solar system may not be a cemetery full of dead, frozen bodies, suggest new observations of a large object called Quaoar.
OPEC oil producers have said they will rein in oversupply to bolster falling prices and that the cartel would have to reduce output quotas early next year.
Crude oil prices rose for the second day Thursday as traders worries that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) might trim excess oil output.
Baxter International has pulled its flu vaccine from a clinical trial in Britain because of side effects. Baxter, of Deerfield, Ill.
Harley-Davidson Inc. on Thursday said Jeffrey L. Bleustein will retire from his position as chief executive on April 30 after 30 years at the company.
Oracle today announced Oracle(r) Collaboration Suite 10g with new real-time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
Five advisories issued by security firm Secunia warn that a pop-up attack could expose users to phishing scams on most Web browsers.
AP - Mobile phones are expected to generate greater revenue this year than traditional land lines with the nations of Africa, Asia and Latin America driving growth, a U.N. agency said Thursday.
AP - Camera phones may make great Christmas gifts, but people better not use them for peeping-Tom photos on federal property.
PC World - Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
Reuters - U.S. dieters will soon be able to\count their carbs on mobile phones, the company behind the\Atkins Diet said on Thursday.
Reuters - Low-pitched rumbles from deep under\California's San Andreas fault may offer a way to predict\future earthquakes, U.S. geologists said on Thursday.
Talks between Sudan's government and two rebel groups to resolve the nearly two-year battle resume Friday.
With an eye to North Korea and China, Prime Minister Koizumi's Cabinet is set to pass new guidelines.
A flood of foreign observers is expected for the Dec. 26 rerun of the presidential vote.
Also: Congress OKs private spaceflight bill. News.com Extra
New report on offshoring points to greater acceptance among Australians.
Visiting Indian delegation gets earful from U.S. workers dislocated by outsourcing.
Technology trade groups cheered parts of a comprehensive intelligence reform bill passed by Congress yesterday, but said the government's chief cybersecurity official should have a more prominent position.
Several major industry players and law enforcement agencies are collaborating in a new effort to respond to the rapidly growing phishing problem.
A combination of the heat generated by a laptop and the position of the thighs needed to balance it leads to higher temperatures that can be dangerous to a man's reproductive health.
Oracle yesterday launched its Files 10g content management software, which is part of the Oracle Collaboration Suite product line.
Mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, according to the International Telecommunication Union.
The French government entrusted Thursday two banks, Dutch bank ABN Amro and Societe Generale of France, to place shares on the market for best offers to cut state stake in 
Security researchers warned today of a vulnerability in most Web browsers that could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted Web sites.
After agreeing to sell its PC division to China's Lenovo Group, IBM now faces the task of keeping its corporate and government customers from abandoning its standard-setting brand.
Lycos Europe has axed the distribution of a controversial screensaver designed to target websites that profit from spam, claiming that the company has made its point.
The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.
Bruce McDonald, a little-known Zimbabwean, took the first-round lead on 66 in the European Tour #39;s Dunhill Championship at Leopard Creek Country Club.
Over 1500 experts and politicians from 189 countries discuss global warming scenario after Russia ratified the Kyoto Protocol. Bush is the main target of delegates for his anti-ecological policy.
Chinese network equipment manufacturer Huawei Technologies is beginning to make inroads into the U.S. mobile telecommunications market about three years after establishing a subsidiary here.
Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
US jobless claims rose unexpectedly last week in more worrying news for the labor market, government data showed on Thursday, while other indicators offered more positive signals for the economy.
The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.
It #39;s official, the notorious brawl last month between the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and some fans has resulted in criminal charges.
Asian stocks fell in US trading after Xilinx Inc. and Altera Corp., the largest makers of programmable computer chips, cut their sales forecasts.
AP - No matter how Brian Westbrook gets the ball, he's a threat to score every time he touches it.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- The crew of the international space station has been ordered to cut calories because the food supply is running low.
AP - Denver Nuggets forward Rodney White was suspended without pay for one game by the NBA on Thursday for pleading guilty to unlawful possession of a weapon.
Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Lamar Hunt appears ready to get out of Major League Soccer and sever ties with the Kansas City Wizards.
Talks between Sudan #39;s government and two rebel groups to resolve the nearly two-year battle resume Friday. By Abraham McLaughlin  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
By The Associated Press. Investors resumed their December rally yesterday, looking past higher oil prices and focusing instead on building up their portfolios before the end of the year.
PHOENIX America West Airlines has backed away from a potential bidding war for bankrupt ATA Airlines, paving the way for AirTran to take over ATA operations.
After completing their purchase of mobile phone company China MobileSoft, PalmSource indicated a Linux version of their software would soon be available.
Security have warned about a new Web browser security hole which could allow scammers to launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted websites.
While grid computing vendors Sun and IBM are taking the reins of the utility computing market, the competition is collaborating to provide proof-of-concept projects to improve and showcase their services and offerings.
Dutch international Rafael van der Vaart was stripped of the Ajax Amsterdam captaincy on Thursday after he refused to play out of position in the Champions League game against Bayern Munich.
Washington, DC -- Former No. 1 overall pick Kwame Brown has been suspended by the Washington Wizards for conduct detrimental to the team.
NEW DELHI: Manmohan said India would address all issues with Pakistan, provided General Pervez Musharraf stuck to his commitment to stop terrorism against India.
AP - The Democratic Party has neglected Hispanic voters for a decade and risks severe election losses unless it changes course, Hispanic lawmakers wrote party leaders Thursday.
 ORLANDO, Fla. (Sports Network) - Heath Miller of Virginia  was named the winner of the John Mackey Award as the nation's  top tight end.
AP - Sea turtles stand to gain protection from accidental killings through a new federal policy announced Thursday to require stricter documentation on imports of shrimp and shrimp products.
NEW YORK US stocks were little changed Thursday, recovering earlier losses after an upbeat earnings report from the chip maker National Semiconductor sparked some buying.
ATA Airlines Inc. #39;s future will fall to one of three bidders Friday while a fourth contender, America West Airlines canceled its buyout interest Thursday.
Sales of Nintendos new and controversial, handheld gaming system Nintendo DS are above analysts - and Nintendos -xpectations.
Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
Novell has extended a partnership to sell software for e-mail and other server functions from Netline Internet Service, the companies said Thursday.
Safer Internet Plus, the four-year program proposed by the European Commission in March, will have a budget of \$60 million to combat illegal and harmful Web content.
09.12.04 - By Janne Romppainen: Unlike many perhaps expected beforehand, in the year 2004 the heavyweight division has given the fans plenty of interesting fights.
Colin Montgomerie was thrilled to get an invitation from Tiger Woods to play in his year-end tournament with 15 of the best players in golf.
AFP - National Basketball Association players union leaders met with an arbitrator to have suspensions from a brawl between players and fans reduced but league officials did not participate.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won an important victory within his party today that greatly improves the likelihood his faltering government will survive and proceed with a plan 
They are a billion strong. Diseased, malnourished, uneducated, they are a people on the run from wars that take the lives of their brothers and sisters.
This would appear to be an appropriate time to discuss the potential for Palestinian nonviolence and its ramifications for Israel.
Hugh Osmond, the entrepreneur better known for investing in the food and drink sector, on Thursday night sealed the UK #39;s largest closed life assurance deal with the 
Education: Bleustein holds a master #39;s degree and doctorate in engineering mechanics from Columbia University and a bachelor #39;s degree in mechanical engineering from Cornell University.
IN CASE anyone had forgotten, Jim McDonnell, Danny Williamss trainer, stood up at the last pre-bout press conference here on Wednesday and repeated his 
The Washington Wizards suspended Kwame Brown for one game Thursday for conduct detrimental to the team. Brown will miss Friday #39;s game against the New York Knicks.
Al Qaeda will attempt an attack on a key maritime target in the next 12 months with potentially devastating economic consequences, UK security experts said on Friday.
AP - NO HIKE: President Bush ruled out raising taxes to finance an overhaul of Social Security to help the system survive an impending wave of retiring baby boomers.
The Metropolitan Museum's show is a sumptuous assemblage of animal products used to keep humans warm, make them look good and ratchet up their social status.
Hugh Osmond, the pubs-to-pizzas entrepreneur, is to make a dramatic move into Britain #39;s life insurance market by leading a 1billion cash acquisition 
America West Holdings Corp., of Phoenix, the parent company of America West Airlines, declined to bid for bankrupt ATA #39;s assets Thursday, America West said.
Astronaut, Leroy Chiao, and his crewmate have eaten through more food than Mission Control anticipated. (NASA). By GINA TREADGOLD.
Cisco systems announced on Thursday that it has finalized a definitive agreement to acquire privately held BCN Systems. Cisco had been an investor in the Santa Clara, Calif.
A fghanistan #39;s three-year drive for stability reached a milestone when Mr. Hamid Karzai was sworn in Tuesday as its first popularly elected president.
United Airlines began service between San Francisco and Vietnam Thursday, the first such regular flight to the Asian country in 30 years.
International Business Machines Corp. has shut its cash-balance pension plan to new employees, CBSMarketwatch.com reports. Instead, new employees can contribute 6 percent of their 
It was a telling sign when senior commanders in the Central Command recently started counting the number of Palestinian stone-throwing incidents in the West Bank.
AP - It was difficult for Southern California's Pete Carroll and Oklahoma's Bob Stoops to keep from repeating each other when the two coaches met Thursday.
As a rookie, Eli Manning needs the time to swat away the cobwebs of confusion, the time that almost every young quarterback has needed for one reason or another.
A US marine who turned up in Lebanon after disappearing from Iraq is charged with desertion.
A retired Chilean army colonel is accused of orchestrating the execution of Victor Jara, a singer killed in 1973.
Sudan #39;s government has said it hopes to reach a deal in talks resuming tomorrow with rebels in Darfur, which the UN says is descending into chaos.
The General Motors #39; European unit accepted a deal Thursday to cut as many as 12,000 jobs to end four years of revenue losses, the BBC reported.
We look for the best bargain when we shop for a car or a new coat. But what if you could comparison-shop your prescription medication?
The Board of Control for Cricket in India has confirmed that the Indian cricket team will play in Chittagong after the venue was given the green light by the security delegation sent to Bangladesh.
Lamar Hunt announced on Thursday that he will sell the Kansas City Wizards, opening up the possibility that the club will leave the area for any number of opportunities throughout the United States or even Canada.
AP - Mavericks swingman Michael Finley came off the injured list Thursday in time to start against the Seattle SuperSonics, giving Dallas another scorer besides Dirk Nowitzki.
AP - For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars  #151; an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA announced Thursday.
Peers express dismay that long-term solutions are not forthcoming on disposing of radioactive waste.
Reuters - Maoists rebels set off a powerful bomb in the Nepali capital on Thursday, causing no casualties but leaving a large part of a government building in ruins, police said.
OPEC ministers said Thursday that they were considering curbing output and taking some oil off the market to prevent a price slump.
Advanced Micro Devices managed to reduce the maximum thermal output of its newly released 90 nanometer Opteron server processors by 25 percent compared to the previous generation, the company said Wednesday.
Software company asks appeals court to cancel patent infringement judgment.
When Pittsburg State (Kan.) football coach Chuck Broyles surveyed his roster last August, he was confident he had an offense that could score.
Nintendo has revealed the companies plans to increase by 40 the number of Nintendo DS portable gaming systems shipping in the US before the end of the year.
Through partnerships with leading technology vendors intended to leverage the capabilities of Oracle Files 10g, Oracle has announced evidence of strong support for its content management offering.
Two of the Ford Motor Company's most senior executives retired in a sign that the company's deep financial crisis has abated, though serious challenges remain.
SAN DIEGO (Ticker) - The San Diego Padres lacked speed and an experienced bench last season, things veteran infielder Eric Young is capable of providing.
One day after creating the South American Community of Nations (CSN), a continent wide political-economic bloc, the leaders of South America on Thursday signed the Ayacucho Declaration 
Perhaps it #39;s fitting that the future of the British Grand Prix has been secured after an argument straight from the playground.
Two Heismans, one man. Maybe he #39;s been alone long enough, in the club that claims only him as a member. Time for Archie Griffin to get company?
AP - Some Venezuelan television channels began altering their programs Thursday, citing fears of penalties under a new law restricting violence and sexual content over the airwaves.
AFP - Japan has approved an overhaul of its military policy to take account of threats from China and North Korea and to allow defense exports to the United States.
The US resumes commercial flights to Vietnam, 30 years after the last flight at the end of the war.
Nextel Communications is in advanced talks to merge with the Sprint Corporation, a deal that would form the third largest cellphone company in the nation.
The M.T.A., in an effort to raise more than \$1 billion, wants to sell or lease many of its 14,000 properties.
The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked to curb their calories because of a food shortage, NASA officials said Thursday.
Hong Kong retail investors have flocked to the US\$3bn listing of shops and car parks by the local Housing Authority with nearly one in ten of the territory #39;s 
The country #39;s grain exporter has been busy again, selling its stake of almost 15 per cent in Elders #39; parent company, Futuris.
AP - Katie Gearlds scored 21 points for No. 21 Purdue, which handed 15th-ranked DePaul its first loss of the season, 69-61 Thursday night.
Ariel Sharon, Israeliprime minister, yesterday warned his rightwing Likud party that it would face early elections unless it backed a coalition with the opposition Labour party 
Brazil and Peru have announced a 363m plan for a highway to link Brazil #39;s Amazon basin to the Pacific, raising concerns about further devastation in the rainforest.
Manager Joe Torre repeatedly declined comment Thursday on whether he thinks first baseman Jason Giambi will return to the Yankees, but the Hall of Famer Yogi Berra did not.
The operative word in the National Football League this season is ouch.
Georgetown led for most of the first half Thursday night, before succumbing to top-ranked Illinois, 74-59, at MCI Center.
The NBA declines to participate as Indiana teammates testify before an arbitrator in an attempt to get their brawl-related suspensions reduced.
Toronto star Vince Carter will miss at least two games with a strained left Achilles' tendon, suffered Wednesday in a loss to Detroit.
Ohio State has imposed a one-year postseason ban on its men's basketball team after the university admits former coach Jim O'Brien gave a recruit \$6,000.
Ford announced several high-level management changes yesterday, including the retirement of two stalwarts, its president Sir Nick Scheele and vice-chairman Allan Gilmour, who played 
The cellular telephone industry #39;s game of musical chairs has restarted again - and the music may soon stop with one less chair.
Hugh Osmond, the business man who made his fortune through pizzas and pubs, is at the head of a consortium spending over 1bn to buy the Pearl life insurance business.
Computer animation pioneers Pixar and Dreamworks have set the stage for a potentially bruising box office battle after both studios changed their schedules this week 
Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe #39;s competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal #39;s energy industry on Thursday and 
THE national competition regulator has elected not to oppose Telstra #39;s 3G radio access network sharing arrangement with rival telco Hutchison.
Cisco Systems on Thursday agreed to buy up the remaining portion of routing software startup BCN Systems that it didn #39;t already own.
Rain is continuing to fall around Brisbane, threatening the deciding match in the Chappell-Hadlee one day series between Australia and New Zealand.
The glass doors to the Anaheim Marriott opened into a spacious lobby that was calm early on Thursday afternoon. All but one of the plush chairs near the entrance was 
Shortly before Steve Spurrier appeared at Derrick Williams #39;s Upper Marlboro home on Monday night, the phone rang. It was Ron Zook.
The off-season activity will surely intensify as Major League Baseball's winter meetings officially start on Friday.
Seeking to end the lockout, the N.H.L. Players Association on Thursday offered an immediate pay reduction of 24 percent and other concessions to the league.
Four of the Pacers involved in last month's brawl pleaded their cases before an independent arbitrator on Thursday, but no representative from the N.B.A attended.
Many of Brazil's biggest companies riding high at home are increasingly flexing their muscles on the international stage.
United Airlines (UA) on Thursday launched the first daily flight service to Vietnam from the United States since 1975. The flight represents the first such service by an American air carrier since the end 
Seeking to end the lockout that threatens this season, the National Hockey League Players Association offered an immediate pay reduction of 24 percent Thursday and other concessions 
Reuters - The Indianapolis Colts\signed wide receiver All-Pro Marvin Harrison to a long-term\contract extension Thursday.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization agreed Thursday to increase its forces training soldiers in Baghdad, but six member countries refused to take part, prompting expressions 
US Ambassador to the United Nations John Danforth says the Bush administration has confidence in UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan and is not calling for his resignation.
VISITING US secretary of defence Donald Rumsfeld sent a strong message on Thursday that the second Bush regime was keen on strengthening strategic ties with India.
AP - Sandora Irvin had a career-high 32 points and 18 rebounds to lead No. 23 TCU to an 81-65 victory Thursday night over Oklahoma.
Vulnerable youngsters expelled from schools in England are being let down by the system, say inspectors.
Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe's competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal's energy industry.
THE Australian Rugby Union (ARU) has announced that Perth have been chosen as the fourth Australian team for the expanded Super 14 rugby competition in the 2006 season.
Tiger Woods has taken share of the first-round lead of the Target World Challenge in California with Colin Montgomerie and Jim Furyk.
A leading Shiite political figure showed signs of unease on Thursday about the risks that the continuing violence here poses for the elections.
Federal regulators plan next week to begin considering rules that would end the official ban on cellphone use in commercial flights.
Portsmouth players have installed goalkeeper Shaka Hislop as favourite to follow Harry Redknapp to south coast rivals Southampton.
The Australian Rugby Union chose Perth over Melbourne to host the country #39;s fourth rugby union franchise when the annual Super 12 competition expands to 14 teams from 2006.
A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China killed 33 workers in the 10th deadly mine blast reported in three months. The explosion occurred yesterday at 4:20 pm at Nanlou township 
AP - Tokyo stocks edged higher Friday morning amid some bargain-hunting in technology and auto companies. The U.S. dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Some Venezuelan television channels began altering their programs Thursday, citing fears of penalties under a new law restricting violence and sexual content over the airwaves.
During much of Germany #39;s postwar economic boom, as prosperity mounted and car sales multiplied, workers at the Opel automobile factory here 
Perth has triumphed over Melbourne to win the endorsement of the Australian Rugby Union to establish Australia #39;s next provincial rugby franchise.
New Zealand batsman Mark Richardson said he will retire from cricket next week after a Test career in which he averaged more than 44 runs an innings.
AP - Wayne Simien had 20 points and Keith Langford added 17 in No. 2 Kansas' 93-74 victory over TCU on Thursday night.
Isiah Thomas, the team president, made a call Wednesday to the agent for Karl Malone, the disillusioned former Lakers forward.
Baseball's winter meeting will run through the weekend and could lead to any number of trades and free-agent signings.
An assistant to the university's president said that she had shaved her head to protest the firing of football coach Tyrone Willingham.
Honda Motor Co. has acknowledged a problem with oil filters on CR-V sport-utility vehicles and is taking steps to prevent engine fires caused by oil leaks.
Foundation Coal Holdings Inc. went public yesterday, raising \$519 million, most of which went to the owners of the company.
A chemical compound shelved as a failed treatment for inflammation has unexpectedly become the most promising new tuberculosis medicine to emerge in 40 years.
The competition between two leading Internet search engines is heating up anew as Yahoo Inc. plans to announce today that it soon will offer a free, high-speed way to search for information 
Just when you start to think pro athletes have nothing in common anymore with the customers, along comes the brawl in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Notre Dame guard Charel Allen, left, looks for a shot in front Dayton guard Ashley Armstrong, right, during the second half Thursday, Dec. 9, 2004 in Dayton, Ohio.
A gas explosion at a coal mine in the northern Shanxi Province killed 28 miners and 5 rescuers, the government said on Friday. In the latest in a series of such 
Company provides few details on outage, which came two days after online retail giant Amazon.com Inc.'s Web site faced significant performance problems.
That would likely put the company well behind its bigger rivals in delivering services such as mobile Internet to mobile phones at speeds similar to connections many consumers have on their home computers.
Improvements include new file manager, ability to recognize removable storage devices and an integrated e-mail and groupwware client.
Crude futures rose Friday amid market jitters over possible production cuts by OPEC at their meeting in Egypt, as well as fears that winter weather will put pressure on supplies.
NASA officials said yesterday that the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have to abandon the orbiting 
The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) on Friday selected the Western Australia capital of Perth to be the venue for their fourth team in the expanded Super 14 provincial competition in 2006.
A FILM industry group has sued a high-end consumer electronics company, claiming its home theatre jukebox system makes illegal copies of movie DVDs.
com December 9, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. In a step to keep pace with chief rival Google, Yahoo plans to start testing a downloadable desktop search application in early January.
LAWRENCE, Kan. (Ticker) -- Second-ranked Kansas looks to post its 12th straight win at Allen Fieldhouse when its host Texas Christian on Thursday.
Michelin engineers envision a future in which vehicles would ride on what they call the Tweel, a combined tire and wheel that could never go flat because it contains no air.
AP - Mexican authorities took custody of 74 American youths who were attending two irregularly operated boarding schools and returned them to the United States on Thursday.
Hedge funds are gaining in popularity as they pursue a host of investment strategies.
RAFAH: The wanted leader of a Palestinian militant group and two of his lieutenants survived an Israeli assassination bid yesterday after an air strike targeted their vehicle in the southern Gaza Strip.
Despite the strongest global economic growth since the 1970's and outsized gains in corporate profits, 2004 was a decidedly ho-hum year for international stock markets.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe vowed today not to allow Western observers to monitor next years parliamentary elections, saying only fair-minded countries would be asked to monitor the key vote.
Federal safety regulators have asked DaimlerChrysler AG to recall 600,000 Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks because their wheels could fall off, a Chrysler spokesman confirmed Thursday.
Yahoo Inc. said on Thursday it will begin testing a free desktop search service in early January, following rivals hoping to extend the reach of wildly profitable search-related advertising.
AP - Tiffany Porter-Talbert scored 24 points, and Western Kentucky rallied to upset No. 14 Vanderbilt 85-77 Thursday night.
The Lady Bison, off to their best start in 21 years, improve to 5-0 with a 59-53 victory over visiting Loyola on Thursday night.
SAN FRANCISCO Dec 10, 2004 - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc.
Cisco Systems Inc. (Nasdaq: CSCO - message board) announced late Thursday that it is buying routing software startup BCN Systems Inc.
A secret command that showed the number of connected users of the Kazaa file-sharing software was demonstrated to Federal Court on Thursday.
The New England Patriots offensive coordinator could be interviewed by the Irish as early as Friday, The Boston Globe reported on its Web site Thursday night.
The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) announced on Friday that Perth will host the fourth Australian team in a Super 14 competition to begin in the 2006 season.
Trying to defuse rumours he might be leaving soon, Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan said Thursday night he intends to honour the final four years of his contract.
We now know what it takes to break through the institutional indifference of Major League Baseball to the drug abuse among its players, including its biggest stars.
It took a while for the top-ranked Illini basketball team to find a little traction Thursday night. But when the Fighting Illini dug in -t one point going 
New Zealand opening batsman Mark Richardson on Friday announced his retirement from cricket after returning home from his fruitless tour to Australia.
The Irish Republican Army declared yesterday that it is willing to get rid of all its weapons this month - but only if Protestants drop their demands for photographic proof.
SunTrust Banks, the seventh-largest US bank, yesterday overhauled its management weeks after it restated earnings and fired three executives because of accounting errors.
It seems you are having a problem finding a new coach for the legendary Notre Dame football team. After firing Tyrone Willingham you had your sights set on Utah coach Urban Meyer.
Baghdad - Extremists killed 25 members of the Iraqi security forces, with several of the victims being beheaded, reports said on Thursday.
AP - Cisti Greenwalt had 18 points, 14 rebounds and blocked seven shots to lead No. 13 Texas Tech to a 79-46 victory over Oral Roberts on Thursday night.
AFP - Twelve inmates and eight warders have been injured in a fight at a Malaysian detention camp for terror suspects during a search which turned up a cache of home-made weapons.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents have killed a U.S. Marine in  western Iraq, the U.S. military said Friday.
The UK website of Amazon.com is launching a DVD rental service, the online retailer #39;s first foray into a market pioneered by US- based Netflix.
A proposal to create a senior-level cyber security position at the Department of Homeland Security is killed at the eleventh hour.
Individual investors are struggling to find a balanced approach at an unreliable time for the market.
Sprint and Nextel, two large US mobile companies, are discussing a possible \$70bn merger, according to newspaper reports.
Scott DeSano, Fidelity Investments' super-powerful head of stock trading, and his band of traders are suddenly under the gun.
The hard luck Back Bay Holiday Market at Prudential Center was shut down for about five hours yesterday by the Boston Public Health Commission, prompting one merchant to say she plans to leave.
OPEC will cut back on oil production early next year in a bid to stave off a further decline in the world price, Kuwait's oil minister said yesterday.
Starting next year, International Business Machines Corp. will exclude new workers from its contested cash-balance pension plan and offer them only a 401(k) savings plan.
AirTran and Southwest emerged Thursday as the leading airline bidders for valuable gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, where troubled discounter ATA is selling assets for cash.
Want to make \$27 per hour just to stand around and smile and wiggle your wrists? Plenty of seasonal opportunities exist through Dec. 24.
Reuters - Insurgents have killed a U.S. Marine in\western Iraq, the U.S. military said on Friday.
AP - "Today Ukraine, tomorrow Belarus!" read a banner strung up this week in a tent camp for opposition protesters.
WASHINGTON--NASA officials said Thursday the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have 
Researchers at a British university say they have seen monkeys in South America using stones to dig for food in the wild, a use of tools never previously seen in non-human species.
According to a Samsung release, the device is the most advanced graphics double-data-rate synchronous DRAM available for graphics card makers, as well as game console manufacturers.
Vitali Klitschko #39;s dream was always to fight Mike Tyson. For now, he #39;ll have to settle for fighting the man who last beat Tyson.
Coach Doc Rivers had to have liked what he saw in the first half of last night #39;s game against the Portland Trail Blazers. Gary Payton scored 
A Sunni group that had called for a delay in voting quietly files its slate for balloting.  Seven Iraqis were killed Thursday in clashes in Baghdad and the volatile city of Ramadi.
The Arizona Diamondbacks moved quickly to get a righthanded power hitter with their first free agent signing in what they promise will be a busy offseason.
The Patriots' defense is expecting a challenge Sunday from the Cincinnati Bengals, who have scored 85 points in their last two games.
 quot;Commissioner Tagliabue, it's Commissioner Stern on Line 1. quot;  quot;Who's Commissioner Stern? quot;
The oil producers' group is set to meet, with some members pressing for a reduction oil output.
A new museum in Italy features exhibits that show the link between wine and the place it comes from.
Reuters - OPEC oil producers were poised on Friday\to stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from\record highs.
Nextel Communications and Sprint are negotiating a possible merger, according to a source familiar with the discussions. It was not clear how far the talks had progressed, and 
Dear Tom and Ray: I was pretty freaked out recently to learn that more than 20 2003-04 Honda CR-Vs had caught fire after their first oil change.
Giant planets and broad bands of dust swirl around seven distant stars in new images captured by two NASA telescopes, both built partly in Colorado.
Los Angeles - If you think the freeways around Southern California are crowded, you should see the crowd in the Southern California locker room after a football game.
The Celtics were playing their only national television game of the season last night, so the rest of the country now knows about your club #39;s late-game lapses.
A new round of peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebels from the Darfur region is set to re-open on Friday in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
Newton North cross-country star Chris Barnicle will escape the frigid temperatures of the Northeast for a weekend of sunshine and 75-degree weather in San Diego.
AP - The ritual was replayed from Boston to San Francisco: Exuberant gay couples sharing marriage vows and slices of wedding cake.
Peace talks addressing Sudan's troubled region of Darfur are set to resume in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
An alleged militant in northern Gaza is unharmed in an Israeli missile attack, hours after a similar strike in the south.
\The rate of childhood cancer has slowly increased over the last three decades, research has found.
Las Vegas - Vitali Klitschko #39;s fight with Danny Williams on Saturday will be the biggest heavyweight clash ever - at least in the ring.
With a 7-2 triumph over the United States, impact teens Alexander Ovechkin and Evgeni Malkin place Russia in the World Juniors championship game against Canada.
But Calhoun likes his players and his university and the fact that the Huskies are the defending national champions a lot more. Calhoun was livid with himself and the collective 
BEIJING : Thirty-three workers have been killed in the latest gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine, once again highlighting the appalling safety standards blighting the industry.
SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore #39;s High Court Friday threw a six-week lifeline to troubled China Aviation Oil Singapore Corp. (C47.
Financial group HHG today announced the 1.03 billion sale of its UK life insurance business, which includes the Pearl and London Life brands.
A source close to the negotiations says Oklahoma State football coach Les Miles will take over for Nick Saban in Baton Rouge.
The Suns move their league-leading record to 26-4 behind 50 points from Amare Stoudemire to blow by the Portland Trailblazers on Sunday night, 117-98.
Shares in Centrica have fallen by 7 per cent after the energy company revealed that its British Gas business was to limit rises in bills after losing 900,000 this year.
Oracle announced the creation of Oracle Collaboration Suite, a real-time toolkit enabling enterprises to collaborate and manage content in whole new ways.
Reuters - Online music service Napster on\Thursday said it reached a deal to enter the ringtone market\with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless .
JERUSALEM Israeli security officials say the nation is preparing to hand over security in the northern Gaza Strip to Palestinians well before Israel withdraws from the area in mid-2005.
TechWeb - IBM and Red Hat will work together in helping independent software vendors get application certification on Red Hat's Linux server software.
Ziff Davis - The company says the new version of its SAN virtualization manager can handle all of rival EMC's arrays.
Reuters - A few weeks ago, the crew of an\Indian fishing boat in the Arabian Sea thought they had the\biggest catch of their lives.
Interactive posters at 25 underground stations are helping Londoners travel safely over Christmas.
Shuttle astronauts would do a better job of upgrading the ailing Hubble Space Telescope than robots, say experts.
The amount consumers are charged for making mobile phone calls while abroad is to be investigated by EU regulators.
For the first time since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, a US passenger jet was on its way to Vietnam on Friday. United Flight 869 took off from San Francisco 
PARIS: European shares opened higher on Friday, led by oil heavyweights such as BP ahead of an expected decision by Opec to trim its output.
Citing sharp increases in commodity costs, Community Coffee will increase prices on its trademaker Red Bag coffee for the first time in seven years, the company said.
World News: London, Dec 10 : Cambridge University researchers have concluded that use of tools is habitual in monkeys after collecting the first hand evidence on this score.
As promised, the NHL Players Association on Thursday delivered its strongest proposal to end the lockout. In a move even NHLPA executive director Bob Goodenow admitted 
Baseball officials streamed into the winter meetings hotel all day. Troy Glaus was done for \$45 million before most arrived, Jeff Kent after arrivals.
Political parties are seen as the institutions most afflicted by corruption, according to a survey released by a non-governmental organization that monitors corruption.
At least 33 miners have been killed in a gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine northern Shanxi province. 71 miners were in the mine when the blast exploded, the officials said.
Automaker, unions agree to eliminate up to 12,000 workers to curb losses and save \$665 million a year. By Ed Garsten / The Detroit News.
British Gas owner Centrica says that soaring energy prices will hit margins in some of its key businesses, sending its shares sharply lower.
Sprint, the No. 3 US mobile- phone company, and Nextel Communications are in early talks about a possible merger, people familiar with the matter said.
British Energy, the nuclear generator, said its first-half losse had tripled following the unexpected closure of two nuclear power plants.
Online music service Napster on Thursday said it reached a deal to enter the ringtone market with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless (DWGN.
AFP - US mobile telephone groups Sprint and Nextel are engaged in merger talks which could create the third-biggest US mobile operator worth some 30 billion dollars, according to reports.
\China's security chief tells officials to pay more attention to people's grievances, in the wake of increasing protests.
Iranian movie Beautiful City scoops the main prize at the International Film Festival of India.
The amount consumers are charged for making mobile calls while abroad is to be investigated by EU regulators.
A Pakistani minister reveals hundreds of cases of alleged child sex abuse at religious seminaries, or madrassas.
Wall Street stocks rose Thursday as National Semiconductor Corp. #39;s strong earnings results soothed investors #39; worries over higher jobless rate and rising oil prices.
Digital music provider Napster on Thursday teamed up with Dwango Wireless, hoping to corner a slice of the booming ring tone market.
When choosing a mate, we often look for financial, moral, physical and emotional compatibility. Add one more characteristic to the list: connectivity. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
Sit back on the sofa and get ready for packetized, on-demand, digital broadcasts. By Frank Rose from Wired magazine.
Royal Philips Electronics continued its withdrawal from non-core stakes on Friday by slashing its stake in Atos Origin by more than half.
The British Racing Drivers #39; Club plan to begin work towards improving Silverstone now they have the security of a five-year grand prix contract in place.
The United States will build stronger defense ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld vowed on Thursday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect relations with Washington.
Los Angeles - Deep rumblings many kilometres below the San Andreas fault in California could offer a way to predict earthquakes, US scientists said in a study released on Thursday.
Microsoft began its appeal yesterday against a \$565m judgment that it infringed on a patent held by Eolas, a University of California spin-off.
European stock markets rose in early trade this morning after a late chip-inspired rally on Wall Street nudged investors towards a positive frame of mind.
Reuters - Wall Street was expected to open\slightly lower on Friday but United Technologies Corp. may\climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
With the Blu-ray Disc Association securing non-exclusive backing from Disney, the major Hollywood studios are split down the middle over next-generation DVD.
After winning 13 in a row and 21 of 22 in the series, many by lopsided margins, the seventh-ranked Huskies found themselves locked in a 40-minute struggle.
Houston guard Tracy McGrady has scored 13 points in the final 35 second of the match against San Antonio, to hand his side an 81-80 victory.
\Computer users continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
People continue to ignore warnings about spam and are being lured into buying goods, a report suggests.
Opec looks set to agree a cut in the rampant quota-busting, which its members say has caused oil prices to fall in recent months.
At least six people die and a number of others are hurt in a bomb explosion in the Pakistani city of Quetta.
The share of California homeowners behind on their mortgages in the third quarter slid to the lowest level in 25 years, according to a mortgage industry report.
Astronaut Leroy Chiao is instructed to return by the flight controllers because of a food shortage on the international space station.
Microsoft, Yahoo and Ask Jeeves are all set to jump into the desktop search space, two months after internet search leader Google offered a test version 
Security researchers have warned of a vulnerability in most web browsers that could let scammers launch phishing attacks from pop-up windows on trusted websites.
Striding purposefully but with his head down, Ryan Cushing, the Huntington teenager accused of throwing a turkey that severely injured a passing driver last month, was 
The SDLP has accused Sinn Fin of giving the Democratic Unionist Party a veto over the decisions of nationalist ministers as part of the deal to restore power-sharing.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to open  slightly lower on Friday but United Technologies Corp. may  climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.
 CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  stamp out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
An Australian detainee held at the American base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba has provided a detailed account of torture in a sworn statement.
Shares of Sprint Corp. and Nextel Communications Inc. jumped again on Friday as the telephone companies continued negotiations on a merger that would combine the No.
US consumer sentiment rose in early December, according to a survey released on Friday, as consumers reacted positively to lower prices at the gas pump.
Introgen Therapeutics Inc. reported Friday that it raised an additional \$7.8 million from the same European institutional investors with whom it placed shares Wednesday.
Sewage and rabid animals are hindering the return of refugees to the battered Iraqi city, the US military says.
For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA has announced.
In his infinite wisdom, Bernie Ecclestone has rescheduled the 2005 British Grand Prix in order that it does not clash with the Men #39;s Final at Wimbledon.
Tournament favourite Ernie Els endured a nightmare run on the back nine on Friday to slide down the leaderboard at the Dunhill Championship.
BRADLEY HUGHES returned to Huntingdale after a six-year hiatus to remind everyone why he was once considered the next big thing of Australian golf.
A coherent argument can usually be made in support of the view that the World Cup doesn #39;t really begin until the knock-out stages get going.
One professional hockey player says the NHL players #39; association offer to end a lockout is a lot of money out of a guy #39;s pocket to be giving up.
Few would have believed that Everton would enter Saturday #39;s 200th Merseyside derby with Liverpool seeking second place in the premier league.
Taiwan votes on Saturday to choose a new parliament in a ballot that could shape its future relations with China.
At least 10 people have been killed and at least 18 others wounded after a bomb exploded near an army truck in Quetta, southwestern Pakistan, police and hospital sources say.
THE US has switched direction on the future of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, announcing yesterday it supported his tenure and was not calling for his resignation.
 #39;should #39;. This year they seem to have foundered on a photograph. In 2003, Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams said the Provisional 
Kidnappers have released two truck drivers, one from Bangladesh and the other from Sri Lanka, after holding them hostage in Iraq for more than a month.
A Palestinian girl is reported killed by Israeli fire, hours after mortars aimed at a Jewish enclave hurt four.
Delphi Corp., the world's largest automotive supplier, said Friday it would cut 8,500 jobs next year.
BT finance chief Ian Livingston will replace former  retail head Paul Danon at the UK telecoms giant, the company announces.
The French prime minister says a French-language satellite TV news channel will be launched next year.
Camera phones may make great Christmas gifts, but people better not use them for peeping-Tom photos on federal property.
Federal officials are concerned that terrorists could try to down aircraft by blinding pilots with laser beams during landing approaches.
India's drive to adopt a western economic model is threatening those who make their living from the jungle.
Toronto - Thursday #39;s meeting between the NHL and the NHL Players #39; Association wrapped up after nearly four hours with the two sides agreeing to meet again.
DALLAS - Southwest Airlines Co. says it is bidding at least \$100 million for gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport and other assets of ATA Airlines Inc.
Two little-known firms will join Russia gas monopoly Gazprom in the auction for the key unit of stricken oil giant Yukos, federal authorities say.
Vodafone Group will start Internet roaming trials this month with Connexion by Boeing, The Boeing Co.'s in-flight broadband Internet service, the companies said Thursday.
The FIA have confirmed an unprecedented 19-race schedule for the 2005 Formula One season. All of the 2004 races have been retained, with Turkey joining the calendar for the first time.
Anil Kumble was thrilled after becoming the leading Indian Test wicket-taker on the first day of the first Test against Bangladesh in Dhaka.
The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize, environmental activist Wangari Maathai, received her award Friday to the beat of drums and 
The state health service, political parties, tax officials and the media top Greeks list of perceived corruption, according to a global survey published yesterday by the Transparency International graft watchdog.
Handheld gaming device debuts in Japan this weekend, but won't be available in U.S. until next year.
Company, one of the core backers of Blu-ray, will also support its rival format.
R2, an interim release, will begin beta testing later this month.
After being left out of the Orange Bowl, Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville hopes a Sugar Bowl win over Virginia Tech can earn his Tigers a share of the national title.
Microsoft #39;s monthly patch day for December will produce security updates for five vulnerabilities affecting Windows users, the company said Thursday.
Two drivers - Antonio Pizzonia and Nick Heidfeld -re chasing the final seat at the BMW Williams team and as everyone knows, two into one simply does not go.
The company has formed an agreement with mobile developer and publisher Dwango Wireless to launch the service - Napster Mobile - across the US and Canada in 2005.
Microsoft has started recruiting testers for the first beta of Windows Server 2003 R2, an update to Windows Server that the vendor plans to ship in October next year.
Maybe with its relative distance from Microsoft, Lenovo will feel free to do what domestic PC makers don #39;t: aggressively make and market Linux desktops and laptops.
Iraqi kidnappers have released a Bangladeshi truck driver after holding him hostage for more than a month, a foreign ministry official said on Friday.
Struggling grocery giant Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. forced out president and chief executive Frank Lazaran on Friday and named Peter L. Lynch, a former Albertsons Inc.
My guess is that no relationship has made Bill Parcells, the quintessential North Jersey guy, as happy as the one he found next door, with the Giants.
Two astronauts face a not-so-merry Christmas after being told to ration their food and hope a cargo ship with extra supplies docks on December 26.
Why would Bobby Lowder invest so much money into Auburn University and have so many ties to the football team's chaplain?
Buffalo's offense, which had led the way to six straight victories, was inefficient in a defeat to Pittsburgh.
Italy is awaiting the verdict in the long-running corruption trial of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. In this guide we examine what is at stake.
Iraqi militants have released a Sri Lankan truck driver and his Bangladeshi colleague after holding them hostage for 43 days, the foreign ministry said Friday.
The Jets are taking uncertainty - more than anything else - into the postseason. They will play the Chargers in an A.F.C. wild-card game on Saturday.
Television listings company Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. has named a Fox Entertainment Group vice president, Rich Battista, as chief executive, succeeding Jeff Shell, who resigned.
Reuters - Iraq is still too dangerous for Russian\companies to work there, President Vladimir Putin was quoted as\saying on Friday.
Spain #39;s Anti-Violence Commission have asked the country #39;s football federation to open a disciplinary case against national team coach Luis Aragones.
AP - President Hosni Mubarak said reports of a deal with Israel were exaggerated and denied that the Egyptian ambassador would soon return to Tel Aviv, a leading newspaper reported Friday.
Reuters - The Anaheim Angels have\reportedly agreed to a contract with veteran free-agent\outfielder Steve Finley.
AFP - Members of an international solidarity group trying accompanying humanitarian assistance to the Gaza Strip abandoned their trip after a standoff with security forces, a member of the group said.
Consumer attitudes showed more signs of improvement heading into the holidays as an early reading on consumer sentiment in December beat expectations.
Kenya says it  has started to repossess millions of hectares of land acquired illegally since independence in 1963.
an improvement compared with the previous month #39;s surge, but still fresh evidence that inflation is picking up as the economy gains momentum.
The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been put on a diet because they are running out of food, it emerged today.
com December 10, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. When Cisco Systems unveiled its latest and greatest network router in May, it trumpeted the event as a watershed.
Ericsson said Friday that it received contracts to build wireless communications networks in China and South Africa. China Telecom Corp.
Guy, a former Utah State assistant coach from 1992-94, has spent the last four seasons as the defensive coordinator and linebackers coach at Arizona State.
An apparent terrorist bombing in southwestern Pakistan has killed at least nine people and injured a dozen others. Police say a bomb attached to an abandoned bicycled explode at a crowded 
AP - A 79-year-old woman has been caught attempting to smuggle heroin out of Colombia on a flight to New York, police said Friday.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Security certificates used to detain suspected terrorists like Adil Charkaoui are constitutional, the Federal Court of Appeal ruled Friday.
More than 250 hunts will meet legally the day after the ban on hunting with dogs comes into force, campaigners say.
Music download sewvice Napster will try to claim a piece of the growing market for mobile phone ringtones through a partnership with Dwango Wireless, which specializes in wireless content.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon phoned the leader of the Labor Party, Shimon Peres, this morning and asked him to begin talks on forming a coalition government, Israel Radio reported.
Insurgents pressed their campaign against Iraqi security forces, killing 18 members of the Iraqi National Guard and a civilian.
Secretary of State Colin Powell bid a nostalgic farewell on Thursday to the NATO Western security alliance he first served as platoon commander facing down the Soviet army 46 years ago.
The fall in crude oil prices has begun to reach UK consumers, with supermarket Morrisons sparking a potential price war in the run up to Christmas.
Learn a little about yourself, and it may improve your performance.
United Airlines Flight 869, from San Francisco, arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon, at shortly after 10:00 pm Friday (10 am EST).
The owners of Airbus approved the launch of a new A350 passenger jet Friday to rival Boeing #39;s 7E7, a spokesman for Airbus parent EADS said.
BCN Systems #39; routing architecture will be used to to speed development of converged networks for data, voice, and video. By Networking Pipeline News.
The NHL Players #39; Association handed the NHL a strong proposal Thursday it believes can not only salvage the season but more importantly address all of the league #39;s economic issues.
Velimir Zajec aims to register a hat-trick of Barclaycard Premiership victories for Portsmouth at Newcastle tomorrow. And if it had all been within the same calendar month the man 
The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize accepted her award on Friday. She urged her audience  quot;to embrace the whole creation in all its diversity, beauty and wonder.
Israeli gunfire left a 6-year-old girl dead Friday in the Kahn Younis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian medics said.
The European aircraft manufacturer Airbus today announced plans for two versions of a wide-bodied passenger jet, which will see it go head-to-head with US competitor Boeing.
 LOGAN, Utah (Sports Network) - Brent Guy, a former Utah  State assistant, has been named the 25th head coach of the  Aggies.
 CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Friday agreed to  squeeze out excess supply that has lowered world prices from  record highs.
Maybe things would be different for Delphi if it had the forward vision of its ancient Greek namesake.
AP - Online DVD rental leader Netflix Inc. is putting social networking on its marquee of coming attractions for next year.
Sharman Networks - the company behind peer-to-peer file sharing outfit Kazaa - has denied it is able to block users who use the service to share child pornography.
New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis may have a golden opportunity to head to the Golden Dome. Seeking a successor to Tyrone Willingham 
AFP - Sterling remained weak after disappointing trade data as the US Dollar held firm against major currencies.
AFP - Sprint and Nextel were reported to be in merger discussions for a blockbuster deal that would reduce the number of major players in the US wireless industry to four.
The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize was today presented with her award in Oslo against a backdrop of drums and dancers.
Assailants set off a powerful time bomb next to an army truck parked in a teeming outdoor market in southwestern Pakistan on Friday, killing at least 11 people and injuring 
AP - Reggie Bush usually comes off the bench for No. 1 Southern California. He'll start at tailback for the Trojans against Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl.
Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko says there will be no political witch-hunt if he becomes president.
Mike Smartt, founder of the BBC News website, picked up his OBE at Buckingham Palace on Thursday.
Microsoft is appealing a \$565 million judgment awarded to Eolas, a spinoff of the University of California, in a patent infringement case.
Outside security researchers say Windows Service Pack 2 has security vulnerabilities, but no confirmation from Microsoft. By George V. Hulme.
MADRID, Spain -- Spain #39;s anti-violence commission has demanded the Spanish Football Federation open disciplinary procedures against national coach Luis Aragones.
Taiwan #39;s ruling Democratic Progressive party has promised to pass sweeping economic and political reforms if it gains control of the legislature for the first time in Saturday #39;s election.
World News: Dhaka, Dec. 10 : Iraqi kidnappers have released a Bangladeshi truck driver after holding him hostage for more than a month, a foreign ministry official said on Friday.
Fool contributor Tim Beyers finds that when it comes to stocks, it might pay to be Scrooge.
Delphi Corp. said Friday it plans to cut 8,500 jobs -- or 4.6 percent of its total work force -- worldwide next year as part of an ongoing restructuring.
US producer prices - a measure of wholesale inflation - rose by a faster than expected 0.5 in November, seasonally adjusted Labor Department figures showed this afternoon.
Microsoft plans to release patches for five Windows flaws next week, the software giant announced Thursday. The company posted the information on its TechNet site as part of a new program that gives the general 
Johannesburg, 10 December 2004 - Mobile operator MTN has announced a strategic partnership with Ericsson, which will become its partner of choice for its third-generation (3G) network.
AP - Peyton Manning set yet another NFL passing record Sunday, finishing the season with a rating of 121.1, more than eight points better than Steve Young's previous mark.
PALESTINIANS fired mortar rounds into a Gaza Strip settlement today, wounding at least two Israelis, one of them a child, the army said.
Japan has taken another step towards freeing itself from military restrictions in place since the end of World War II. The changes are a significant retreat from the pacifist policies that 
After years of self-doubt and housecleaning in the wake of Enron, corporate America has gotten a bit of swagger back in its step.
The United States and Russia are making contingency plans for an emergency evacuation of the two-man crew aboard the International Space Station .
Anil Kumble is thrilled after becoming India's leading wicket-taker in Tests.
Prices are heading up for the firm's trademark cigs. Is it party time for investors?
The real estate company seems to have the right results and the right investors.
Crude oil fell on skepticism that members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will enact promised production cuts.
As the awards season approaches, it's time again to hand out the prizes for executive incompetence.
Siemens (Quote, Chart) will acquire wireless LAN technology player Chantry Networks to fill out its HiPath lineup, executives said Thursday.
Minnesota Vikings coach Mike Tice said yesterday that there are only two or three college coaching jobs that might lure him away from the NFL.
Baseball has barely started breathing again since Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi admitted to using steroids - a scandal that froze the industry for an entire week.
Siemens AG has acquired Chantry Networks, a step that will extend its enterprise offerings and Voice over Internet Protocol into the wireless local area network space.
update The US Supreme Court on Friday said it would hear a controversial case on whether file-sharing software companies could be held legally responsible for copyright infringement on their networks.
With help from software giant Microsoft Corp., officials tracked down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the Internet, including an MBA that was issued to a housecat.
Oklahoma was tied with Texas A amp;M in College Station, Texas, having already come back from three 14-point deficits. The Corps was screaming.
AP - A Venezuelan military plane crashed in a mountainous region near Caracas on Friday, killing 16 poeple, including high-ranking officers, a top government official said.
TWO truck drivers from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka kidnapped in Iraq by the same militant group that claims to be holding two French journalists have been released by their captors, officials said today.
Lazio will have to play their next European home game behind closed doors following racist abuse by their fans, UEFA has announced.
The Heisman Trophy comes with wings, a tail, a flight crew and jet engines. Boeing and Airbus are fighting over its manufacturing rights.
Imperial Sugar appears to be a lot sweeter than it was a year ago, but challenges remain.
Disappointment is the usual sentiment for Ciena shareholders -- except for yesterday.
Reuters - The U.S. government posted a  #36;57.88\billion shortfall between receipts and outlays in the month of
It seems that every time I write about the telecommunications industry, my thoughts slip back to my proud days at the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s Equity Group.
Federal safety regulators have asked the carmaker to recall Durango Sport utility vehicles and Dakota pickups in the model years 2000 to 2003.
AP - The Transportation Security Administration is slightly altering the way airport screeners conduct patdown searches by allowing passengers to put their arms down after their upper bodies are checked.
AP - China appointed a party official who has never worked in sports to oversee the preparation of athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
AP - Air Force guard Dan Nwaelele will play Saturday against No. 3 Georgia Tech after being cleared of allegations that he cheated academically.
The Ohio Supreme Court rejects former Indians outfielder Milton Bradley's appeal of a three-day jail sentence he received after driving away from police who were trying to give him a speeding ticket.
Vail Resorts said Friday that a drop in real estate revenue contributed to a wider loss in the first quarter, one of the company #39;s slowest times.
Stuart Pearce has placed an early claim on the Manchester City job when Kevin Keegan steps down as manager in 18 months #39; time.
Minnesota Vikings head coach Mike Tice said that there are two or three college football jobs that could lure him from the NFL, according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
When Peyton Manning breaks the single- season NFL record for passing touchdowns, an event that will likely occur this Sunday, I won #39;t go nuts celebrating the man.
E-mail users looking to strike back at spammers by installing a controversial screensaver are getting more than they bargained for.
American sprinter Michelle Collins has been hit with an eight-year suspension for using a cocktail of banned drugs EPO, testosterone and the designer steroid THG.
Sri Lankan truck driver Dinesh Rajaratnam taken hostage in Iraq last October has been released along with his Bangladeshi colleague Abul Kashem, the Foreign Ministry confirmed yesterday.
AP - Other measures related to transportation security, besides expanded use of government watch lists on flights, cruises and at airports, included in the intelligence overhaul legislation:
A military plane crashes in a mountainous area of Venezuela, killing 16 people.
Maybe the reason so many coaches have steered clear of the job at Notre Dame is that they got a look at the people they would be working for, and under what circumstances.
A Venezuelan military plane crashed in a mountainous region near Caracas on Friday, killing 16 poeple, including high-ranking officers, a top government official said.
Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said customers of its iTunes online music store can now use eBay Inc.
Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. said on Friday it replaced Chief Executive Jeff Shell, credited with steering the company through a patch of legal woes, with a Fox 
There may not be a happy holiday in space because Russian and American astronauts have been told to ration their food supply for the next few weeks, until a space shipment can reach them.
Microsoft #39;s long-planned new file system is likely still many years away from being a part of the company #39;s server operating system.
The Valdosta State Blazers nearly didn #39;t get to the NCAA Division II national championship game against Pittsburg State in Alabama.
The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
Russia  quot;would only be too glad quot; if Ukraine joined the European Union (EU), Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday, the Interfax reported.
America West Holdings Corp. (AWA) on Thursday said it would not bid for assets of bankrupt carrier ATA Airlines, saying the value does not justify the cost.
Absent sales from the killer titles published by Microsoft and Rockstar, November sales would have dropped more than 20 percent. With the two, revenues rose 11 percent.
Los Angeles-based music downloading service Napster has partnered with another company to sell mobile phone ringtones, ITObserver.
Citing security risks, a state university is urging students to drop Internet Explorer in favor of alternative Web browsers such as Firefox and Safari.
Cisco Systems today confirmed that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held BCN Systems, a Californian networking software design firm.
Japan #39;s government will ease a four- decade ban on weapons exports, opening up new markets for Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.
Japan is preparing for the long-awaited launch of Sony #39;s answer to the Nintendo DS, the PSP. The target for the PSP launch is this coming Sunday.
Cold, dusty discs of debris have been clearly detected around stars in other planet-harbouring solar systems for the first time by NASA #39;s Spitzer Space Telescope.
Oil prices fell to four-month lows on Friday even though the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries moved to curb production above its official 27 million barrel-per-day output ceiling.
com Staff. DreamWorks Animation Studios announced it was pushing the release date for its highly anticipated feature Shrek 3 from November 2006 to May 2007.
AP - Archie Griffin wouldn't mind sharing his claim to fame. The former Ohio State tailback is the only player to win two Heisman trophies, receiving his second in 1975.
Today, both Apple and Paypal have announced that the iTunes music store in the US will now accept Paypal purchases for anything on iTunes.
Deep beneath the San Andreas Fault in central California, the ground has been erupting in strange, faint tremors that last up to 20 minutes, scientists reported Thursday.
Is it possible to win a playoff spot, in this era of aerial supremacy, without a single wide receiver posting 40 catches for the season?
Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov on Friday emphasized Russias right to conduct preventive strikes against terrorists anywhere across the globe, suggesting it has become common 
RBC, 10.12.2004, Moscow 19:51:19.Russian President Vladimir Putin approves of the possibility of Ukraine joining the European Union.
AP - The Italian team Lazio was ordered Friday to play its next European game without fans as punishment for a game last month marked by racial taunts from the stands.
Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio calls an early general election to end "crisis of credibility".
Bryan Randall, who led a team picked sixth in the preseason to the title,is named The Associated Press ACC player of the year.
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks kept busy Friday, signing free-agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year deal a day after agreeing to terms with third baseman Troy Glaus.
NEW YORK - Who should be held responsible for the use of peer-to-peer software program to trade copyright music and video files on the Internet?
Bank of America plans to move an additional 300 jobs from its Wealth and Investment Management businesses to Boston. The bank was sharply criticized after it cut jobs at former Fleet branches in Massachusetts.
AP - Tiki Barber won the NFL yards from scrimmage title and set the New York Giants' all-time rushing record in Sunday night's game against the Dallas Cowboys.
Oklahoma quarterback Jason White has taken home the Maxwell Award as college football #39;s best all-around player and won his second straight Davey O #39;Brien quarterback trophy.
Phoenix, AZ -- The Phoenix Suns Friday placed Jake Voskuhl on the injured list after the center had an emergency appendectomy surgery.
Oakland, CA -- The Orlando Magic activated forward Pat Garrity from the injured list on Friday and placed forward Brandon Hunter on the IL with a hyperextended right elbow.
UN humanitarian agencies report thousands of people displaced for the second time in a month because of fresh outbreaks of fighting in Sudan #39;s Darfur region.
AP - Some of the main leaders in the United Iraqi Alliance:
AFP - The US Supreme Court agreed to hear a case on whether music-swapping services can be held liable for copyright infringement if their networks are used for illegal digital copies.
Ukraine's presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko is having tests in Austria into his mystery illness.
A report out yesterday from the International Telecommunication Union says that mobile phone users have doubled since the year 2000.
That #39;s what Philip Morle told an Australian court, and he ought to know--he #39;s Sharman Networks #39; chief technology officer.
Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - The Phoenix Suns Friday placed Jake Voskuhl on the injured list after the center had an emergency appendectomy surgery.
An Arizona man who claims his car was attacked by Mike Tyson, said on Friday he will drop his criminal complaint against the ex-heavyweight champion for damaging the vehicle outside a local nightspot.
A US soldier has pleaded guilty to murdering a wounded 16-year-old Iraqi boy. Staff Sergeant Johnny Horne was convicted Friday of the unpremeditated murder 
APART from the decision to relax the 1976 military exports embargo, Japan #39;s National Defence Program Outline is not a revolutionary document.
Payment system Paypal announces a tie-up with Apple's iTunes as it continues to secure new business with online retailers.
VODAFONE faces losing its last opportunity to gain an independent foothold in the US as the bidding war for Sprint, Americas top US mobile operator, heats up.
THE first commercial flight between the United States and Vietnam since their war 30 years ago landed yesterday to open a new chapter of cultural and economic exchange between the former foes.
ROBERT ZOELLICK, the United States Trade representative, suggested last night that talks to settle the EU-US trade dispute surrounding subsidies paid to Boeing and 
The Arizona Diamondbacks kept busy Friday, signing free-agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year deal a day after agreeing to terms with third baseman Troy Glaus.
AFP - Britain congratulated Ghanaian President John Kufuor on his election victory, and praised the west African state for holding free, fair and transparent elections.
AP - President Bush's main focus during a White House economic conference next week will be big damage awards in lawsuits and the federal deficit, the White House said Friday.
More than 1,400 Colombian paramilitaries hand over their weapons to the country's government.
The Insurance Institute For Highway Safety has released new side-impact crash test results for small sport utility vehicles. The 2005 Honda CRV earned a good rating along with the 2005 Ford Escape.
In a press tour on Friday, Microsoft senior vice president for Windows Server Bob Muglia updated the Windows Server release schedule for next year.
Christmas time in southern California is strange. Charlie Brown #39;s tree here is a palm. And as the Baseball Winter Meetings opened 
AP - Brett Elliott started eight games for Utah before breaking his wrist early last season.
Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is jailed for 16 years
Sprinter Michelle Collins is suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal.
Wanting another bat to support their young players, the Rangers agree to a \$5 million, one-year contract with Richard Hidalgo.
Maybe you #39;ve noticed already this holiday season - Salvation Army bell ringers are not standing in front of as many stores as they did last year.
Microsoft quietly delivered a first private beta release of Windows Server  quot;R2 quot; to the first of about 1,000 testers Wednesday, company officials confirmed Friday.
falling repeatedly for spam scams that promise software at fire sale prices. In fact, one in five consumers surveyed bought software 
The faint tremors, which were detected beneath the town of Cholame, are similar to those discovered in the past two years in Japan and the Pacific Northwest.
Colin Montgomerie walked off the 18th green in a tie for the lead with Tiger Woods at the Target World Challenge, and someone told him the tournament was in his hands.
ALTHOUGH the world and his wife might be telling him otherwise, Arsne Wenger prefers to back his own judgment, thank you very much.
This is not original reporting. All facts have been gathered from ESPN, the Associated Press, Fox Sports Net, The Indianapolis Star, and The Washington Post.
A US soldier pleaded guilty at a court martial yesterday to killing a severely wounded 16-year-old Iraqi boy during fighting in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district.
Disney announced yesterday that it will support Blu-Ray as its choice for the next generation optical format, instead of the HD-DVD.
Yahoo Inc. plans to release in January the beta version of a desktop search application, as the giant web portal looks to catch Google Inc.
Militant nationalists have claimed responsibility for a bomb blast in southwestern Pakistan that killed at least 11 people Friday.
NEW YORK The holiday season is an especially busy time for global travelers intent on delivering gifts to friends and relatives from faraway places.
InfoWorld - Desktop search has its sights set on corporate PCs, leaving enterprise IT wary of potential security issues associated with the highly anticipated tools.
AP - The Bush administration said Friday it will allow developers to complete construction and other projects even after belated discoveries that the work could endanger protected species.
&lt;strong&gt;Votes, Bits Bytes&lt;/strong&gt; Boston bound? Speak your brains at our Andrew
&lt;strong&gt;Votes, Bits Bytes&lt;/strong&gt; Meetup founder puts Pugs against Repubs
Bad weather forces the US to cancel the first full flight test of its national missile defence system in nearly two years.
Payment system Paypal announces a tie-up with Apple's iTunes as it continues to secure new business with online retailers.
Peoplesoft nominates its four current directors to retain their seats on the company board as it bids to see off a takeover by Oracle.
While crows have a reputation for being clever birds, research now suggests they could be as intelligent as great apes.
AP - Guatemalan academics will create a university dedicated to rescuing and developing the ancient knowledge of the country's majority Mayan cultures, the nation's president said Friday.
Small ISPs worry that a FCC decison could take away their ability to offer DSL.
A Webcast lets you hear directly from major commentators on shipping work abroad.
Martin Frankel,  who defrauded insurance companies out of more than \$200m is sentenced to more than 16 years in jail.
A fingertip test could detect patients in the earliest stages of heart disease, US scientists have claimed.
Cisco executives told analysts this week that the company plans to take data center virtualization into areas such as application-aware switching and will partner to provide systems management software.
Although many IT managers have accepted paying premium prices for Cisco's networking devices, some users and analysts said Cisco products aren't quite as pricey as they used to be.
Sprint declined to comment on rumored merger talks with Nextel Communications, first reported yesterday.
Worms, viruses and Trojan horses will remain a top security concern in 2005, according to executives at this week's CSO Interchange forum in New York.
Two months after Internet search leader Google offered a test version of a desktop search tool, Microsoft, Yahoo and Ask Jeeves are all set to follow suit.
Hugh Osmond, the pubs-to-pizzas entrepreneur leading the , yesterday outlined a vision of delivering much better investment returns to policyholders stranded in closed with-profit funds.
Serena Software this week announced improvements to its enterprise change management system, Serena ChangeMan Dimensions.
JBoss on Monday plans to flesh out details of its open source middleware stack consisting largely of existing software technologies, with the company intending to fill out the stack over time.
Lower courts had ruled that the companies are not liable for copyright violations committed by users.
Clinton Portis was fined \$5,000 by the NFL for wearing a pair of red socks last week, violating the league's uniform rules.
A Canadian man arrested in the U.S. was allegedly responsible for putting 68,000 hacked smart cards on the street.\
AP - The Anaheim Angels rounded out their starting outfield Friday, agreeing to a  #36;14 million, two-year contract with center fielder Steve Finley.
Major League Baseball players finally came to their senses this week, telling their lawyers to reach an agreement on tougher testing for steroids.
Environmentalists around the world are holding their heads a little higher. Wangari Maathai is being honored for her work in preserving the earth.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slid on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
A nonpartisan group that includes advocates for business, labor, consumers, and the environment gave a significant nudge this week to the effort to craft a national energy policy.
The office in charge of cyber-security in the Department of Homeland Security is planning to continue moving ahead on the agenda the agency has already set.
Armed men abduct more than 80 women from a shelter for rescued sex workers in Cambodia's capital.
Some are undoubtedly asking - Why another Notre Dame article? Hasnt every media hack in the United States and even China written something on this the last two weeks?
As lacerating as Victor Conte Jr.'s remarks were about widespread doping in elite sport, his appearance on the ABC program was also puzzling to legal experts.
A U.S. report warns that an increase in poppy cultivation will expand the influence of drug lords on Afghanistan's government.
A panel absolved Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy of corruption charges, ending a trial that had dragged on for more than four years.
The move by Southwest was a sign of the competition that is emerging in the low-fare segment of the industry.
In the Enron bankruptcy tale, one of the more intriguing sideshows involves the fate of Portland General Electric, the only energy-producing asset Enron actually owned.
The MBNA Corporation has decided that it should ask for permission before switching its customers' credit cards to American Express cards.
Despite a knee injury that ended his season, the Chiefs' Priest Holmes says he is "definitely 100 percent" planning to be back for 2005.
Airbus was given the go-ahead yesterday by its shareholders - EADS and BAE Systems - to start marketing its planned A350 mid-range aircraft to airlines, heralding 
Wholesale prices increased 0.5 percent in November, reflecting the biggest jump in natural gas costs since March 2003, the Labor Department said yesterday.
NEW YORK Stocks rose slightly on Friday as a rise in consumer confidence was offset by an unexpected jump in US producer prices, spurring inflation concerns.
Though Vern Holm is just getting into the wine business, his enterprise could be greatly impacted by the overturning of a prohibition-era law.
TORONTO (CP) - With an injured Vince Carter on the bench, the Toronto Raptors dropped their sixth straight game Friday, 101-87 to the Denver Nuggets.
Pedro Martinez is still available, and the New York Mets still believe they have a realistic chance to land him.  quot;Do we have hope of signing him?
Poppy cultivation and opium production will continue to increase in Afghanistan, expanding the dangerous influence of drug lords at all levels of the government of President 
No. 10 Pittsburgh suffers its first loss of the season Sunday to Bucknell, 69-66. The defeat snaps the Panthers' 48-game non-conference home winning streak.
AP - Just down the road from the Magic Kingdom, major league teams toyed with trades and focused on free agents as the winter meetings began Friday.
AP - Carl Pavano probably won't return to the Florida Marlins but needs time to choose among the six American League teams that have courted him.
Anyone seeking the secret of Chelsea #39;s success this season need have witnessed only one moment in training yesterday, a second #39;s play that exemplified the spirit, individual 
CARACAS, Venezuela - A military plane crashed in the mountains near Caracas on Friday, killing all 16 people on board including two high-ranking military officers, officials said.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency received an important validation when sprinter Michelle Collins, 33, received an eight-year suspension on Friday.
In the deadliest year for journalists in a decade, 54 reporters and crew are killed around the world.
Aside from scoring public relations points with its latest offer, the players union has forced N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman to make a difficult decision.
A merger between Sprint and Nextel would create a powerful new cellular competitor with some 39 million customers.
The F.D.A. is demanding that Chiron provide more information about its plans to fix widespread sanitary problems at its flu vaccine factory in England.
Grant Hill missed a game for the first time in this season Friday night, a precautionary move because of a badly bruised right shin.
The story of the hawks evicted from their perch on a Manhattan building serves as a reminder of the power of co-op boards.
The industry has run into regulatory, political and economic pressures that may drive it out of Canada altogether.
Sprint is near a deal to acquire Nextel Communications for more than \$34 billion in a transaction that would lead to further consolidation in the rapidly changing telecommunications industry 
Taiwan votes Saturday in high-stakes legislative elections likely to reinforce President Chen Shui-bian #39;s drive to bestow more trappings of independence on this self 
The VCR, family home companion around the world during the 1980s and 1990s, is finally slipping into oblivion after a long, slow fall from favor.
DHAKA - Leading Indian wicket-taker Anil Kumble yesterday brushed aside criticism over his unique bowling style, saying he is a leg-spinner with a difference.
Turkmen president moves the remains of his family to a newly-built mausoleum in his home village.
The Supreme Court, accepting urgent pleas from the recording and film industries, agreed on Friday to decide whether the online services that enable copyrighted songs 
Online shoppers are still willing to buy products advertised in spam, indicating that the problem is unlikely to desist anytime soon, a new survey shows.
If Jason White is named the Heisman Trophy winner he will be one of two players who have gotten the prestigious award twice. Former Ohio State tailback Archie Griffin is the only player to 
There might not be much love between Nets #39; captain Jason Kidd and his former coach, Byron Scott. But Kidd obviously wanted to make sure everybody on press row 
Maryland men's soccer team loses in the semifinals of the NCAA tournament for the third straight year, this time 3-2 to Indiana in overtime.
Kevin Garnett narrowly misses a triple-double with 35 points, 18 rebounds and nine assists as Minnesota outlasts Sacramento, 113-105, on Friday night.
The organization said that since a U.S. assault last month, sewage was flowing in the streets and hundreds of bodies apparently lay in a warehouse.
Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will bring 300 more jobs to Boston as part of its wealth management unit.
Europe fears its exports will be choked off by the dollar's decline, while American manufacturers are rejoicing.
The Supreme Court agreed on Friday to decide whether online services can be held liable for enabling copyrighted songs and movies to be shared freely.
For the first time since the Vietnam War ended, a US commercial airliner landed in Vietnam on Friday night, marking another milestone in the improving relations between two former enemies.
Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings said on Friday that Blockbuster has more to lose in the war for online DVD renters than emerging foe Amazon.
Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will bring 300 more jobs to Boston as part of its wealth management unit. The decision comes after the bank agreed 
Israeli soldiers killed a seven-year-old Palestinian girl yesterday when they fired at Palestinians in the Khan Younis refugee camp in Gaza.
Severe weather caused by global warming can pose greater physical danger to women than men, a Canadian attending a UN conference on climate change said Friday.
Leaders of the Group of Eight (G8) industrial nations and about 20 Arab countries across North Africaand the Middle East are scheduled to meet on Saturday here to discuss reforms 
Talking kitchens and vanities. Musical jump ropes and potty seats. Blusterous miniature leaf blowers and vacuum cleaners -- almost as loud as the real things.
AP - One week ahead of their showdown with Seattle, the Phoenix Suns tied the SuperSonics atop the NBA standings.
AP - A new penal code approved by Venezuela's Congress would stiffen prison sentences for slander and libel, drawing criticism from opponents of President Hugo Chavez.
Reuters - Sachin Tendulkar smashed his 34th test century to equal Sunil Gavaskar's world record in the first test against Bangladesh on Saturday.
Aside from scoring public relations points with its latest offer, the players union has forced N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman to make a difficult decision.
Allan Houston made his season debut for the Knicks, and although his comeback was successful enough, the night was not.
Colin Montgomerie walked off the 18th green in a tie for the lead with Tiger Woods at the Target World Challenge on Friday.
The Patriots are expected to run all over the Cincinnati Bengals tomorrow at Gillette Stadium. At least that is what the statistics indicate.
Few schools boast a list of faculty and alumni as distinguished -- or as eclectic -- as Brandeis University.
Texas linebacker Derrick Johnson wins the Butkus Award on Friday night as the nation's best linebacker.
A US soldier is jailed for three years in a plea bargain after the murder of a severely wounded Iraqi teenager.
Pakistan says it has arrested the head of a militant Islamic group suspected of kidnapping UN workers in Afghanistan.
Army commanders ordered a Patriot missile battery to shoot down a Navy jet during the invasion of Iraq last year after mistaking the aircraft for an incoming Iraqi missile, a military investigation concluded yesterday.
PARIS -- Holiday on ice takes on new meaning high above the rooftops of Paris doing figure eights inside the Eiffel Tower.
The Air Force is scheduled to launch a new Delta 4 rocket on Saturday in a test that will help determine whether it can become a vehicle to carry billion-dollar military satellites.
NASA officials have asked the two astronauts aboard the International Space Station to stretch their food supplies until a cargo ship arrives in a couple of weeks with fresh groceries.
Huge waves and freezing rain hampered efforts on Friday to search for six missing crew members from a wrecked freighter that was spilling its oil into the Bering Sea.
The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked to curb their calories because of a food shortage, NASA officials said.
Less than a month after posting a hefty drop in quarterly earnings, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle agreed yesterday with its regulator on steps to improve its performance.
Centrica, the owner of British Gas, has lost nearly 1 million customers this year after rising fuel costs forced it to increase energy bills.
Anyone who has followed the telecom market in recent years knows that this hypercompetitive industry is badly in need of consolidation.
The classic power struggle between Walt Disney Co. CEO Michael Eisner and former feared talent agent Michael Ovitz makes for high drama in the courtroom - and apparently on cable.
Reuters - Thousands of Bangladesh opposition activists have gathered on Saturday in cities and urban centres to form an unprecedented 900-km "human chain" to demonstrate no-confidence in the government.
India's Sachin Tendulkar ties the record for Test centuries, against Bangladesh.
Canada on Sunday confirmed its second case of mad cow disease, just days after the United States said it planned to reopen its border to Canadian beef.
Thomson announced its decision, on Thursday, to introduce HD DVD players, HD DVD and Blu-Ray discs in the market sometime next year.
Five months ago, Danny Williams beat a shadow. Tonight, he'll try to beat a mountain. Don't bet against the mountain.
Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees are reportedly closing in on acquiring free-agent starting pitcher Carl Pavano.
Older, somewhat run-down with a little rust showing, Allan Houston is like the  #39;57 Mustang collecting dust in your garage. It still runs.
A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for murdering a severely wounded Iraqi teenager earlier this year, the US military says.
A bomb planted by suspected Pakistani nationalists killed 10 people and injured at least 21 when it exploded near a military truck in the city of Quetta on Friday, officials said.
The Supreme Court agreed yesterday to hear the entertainment industry #39;s case against two Internet-based file-sharing services through which millions of people swap music and movies online, a 
Oracle Corp. on Friday said it will report fiscal second-quarter earnings three days early to allow more flexibility in testimony related to its hostile bid for rival PeopleSoft Corp.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell prescribed a cautious approach to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict Friday, saying substantial steps toward creation of a 
Arab, Muslim and Western nations gather in Morocco on Saturday in an effort to promote economic and political reform in the Middle East that is widely seen within the region as US meddling.
Boeing's huge Delta 4-Heavy rocket, set for lift-off on Saturday, may play a role in life after the space shuttle.
The US says it has started a new offensive against Taleban and al-Qaeda militants, ahead of a planned poll.
Sprint Corp. is close to an agreement to buy Nextel Communications Inc. for about \$35 billion in a mostly stock deal that would combine the No.
The president of European plane maker Airbus said on Saturday he hoped to win around 50 orders for the new wide-body jet A350 by next June.
Former financier Martin Frankel was sentenced to 16 years and eight months in prison Friday for masterminding a scheme to loot insurance companies of more than \$200 
United Airlines will cut its US flight capacity 14 after the busy holiday season and add international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
The first launch of the Decatur-built, Boeing Delta IV heavy-lift rocket is scheduled today at Cape Canaveral Air Station in Florida.
FORMULA One #39;s governing body has confirmed the threatened British, French and San Marino Grands Prix on a crowded 19-race calendar for next year.
Australian David McKenzie upstaged some illustrious rivals with an eight-under-par 64 to lead going into the final round of the Australian Masters in Melbourne.
Description: After months of stalemate and the loss of 400 games, players make a new offer to the National Hockey League involving acceptance of a 24 percent salary cut.
He doesnt start for No. 1 USC, and ranks second on the team in rushing and receiving. Hesa sophomore, and the previous winners have all been juniors or seniors.
A new penal code approved by Venezuela's Congress would stiffen prison sentences for slander and libel, drawing criticism from opponents of President Hugo Chavez.
Across most of Amman you could hear the guns blasting out their ceremonial salute, as King Abdullah arrived for the state opening of the Jordanian parliament just a few days ago.
A PALESTINIAN presidential candidate was arrested by Israeli authorities for allegedly attacking a border guard at a roadblock near Jerusalem, his party said.
The lives of thousands of Holocaust victims are coming to light in a new database that allows anyone with an Internet connection to research the fate of family members and friends sent to Nazi death camps.
The highly classified program has provoked opposition from lawmakers questioning its necessity and rapidly escalating price.
Sachin Tendulkar was thrilled, but not satisfied, by his record-equalling 34th test century against Bangladesh in Dhaka on Saturday.
A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for killing a severely wounded Iraqi teenager, the US military said today.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is hoping its traditional  year-end "Santa rally" will pick up steam in the week ahead.
The messy fight between the recording industry and online music swappers will be decided by the Supreme Court, which agrees to hear the case next spring.
Airbus has received approval from its shareholders, EADS and BAE Systems to begin making firm commercial offers to launch customers for two new members of its wide-body Family.
Altria Group Inc. #39;s Philip Morris USA has started to increase cigarette prices, providing what some analysts consider the first sign of life in the US cigarette market since 2002.
AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew said Saturday the lack of a clear reason for his uncle's death raised suspicions the Palestinian leader died of "unnatural" causes.
MELBOURNE golfer David McKenzie today will try to duplicate the aggressive approach which netted a sensational eight-under 64 at Huntingdale yesterday.
The death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a month ago appears to have created a new atmosphere for possible renewal of peace efforts in the Middle East.
The airline has requested use of the gates in a bid to the federal bankruptcy court of Indianapolis for certain ATA Airlines Inc. assets.
Austria #39;s Werner Franz finally collected the maiden World Cup downhill victory of his career Saturday, becoming the first man to beat Bode Miller in the discipline this season.
Secretary of State Colin Powell on Saturday said Middle Eastern economic and political reform would help defeat terrorism but many Arabs dismissed 
Industrial milk prices are on the raise but it #39;s not clear how that will affect the cost of dairy products at your grocery stores.
The Palestinian elections committee said Saturday that Israel #39;s arresting of a Palestinian presidential candidate is unconcealed interference.
Ukraine opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko's mystery illness was caused by poisoning, doctors say.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner links the pursuit of peace with environmentalism and a shift in humanity #39;s thinking. BY DOUG MELLGREN.
United and Delta airlines on Friday matched an airfare increase that American Airlines launched, but it wasn #39;t clear whether other competitors would follow.
South London fighter Danny Williams is bidding to reclaim the WBC world heavyweight title for Britain when he takes on champion Vitali Klitschko in Las Vegas.
Round about 400 arms smuggling tunnels linking Egyptian Sinai to Palestinian Gaza under the Philadelphi border route have been unearthed and destroyed in the last couple of years by Israeli forces.
AP - A close political ally of Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi was convicted of ties with the Sicilian Mafia on Saturday and sentenced to nine years in prison.
AP - Taiwan's pro-independence parties were defeated in legislative elections Saturday, a result sure to please Chinese leaders who regard the island as part of the mainland.
Evertons matchwinner Lee Carsley insisted the great team spirit at Goodison Park was the key to their Merseyside derby victory over Liverpool this afternoon.
The Somali parliament on Saturday passed a no-confidence motion against the newly-appointed prime minister and his cabinet, according to an informed senior Somali official in Nairobi.
The nephew of late Palestinian leader says Yasser Arafat's medical file does not end rumours about his death.
Federal safety regulators and DaimlerChrysler are sparring over a problem with Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks. The government believes the defect could 
The lobby of the host hotel is typically considered the hub of activity at Major League Baseball #39;s annual winter meetings, despite the fact that most of 
NEW DELHI: India #39;s merchandise exports in November 2004 have registered a record increase of 26 over the same month last year.
Aaron Goldin, this week #39;s Person of the Week, won the grand prize at the Siemens Westinghouse Competition in Math, Science and Technology.
International donors urged Rwanda on Friday to exercise restraint in its relations with neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo amid reports Rwandan soldiers had crossed the border to attack rebels.
Belfast used to be a place where you dreaded walking past an abandoned car on a lonely street for fear it might blow up. These days, Belfast is a bustling city 
Rangers romped to the top of the Scottish Premier League with a 3-0 win over Dundee on Saturday and were later paired with arch rivals Celtic in the Scottish Cup third round.
 ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - The Boston Red Sox have  signed free agent pitcher David Wells. The deal is believed to  be for two years.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reached out to his opposition rival with an invitation to enter discussion on forming a new coalition government.
Sprint is close to an agreement to buy Nextel for more than \$35 billion in a mostly stock deal, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday.
AP - Dallas receiver Keyshawn Johnson broke his left ankle in the second quarter of the Cowboys' game against the New York Giants on Sunday night.
For the first time, NASA scientists have observed planet-containing solar systems with disks of dust orbiting their central stars, astronomers announced Thursday.
Andre Ingram scores 20 points to lead American past Delaware, 64-58, on Sunday as the Eagles snap a two-game losing streak.
Yankees General Manager Brian Cashman did not go to the winter meetings last year because George Steinbrenner, the principal owner, wanted to protect the team #39;s secrets.
London - Everton emerged from the 200th Merseyside derby on Saturday with a long-awaited victory over Liverpool and their credentials as genuine contenders for a Champions League place significantly enhanced.
UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines said Friday it is following through on its plan to cut \$2 billion in costs by cutting back domestic flights and non-union salaries.
Bayern Munich did just enough to claim the honorary title of Bundesliga winter champions on Saturday, snatching a 2-2 draw at home to VfB Stuttgart just as Schalke 
You could be forgiven for thinking a military coup has just taken place on the south coast of England. Sven Goran Eriksson, Rupert Lowe and some other bloke.
England hopeful Stewart Downing failed to catch Sven-Goran Erikssons eye today - because the England boss had already left St Marys when the winger produced his spectacular 
Two people are killed and many injured in an explosion at a concert by an Indian star Shahrukh Khan in Sri Lanka.
Ghana's newly re-elected president vows to dedicate his second mandate to tackling poverty.
Burma's ruling junta says it is releasing 5,070 prisoners who were arrested "inappropriately".
The Russian Orthodox clergy are engaged in an intense debate over providing spiritual guide to internet users.
Bernard B. Kerik, the former homeland security secretary nominee, said he faced an "ugly" process of confirmation.
South America is turning the largely untapped frontier heartland of the continent into the world's new breadbasket.
Two sisters in the 70's lost their life savings, childhood home and dignity to their nephew's crack habit.
The luxury market, which, only a few years ago, was struggling, has come back with a bang for the holidays.
Reuters - Toronto Raptors All-Star\swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday\after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'\tendon.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers went back to the top of the Scottish Premier League (SPL) Saturday with a 3-0 demolition of Dundee.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger insisted he is not surprised by Jose Mourinho turning Chelsea into title contenders - as Claudio Ranieri had already laid the foundations for success.
Israel's opposition Labour party authorises its leader to begin talks on joining a national unity government.
AP - Everton beat Liverpool 1-0 Saturday on Lee Carsley's goal in the 68th minute to move into second place in the Premier League.
The autumn championship is on the line as Bayern Munich host title challengers VfB Stuttgart needing a win to be declared Herbstmeister.
A grenade exploded at a concert of Indian movie stars and entertainers in Sri Lanka #39;s capital Saturday, killing at least two people and injuring 15, officials said.
Captials prospect Alexander Ovechkin leads five different goalscorers as Russian edges the touring NHL World Stars, 5-4, in Moscow on Saturday.
Former Colts quarterback Bert Jones has lent advice and guidance to fellow Ruston, La., native Patrick Ramsey on everything from hunting to deal with life in the NFL.
The Boeing Co. is welcoming a decision by its European rival to build a plane that can compete with the Chicago company #39;s 7E7.
Taquan Dean scored 22 points, Francisco Garcia added 19 and No. 13 Louisville withstood a late rally to beat Florida 74-70 Saturday.
A distinctly African setting framed the award of this year #39;s Nobel Peace Prize to the first woman from that continent to receive the prestigious honor.
A military plane crashed in the mountains near Caracas, killing all 16 persons on board, including two high-ranking military officers, officials said.
The \$9.5 billion program is facing criticism. It could take photographs only in daylight hours and in clear weather.
Senior Arab officials attending a US-sponsored conference in the Middle East rejected the Bush administration #39;s assertion that greater democracy would help end terrorism 
AP - Illinois apparently is going to spend a little longer at No. 1 this time.
The contract offer that Indians general manager Mark Shapiro had made Friday to left-hander David Wells got turned down, as Wells agreed to a two-year deal with the Red Sox.
AP - Patrick Sparks scored 16 points and No. 10 Kentucky dominated Indiana inside in a 73-58 win over the Hoosiers on Saturday.
Wizards forward Kwame Brown returns to practice following his one-game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team last Wednesday.
AP - Dusty Baker believes Barry Bonds didn't know the substances provided by his trainer were steroids.
At least two persons were killed and 18 injured when a bomb exploded at the fag end of a concert in Colombo by Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan.
Maryland sophomore forward Hassan Fofana has decided to leave the school, coach Gary Williams announces Saturday.
The symbolism was extraordinary. Few companies are as closely identified with corporate America as IBM, and few products have been as intimately linked with a firms fortunes as IBMs personal computers.
Yahoo, Inc., world-class leader in online search queries, announced its plans to reveal desktop search feature in January, which will go through testing in the designated month.
Astronauts aboard the International Space Station have been asked by NASA to ration their food supply until a cargo ship with fresh supplies arrives on, or about December 25.
The Air Force is scheduled to launch a new Delta 4 rocket here Saturday afternoon in a test that will help determine whether it can become a  quot;heavy lift 
Colin Montgomerie will take a two-stroke lead into the final round of the Target World Challenge as he attempts to capture his first victory of the season.
David Wells, the pitcher who once fancied himself as the ultimate Yankee and the ultimate Yankee fan, will be on the other end of the most storied rivalry in baseball 
Auburn Hills, MI -- Paul Davis poured in a game-high 20 points as 20th-ranked Michigan State rolled over Stanford, 78-53, at the Palace of Auburn Hills.
BAGHDAD: A US soldier was sentenced to three years in prison for murdering a severely wounded Iraqi teenager earlier this year, the US military said on Saturday.
Foreign ministers from the Arab world met with leaders from the West on Saturday at a conference dedicated to advancing political change in this region.
(Ramallah, West Bank-AP) Dec. 11, 2004 - Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has given Palestinian leaders his uncle #39;s medical records.
NEW YORK -- Oklahoma quarterback Jason White (pictured, below) hopes to do something only one other college football player has ever accomplished: win a second Heisman Trophy.
AP - Emmitt Smith waved and bowed to the crowd Sunday as he walked off the field for what might be the final time as an NFL player.
(Washington-AP) Dec. 11, 2004 - Thousands who own Dodge Durangos and Dodge Dakota pickups will have to go back to dealer in the near future.
Everton boss Dave Moyes insists his team are now genuine title contenders after yesterday #39;s 1-0 win over Merseyside rivals Liverpool.
AP - Brett Favre might start a game with a rookie center for the first time in his 14 NFL seasons.
The first time I saw Ian Paisley, I was carrying a camera. He kept shaking his fist and grimacing at me every time I lifted it from my waist.
AP - Roger Clemens accepted the Astros' offer of salary arbitration Saturday, meaning he will either pitch for Houston next season or retire.
AP - Jamie Broback scored 21 points and led No. 16 Minnesota to its seventh straight win, a 69-42 victory over Santa Clara on Saturday.
As baseball finds itself struggling to control the steroid issue, its past serves as a cautionary tale.
David Wells, the pitcher who once fancied himself as the ultimate Yankee, agreeed in principle to a two-year contract with the Boston Red Sox.
Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning is one beneficiary of the N.F.L.'s decision this season to enforce its rule limiting defensive contact with receivers.
What if somebody had offered the Babe a magic potion to cure hangovers and help him lose weight and buff up those spindly calf muscles of his?
Starting pitchers are plentiful this off-season, more so probably than at any time during the 28 years of free agency.
Portugal's Prime Minister Pedro Santana Lopes announces the government's resignation.
The Downtown Athletic Club is about to name a Heisman Trophy winner for the 70th time and set off yet another controversy.
The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed yesterday to cut the supply of oil to world markets and defend higher prices in spite of concern about 
So much has changed since I left Chelsea for the south coast 15 months ago. For instance, only two players from the starting XI of my last game are still there - and one 
Despite the impressive job David Moyes has done in transforming Everton during his two-and-a-half years as manager, cult status was always going to be withheld 
The parent companies of Airbus SAS yesterday approved the launch of a \$5.3 billion new airplane by 2010 to compete directly with Boeing Co.
AP - Carl Pavano decided Saturday he wanted to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York closed in on a four-year contract worth about  #36;39 million.
Kenyan Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai receives the Nobel Peace Prize from Nobel chairman Ole Danbolt Mjos in Oslo City Hall.
11 December 2004 -- At least three high-ranking Iraqi police officials were killed today as scattered violence was seen throughout the country.
Dennis Hastert, the speaker of the House, is the man President Bush is counting on to enact an ambitious second-term agenda.
AP - Paul Davis cleared his mind and a strong performance followed.
Carl Pavano decides he wants to pitch for the Yankees, and his agent and New York close in on a four-year contract worth about \$39 million.
Roger Clemens accepts the Astros' offer of salary arbitration Saturday, meaning he will either play for Houston next season or retire.
Arizona coach Lute Olson gets his 1,000th victory Saturday as the No. 15 Wildcats knock off visiting Utah, 67-62, in Tuscon.
Ray Reed scores 10 points and Georgetown holds San Jose State to a season-low point total in a 58-40 win over the Spartans.
Reuters - Toronto Raptors All-Star\swingman Vince Carter was placed on the injured list Friday\after tests revealed a mild strain of his left Achilles'\tendon.
AP - Notre Dame is negotiating with New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis to become its new head coach, the Chicago Tribune and two other newspapers reported Saturday.
The American Secretary of State, Colin Powell, says, Middle Eastern economic and political reform will help defeat terrorism. With continued violence in US-occupied Iraq and the Palestinian question unresolved 
Public fears over young people carrying knives could prompt new government restrictions.
AP - Matt Leinart replaced a Heisman Trophy winner and became one himself.
ANAHEIM, Calif. - John Smoltz might rejoin the Braves rotation if Atlanta finds another closer. Saturday afternoon, they did just that.
David Wells made the surprising decision to sign with the Boston Red Sox, Carl Pavano picked the New York Yankees and Roger Clemens narrowed his choices to the Houston Astros or retirement.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is hoping its traditional  year-end "Santa rally" will pick up steam in the week ahead.
Nowhere are the conflicts of interest for financial services conglomerates more potentially lucrative - and more obscure - than in the management of pension assets.
The idea that letting people invest some of their Social Security money in the stock market will allow for higher returns is as flawed as a perpetual motion machine.
Through an increasing number of new investments, you can take steps to limit future erosion of your home's value.
Profits are up, but recently, a number of for-profit colleges have faced inquiries concerning the way they pursue federal funds.
USC quarterback Matt Leinart scrambles out of the pocket against UCLA during the game at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., Saturday, Dec. 4, 2004.
Yasser Arafat #39;s nephew has turned over the late Palestinian leader #39;s medical records to a committee investigating the cause of his uncle #39;s death.
AP - Florida State wide receiver Lorne Sam will not be available for the Seminoles when they play West Virginia in the Gator Bowl on Jan. 1.
AP - Apple Computer Inc.'s online music store, iTunes, will now accept PayPal for purchases of music downloads, audiobooks and gift certificates.
AP - On a damp, gray weekday morning on the Patuxent River, Harry Huseman is working hard for a few oysters.
The likelihood of Barry Larkin playing for the Nationals appears dim following a meeting between Bowden and Larkin's agent.
AP - Iran and the European Union will begin comprehensive talks on Tehran's nuclear activities next week, official media reported Saturday.
A transport system used by the malaria parasite to infect blood cells could be a target for new treatments, scientists hope.
In the 69-year history of college football #39;s most prestigious award, a freshman has never won the Heisman Trophy. I voted to change that in year No.
a \$21 million, three-year contract, but there may be a hitch in the deal. New. hasn #39;t determined whether he passed it or failed it.
Today at Freedom Hall, Patrick Sparks scored 16 points as the tenth-ranked Wildcats dominated the Hoosiers inside in a 73-to-58 victory.
Two people were killed and at least 18 injured when a bomb ripped through Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan #39;s mega concert in Colombo on Saturday night.
BAGHDAD - A US soldier was sentenced to three years in jail for the murder of a wounded Iraqi teenager in Baghdad in August, the US military said on Saturday.
 LISBON (Reuters) - The Portuguese government resigned on  Saturday to avoid turf battles with President Jorge Sampaio in  the run-up to snap elections in February.
The New York Yankees are close to finalizing a four-year deal for between \$39 million and \$42 million with free agent pitcher Carl Pavano.
Behind a career performance from Crystal Erwin Notre Dame defeats visiting Washington, 72-58. Erwin hits all nine of her field goals and scores a career high 24 points.
Jason Thomas matches a career-high with 26 points and American wins its fifth straight by beating visiting Ohio, 64-55, Saturday at Bender Arena.
  LONDON, Dec. 11 -- Family and friends gathered at Westminster Cathedral Saturday to remember Margaret Hassan, a respected aid worker abducted and believed murdered in Iraq.
 A holding period that is said to vary widely, from days to months, depending on the terms between each insurer and each broker.
a special layer of software designed to let people enjoy their digital photos, music and videos from across the room -- has to rank as one 
At least four Iraqi police officers were killed and 16 American soldiers were wounded Saturday in a string of insurgent attacks across central and northern Iraq, military officials said.
Description: Sprint is about to acquire Nextel in a telecom merger that would create the nation #39;s third-largest wireless company.
AP - Keith Langford had 19 of his 24 points in a torrid first half that propelled second-ranked Kansas over Louisiana-Lafayette 96-51 Saturday night.
Drinking alcohol impairs driving ability by disrupting depth perception, researchers find.
AP - A magnitude 5.7 earthquake jolted the British Virgin Islands, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico on Saturday, the Puerto Rico Seismic Network said.
AP - Rival factions in Congo's postwar army battled in the eastern region of the vast nation Saturday, killing several people, a top military official said.
Richard Jefferson scores 19 in the second half, and Travis Best has a season-high 21 to lead the Nets to a 95-90 victory over the Hawks.
A series of car bombings, ambushes and assassinations across the country's most restive regions Saturday killed several civilians, police and clerics.
During the last couple days, the Notre Dame football coaching search has seemed to focus on former Irish quarterback Tom Clements and Notre Dame graduate Charlie Weis.
The man who led a bloody occupation of a police station in Peru says his followers will surrender on Monday.
AP - Travis Diener scored 29 points despite playing with a sprained ankle, and led unbeaten Marquette past No. 24 Wisconsin 63-54 Saturday night.
A second-half strike from Benjani gave AJ Auxerre a 1-0 victory at struggling Olympique Marseille ina French first division soccer match on Saturday.
RIVAL factions in Congos postwar army fought gun battles on the vast nations eastern border with Rwanda yesterday, killing several people, a top military official said.
The political crisis in Ukraine has touched off a fresh debate inside the White House and foreign policy offices over how President Bush should handle Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s increasingly 
It may be the season of shopping, but time is running out for the Season of Giving. The Salvation Army is in desperate need of more volunteers to ring bells and collect money.
DHAKA - Sachin Tendulkar was thrilled, but not satisfied, by his record-equalling 34th Test century against Bangladesh in Dhaka yesterday.
Even self-proclaimed penny-pinching folks like me who loathe the way Christmas has become so commercialized can lose their common sense.
Washington area homeowners living in historic districts are rapidly taking advantage of  substantial federal income tax write-offs under obscure easement trust plan.
Oil Ministers representing countries in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) met in Cairo, Egypt, and agreed to end the over quota production.
Quiet for more than a month after their historic triumph, the Red Sox have sprung to life this weekend, signing David Wells and moving forward on several other fronts at the baseball winter meetings.
The 70th Heisman Trophy went to quarterback Matt Leinart, and it went to illustrate the comprehensive heyday in progress in the Southern California football program.
AP - Los Angeles Dodgers general manager Paul DePodesta believes several options will be available if star third baseman Adrian Beltre decides to play elsewhere.
AP - Nikki Blue had 22 points and Noelle Quinn added 21 as No. 18 UCLA defeated Fresno State 92-76 on Saturday night.
Interim Notre Dame football coach Kent Baer completed his team #39;s third postseason practice Friday morning, and is only beginning to prepare for the Insight Bowl.
 KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - The Seattle Seahawks  have placed starting offensive tackle Chris Terry on injured  reserve with a shoulder injury.
US Airways #39; struggle to survive began 27 years ago, with a visit from economist Alfred Kahn. This is one in an occasional series about the rise of US Airways, the 
At the beginning of the week, those following the Notre Dame coaching search were convinced that the next name closely linked to the school would be the man to get the job, largely because 
Quarterback Matt Leinart won the 70th Heisman Trophy by a comfortable margin over Oklahoma running back Adrian Peterson, the first freshman to finish second.
It used to be that a board of directors could show up once a month, listen to a couple of presentations and leave it to the CEO to make most decisions.
With one of the most coveted individual prizes for an NFL quarterback almost in hand, Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts is thinking team.
HARRY Redknapp admitted he might as well have been reading a detailed job description as he watched his new charges at Southampton blow a two-goal lead against Middlesbrough.
Although a Sprint-Nextel combination is being characterized as a \$36 billion merger of equals, published reports describe the emerging transaction as a purchase by Sprint.
Jason White (right) congratulates USC quarterback Matt Leinart (left) moments after the announcement of Leinart as the 2004 Heisman Trophy winner.
MELBOURNE: Australian athletes could boycott the Melbourne 2006 Commonwealth Games Village because of fears that it might be overcrowded, noisy and hot, a newspaper has reported.
In heavyweight boxing action, Vitali Klitschko stopped Danny Williams tonight in Las Vegas tonight to retain his WBC heavyweight title.
AP - Floods caused by monsoon rains forced the evacuation of thousands in eastern Malaysia on Sunday.
A new report on ecological damage from greenhouse gases dominated the sidelines of a UN conference on global warming Saturday as delegates from nearly 200 nations 
Tom Coughlin will not bear the brunt of the Giants' failure. The team is looking to the players that span two coaching staffs and two unbearable seasons.
United Airlines will decrease capacity on about 30 routes from Denver as it reduces US flight capacity by 14 percent and adds international flights to focus on more profitable routes.
The traveling  #39; #39;Windows on Wheels quot; exhibition, parked at dusk outside the Micro Center electronics palace on Memorial Drive, is jam-packed with 
Notre Dame was close to hiring New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis as its new coach, a university source said Saturday night, but the deal was not complete and still could fall apart.
Portugal, already reeling from an alarming economic decline, plunged deeper into crisis Saturday when the conservative government quit a day after the president dissolved parliament and called an early general election.
AU-sponsored peace talks on Darfur crisis are to be resumed at the Nigerian capital, Abuja, a spokesman for the continental body told reporters.
A Russian-built cargo spacecraft, Progress 16, had been scheduled to deliver fresh food, water and other supplies to the ISS last month, but the mission was delayed until late December.
At least two Burmese dissidents are among thousands of prisoners being freed by the military government in a third mass release in less than a month.
Police in Britain are questioning nine men in connection with an alleged plot to defraud hundreds of thousands of pounds from the UK national lottery and children #39;s charities.
Near the end of a very good year for his mutual funds, Ron Baron is talking about cutting his losers.
Stripes are back. Solid red is out. And purple (indigo, to you, buddy) is the new power blue.
Mass-production greeting cards are store-bought sentiment. They are meant to convey endearing words to a friend or loved one on a special occasion.
AP - Palestinian militants fired three mortar shells and a homemade rocket toward Jewish settlements in the northern Gaza Strip on Sunday, the army spokesman said.
Sachin Tendulkar hits a career-best 248 not out as India gain a lead of 342 over Bangladesh.
By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Rising residential real estate values have been a blessing for many households.
This happened a year ago, after USC capped its regular season with an all-afternoon assault on the Oregon State end zone. Outside the Coliseum, the parents of some Trojans players celebrated 
The winner, Werner Franz of Austria, was second out of the starting gate, and did not suffer from the biting cold and harsh wind faced by the later runners.
As a perpetual losing franchise, the Clippers have been known to find motivation in strange places, especially when they are far out of the playoff race.
The fact that Tomjanovich took no flight before the contest and actually was in Staples Center may have been lost on the Laker coach.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- As it turned out, Joe Torre trumped Curt Schilling in the Carl Pavano sweepstakes.
AKRON, Ohio -- Michigan multimillionaire Dan Gilbert wants into the club, and he's prepared to spend mightily to enter.
You don #39;t have to hit Major League Baseball or its Players Association over the head with a bat for them to take baseball #39;s drug problems seriously.
MANILA : Philippine movie star and former presidential candidate Fernando Poe has slipped into a coma after suffering a stroke, a spokesman said.
Carl Pavano decided he wanted to be a Yankee, and his agent and team officials worked to complete a four-year deal for about \$39-million.
Romanians started to cast ballots in a second-round run-off vote on Sunday to elect a new president for a five-year term. About 17,560 polling stations across the country 
A MAN killed by a shark on the Great Barrier Reef was spearfishing amid a shark feeding frenzy, a crew sent to rescue him said today.
The Air Force scrubbed its planned launch of a new Delta 4 rocket on Saturday afternoon when engineers were unable to fix a computer system designed to fire the engines.
The fires set at a development on a wetland in Maryland have highlighted a long and contentious battle over whether the injection of suburban density belonged there.
A CLOSE political ally and business associate of Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi was jailed for nine years yesterday for colluding with the Mafia.
The so-called next-gen filesystem to come from Microsoft is really looking to earn that generational distinction, and in more ways than one.
The dynamic 24 percent payroll rollback proposed by the NHL Players Association last week was simply another gambit in the NHL #39;s labor dispute.
Arab leaders rebuked the United States yesterday for its policy toward Israel, saying US efforts to curb Muslim extremism and promote democracy in the Middle East could 
Round 1: Vitali Klitschko opened his WBC heavyweight title defense with a diet of left jabs, cutting Danny williams #39; right eye early.
Two fans attending a concert staged by a mega Indian film star were killed late on Saturday night with a dozen suffering injuries, police said early Sunday morning.
Canada confirms that a cow from the province of Alberta has tested positive for mad cow disease.
Reuters - A huge explosion rocked the southern\Philippine city of General Santos on Sunday, killing 13 people\and injuring at least 60 at a public market, police and\witnesses said.
Unions consider strike calls over government plans to raise public sector workers' pension age.
WASHINGTON -- Saddam Hussein was dead broke, the result of UN penalties. Or so it was thought.
Ukraine #39;s Vitali Klitschko left Danny Williams battered and bruised on Saturday, stopping the Briton in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown.
Bangladesh slumped to 36 for five at tea on Sunday as India closed in on a victory which could yet be completed within three days.
Myanmar #39;s ruling military junta announced Saturday that more than 5,000 prisoners have had their sentences suspended and will be freed from various prisons around the 
Israel #39;s cabinet agreed on Sunday to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials said.
Reuters - Romanian Prime Minister Adrian
EU Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson has launched top-level negotiations to avert a damaging economic war between America and Europe over subsidies for aircraft maker Airbus.
Vitali Klitschko of Ukraine stopped Danny Williams of Britain in the eighth round to retain his World Boxing Council heavyweight crown in Las Vegas on Saturday.
COTABATO, Philippines: Thirteen people were killed and at least 52 others injured in a bomb attack in a public market in the southern Philippines Sunday, the military said.
These are important days for the future of Romania. Not only has the EU agreed to conclude membership talks with Bucharest, but Sunday also sees the second round of presidential elections.
Sprint and Nextel reportedly reach a "tentative agreement" on a merger which will create the third largest mobile phone operator in the US.
AP - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to this country has a new project  #151; becoming the first mass importer of low-cost Chinese-made cars.
An Italian court has sentenced a close political ally of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to nine years in prison for working with the mafia.
The Israeli cabinet agreed Sunday morning to free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a goodwill gesture ahead of the upcoming Palestinian presidential elections, officials said.
Reuters - When families and friends get\together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use\a digital camera to record those memories.
Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCE) made another hit. After optimizing the PlayStation 2 multiple times, they now decided to give the Portable market a chance.
WASHINGTON It #39;s a global celestial event and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
US-LED and Afghan soldiers arrested two senior Taliban commanders and six militants during an operation in south-central Afghanistan, officials said today.
Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey host a concert paying tribute to Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai.
Christmas may be the season for giving, but the Lancaster Salvation Army will not be receiving as much in donations as in past years.
Bode Miller made his ambitions clear when he won his fifth World Cup race of the season in a giant slalom on Sunday ahead of the best two skiers of recent years.
Burma #39;s military government has announced the release of five-thousand detainees, in a third mass release in less than a month.
Because skipping across the heavens like celestial sparklers will be hundreds of shooting stars during the annual Geminid meteor shower.
For the first time, scientists have found rings of dust around planet-bearing stars - an important confirmation of theories about how planets form, NASA announced Thursday.
Ukraine's opposition leader thanks doctors who treated him for suspected poisoning, as officials reopen the case.
An explosion in a public market in the southern Philippines on Sunday killed at least 11 people and injured nearly 30 others, police said.
AP - President Bush attended church and went mountain biking Sunday before heading to a Christmas celebration.
Mahmoud Abbas apologises to Kuwait for the Palestinians' support of Saddam Hussein's invasion in 1990.
The United Arab Emirates is the first country in the Middle East to participate in a US program intended to safeguard sea cargo from terrorists, US customs officials said Sunday.
Washington - Nasa administrator Sean O #39;Keefe is expected to resign his job at the helm of the US space agency this week, according to news reports on Sunday.
The televized debate between presidential candidates Adrian Nastase and Traian Basescu didn #39;t have a winner from the very beginning.
PLO leader Mahmud Abbas on Sunday apologized to Kuwait for the organization #39;s support of the 1990 Iraq invasion after arriving on a landmark visit to the emirate.
London - Birmingham City defeated Aston Villa 2-1 on Sunday to claim the second city derby, taking the match on first-half goals from Clinton Morrison and David Dunn.
The Kyoto Protocol, a global agreement on reduction of greenhouse gases, comes into force on Feb. 16 next year, seven years after it was negotiated.
Voters in Romania are going to the polls in the final round of a presidential runoff which will determine who will lead the former Communist nation into the European Union in 2007.
World Cup overall leader Bode Miller won a giant slalom for the second time this season Sunday, rallying from fourth place in the opening leg.
AP - A tunnel filled with explosives detonated Sunday under the Israeli checkpoint on the Gaza-Egypt border near the town of Rafah, causing casualties, military officials said.
Sharman Networks has called former Napster expert witness Justin Tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the parent company of Kazaa for alleged copyright infringement.
Superman comes top of a public vote to find the greatest fictional superhero of all time.
FORMER Chelsea defender Paul Elliott believes Jose Mourinho #39;s table-toppers have the self-belief to end their miserable league run at Highbury.
Dan Marino, one-time recordsetting quarterback for the Miami Dolphins but now an analyst for CBS sports, tried in an interview earlier this season to get Colts quarterback Peyton Manning 
The action should come fast and furious, with retail sales figures kicking off Monday morning and a Federal Reserve event grabbing traders #39; attention Tuesday.
A number of Israelis are hurt in a blast on the border between the Gaza strip and Egypt, Israeli officials say.
Richard Green, 33, won golf #39;s Australian Masters at the first extra hole in a three-way playoff with fellow Australians David McKenzie and Greg Chalmers.
A Palestinian bomb attack caused 10 casualties at an Israeli army post along the Gaza Strip-Egypt border on Sunday, military sources said.
The Israeli Cabinet agreed in principle on Sunday to release scores of Palestinian prisoners as a gesture to Egypt and Palestinian officials in the run 
 JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A Palestinian bomb attack caused 10  casualties at an Israeli army post along the Gaza Strip-Egypt  border on Sunday, military sources said.
David O #39;Leary believes his Aston Villa side let their supporters down in today #39;s 2-1 defeat at home to arch rivals Birmingham.
Pedro Emanuel scored the winning goal Sunday as Portugal #39;s FC Porto defeated Colombian side Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty shootout to win the final Toyota Cup.
China is to strengthen controls on TV advertising to avoid affronts to national dignity after a row over a Nike ad campaign.
The Office of Fair Trading is investigating  UK supermarkets' online shops over alleged unfair pricing policies.
Liu Chuanzhi,chairman of Lenovo, theChinese computer company, clearly recalls his early tentative dealings with International Business Machines, the mighty US technology group, in 1985.
Malelane - For the third successive year the Dunhill Championship had to be decided by a playoff, but for the first time, it went to a South African.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - It was a sight skiing fans have become all too familiar with this season - Bode Miller standing on top of the medal podium.
The US military denies reports Saddam Hussein is on hunger strike, but says some former aides are refusing food.
Bright flashes in the sky had residents in the Washington region calling 911 Saturday night for what was actually the annual Geminid Meteor Shower.
IRVING, Texas (Ticker) -- The Dallas Cowboys looked to be out of the playoff race before receiving a jolt from rookie running back Julius Jones.
Palestinian militants have blown up explosives in a tunnel near an Israeli army post on the Gaza-Egypt border in a coordinated attack that Arabic Al Jazeera television says killed four soldiers.
outspoken Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu in a key vote for the Balkan country #39;s European Union accession path. mountain of reforms necessary for its planned 2007 EU entry.
A gripping game between Arsenal and Chelsea ends with the honours finishing even at Highbury.
PHOENIX -- An Arizona man has dropped his complaint against former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson after being reimbursed \$1,400 for damage to his car.
12 December 2004 -- Insurgents in Iraq conducted attacks across the country today, killing two US soldiers and an Iraqi policeman.
Porto of Portugal outscored Once Caldas of Colombia 8-7 from penalty shootouts to win the World Club Cup in Yokohama, Japan on Sunday.
Eddie George missed the first game of his NFL career Sunday after playing in 140 straight, made inactive by the Dallas Cowboys not because of injury but because he wasn #39;t needed.
English Premiership leaders Chelsea stayed five points clear of reigning champions Arsenal following a 2-2 draw away to their London rivals at Highbury.
AP - Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning broke an NFL record with his 13th straight multi-touchdown passing game Sunday.
US Federal Reserve officials are growing more confident about the economic outlook. The economy, which grew at a 3.9 per cent annualised rate in the third quarter and is expanding 
Reuters - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe\plans to resign as head of the U.S. space agency, an official\familiar with the decision said on Sunday.
An aide says jailed Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has withdrawn from the presidential campaign.
CAIRO - Giant oil producer Opec expects prices to recover from the second-largest drop this year as members enforce their decision to lower output.
Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.
If Michelle Collins were a Major League Baseball player, she would have received a slap on the wrist for using banned performance-enhancing drugs.
RAMALLAH, West Bank Associates of an imprisoned uprising leader say he #39;s dropping out of the race to replace Yasser Arafat as head of the Palestinian Authority.
Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.
The United Arab Emirates has become the first Middle East country to join a US program aimed at protecting US-bound sea cargo from terrorists.
Wolfsburg crushed Arminia Bielefeld 5-0 and jumped to fourth place in Sunday #39;s final Bundesliga round before the winter break.
London, England (Sports Network) - Leaders Chelsea and defending champions Arsenal played to an intense 2-2 draw in a London derby Sunday at Highbury.
Textile concerns among China #39;s trading partners in the coming integration of global trade have made the nation determined to control its exports.
Sony said it will make half the console #39;s components, compared with 40 percent for the PlayStation 2, to set itself apart from competitors.
It seems like a cool idea -unglasses with a built-in digital music player and speakers. No headphone cables to untangle as with most portable players.
Dunfermline, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic re-gained its one point edge over rivals Rangers with a 2-0 win at East End Park Sunday.
Bode Miller put his go-for-broke style temporarily in check Sunday and won a World Cup giant slalom for the second time this season.
Manila: An explosion rocked a market packed with Christmas shoppers in the southern Philippines yesterday, killing at least 13 people and injuring 52, the military said.
Spectators are evacuated from Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium following a bomb scare.
Instead of paying social security taxes and wondering whether the government will ever deliver promised retirement benefits, Chilean workers bankroll their own retirements and manage their nest eggs.
Former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein is not on hunger strike though a number of his jailed deputies are refusing food, according to an officer in charge of the detainees.
Washington forces a sloppy New Orleans team into 33 turnovers and claims an easy 88-69 victory Sunday at MCI Center.
IBM on Friday took aim at its primary competitor, EMC, by announcing storage virtualization software that allows EMC users to utilize storage systems from EMC, Hitachi, or IBM.
Microsoft will let customers configure the next major release of Windows Server for specific server tasks, rather than selling a host of different Windows Server Longhorn editions tailored to those tasks.
The US military is denying a report that Saddam Hussein has begun a jailhouse hunger strike, and says the ousted Iraqi leader had eaten on Sunday.
At least four Israeli soldiers were killed and eight wounded on Sunday in a Palestinian bomb attack on an Israeli checkpoint at the Rafah border terminal on the southern Gaza Strip border with Egypt.
Doctors confirm that dioxin poisoned Ukraine's opposition candidate Viktor Yushchenko.
This week the US and Egypt plan to sign a trade agreement worth \$500 million annually.
Prime Minister Zapatero testifies Monday before the commission examining the March 11 terror attacks.
Critics have raised an eyebrow at the revival of the fundraising anthem, citing its outdated, insensitive lyrics.
Sean O'Keefe has sought and become the top contender for a high-level job at Louisiana State University, according to NASA and university officials.
One question that arises whenever a player is linked to steroids is, "What would he have done without them?" Baseball history whispers an answer.
Pittsburgh head coach Walt Harris will go from the Fiesta Bowl to Stanford after accepting their head coaching position on Sunday.
SARATOGA SPRINGS -- Most people have a hard enough time getting out of bed on Monday morning, let alone before dawn in the middle of December.
Real Madrid #39;s Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad was abandoned on Sunday after police received a warning that a bomb would explode at the stadium.
Romanians returned to the polls Sunday for a presidential runoff between their leftist prime minister, formerly a member of the communist elite, and the capital #39;s Western-leaning mayor.
New York gets 57 combined points from its starting backcourt of Jamal Crawford and Stephon Marbury and tops Denver, 107-96.
The two brewpubs were brimming with Saturday night drinkers when rebels tossed hand grenades, killing one person and wounding 72.
Bills defensive back Troy Vincent returns to the lineup and stars, recording an interception, a sack and a fumble recover as Buffalo beats up on Cleveland, 37-7, on Sunday.
THE TIMES is running a fortnightly series of economic briefings alongside Target Two Point Zero, the competition for sixth-formers run in conjunction with the Bank of England.
Fighters of the Lord's Resistance Army hack seven villagers to death in southern Sudan despite a truce.
Sonys PlayStation console has been so popular that it feels strange that PSP is their first attempt at the handheld gaming market.
AP - Ashley Earley scored 20 points and Carla Thomas added 19 to lead No. 14 Vanderbilt to a 94-51 victory over Saint Louis on Sunday.
NOVAR, the UK conglomerate, is recommending that its shareholders accept an 800 million cash bid from Honeywell International, the aerospace to transport multinational.
Trevor Grant THE tension was palpable in the hot, steamy air at Huntingdale, even before the tournament contenders had strapped on their spikes yesterday.
Marwan Barghouti's withdrawal leaves Mahmoud Abbas without a serious challenger in the Jan. 9 vote to choose the head of the Palestinian Authority.
Allen Iverson scores a season-high 40 points and Marc Jackson chips in with 28 to lead the Sixers past the Bucks, 107-101, on Sunday.
A bomb threat forces the evacuation of a Madrid soccer stadium on Sunday night during a game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad.
Long lines form in Japan where shoppers finally get their hands on the portable gaming device.
The portable gaming device is finally available, and looks to be worth the wait.
Wild South American monkeys routinely use fist-sized rocks to crack open seeds and to dig in dry Brazilian soil for grubs and edible tubers, researchers report in the journal Science.
Australian golfer Terry Pilkadaris has finished runner-up in the Masters of Asia tournament in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur.
Both candidates claimed victory in the Romanian presidential runoff vote Sunday, and exit polls showed Bucharest Mayor Traian Basescu and Prime Minister Adrian Nastase in a virtual tie.
AP - On the day Jerome Bettis and Curtis Martin went over 13,000 yards rushing, Bettis will be remembered most for, of all things, his passing.
AP - Hundreds of Kremlin critics gathered Sunday on Constitution Day to denounce what they call a retreat from democracy as President Vladimir Putin signed a bill scrapping gubernatorial elections.
AP - Chelsea tied Arsenal 2-2 Sunday in a riveting meeting between two Premier League powerhouses.
Jerome Bettis flipped a 10-yard touchdown pass to Jerame Tuman after surpassing the 13,000-yard barrier early in the fourth quarter.
Novar, the UK building supplies group, is today expected to announce that it has agreed to be acquired by the US industrial giant Honeywell in a cash deal worth more than 800m.
Japan #39;s Nikkei share average opened 0.63 percent higher on Monday after a fall in the yen helped some exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp.
Sony, the Japanese electronics and entertainment group, has approached arch-rival Toshiba in an attempt to prevent a damaging format war over their next-generation DVDs.
Chelsea #39;s Eidur Gudjohnsen celebrates after scoring during the Premiership game between Arsenal and Chelsea FC, London, Sunday Dec. 12, 2004.
FOXBORO, Mass. Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer was on crutches after Sunday #39;s 35-to-28 loss to the New England Patriots.
AP - Tokyo stocks opened higher Monday as investors welcomed the U.S. dollar's strength against the Japanese yen.
The Romanian presidential election was too close to call last night as both candidates declared themselves the victor after a run-off ballot produced a statistical dead heat.
AP - Jawad Williams scored 17 points and was one of six North Carolina players in double figures Sunday as the eighth-ranked Tar Heels beat Loyola of Chicago 109-60.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - When families and friends get  together for the holidays this year, many more of them will use  a digital camera to record those memories.
AP - Christmas trees decorated with red bows, gold ornaments and white lights lined the hall at the National Building Museum for a holiday pageant attended Sunday by President Bush and his wife, Laura.
AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired right-hander Chad Gaudin from the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for catcher Kevin Cash in the first transaction completed Sunday at the winter meetings.
AP - Jay Nolly saved two penalty kicks and Indiana won its second straight NCAA Men's College Cup title Sunday, beating UC Santa Barbara in a penalty kick shootout.
AP - Linebacker Lofa Tatupu believed in his ability to play big-time football when few others did.
A US trade panel on Friday approved anti-dumping duties of up to 198 percent on \$1.2 billion worth of wooden bedroom furniture from China.
AP - Golden State placed guard Derek Fisher on injured reserve with a sprained right knee before Sunday night's game against the Charlotte Bobcats.
The value of Australia #39;s commodity exports is expected to hit \$95 billion this financial year, with minerals and energy expected to drive the improvement.
Reuters - Philippine police were searching for\clues on Monday on who was responsible for a bomb blast in a\market packed with shoppers that killed 14 people and wounded\65.
AP - Ukrainian prosecutors Sunday reopened their investigation into allegations Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned after doctors treating the opposition leader confirmed he had been slipped the toxic chemical dioxin.
AP - Frank Robinson is no stranger to Washington D.C., and his memories of the town are both pleasant and forgettable.
The Redskins get off to a fast start -- scoring 46 seconds into the game -- but now trail the Eagles, 17-14, in the fourth quarter at FedEx Field.
UK banks have built up a number of risky investment positions that could trigger a financial crisis if a shock caused a sudden rush to sell up, the Bank of England warned yesterday.
Washington - Casting aside fears about weak job creation and tepid holiday sales, the US appeared set to raise interest rates tomorrow for the fifth consecutive time.
Sony Corp. #39;s new PSP portable game console sold out at Tokyo electronic retailers such as Yodobashi Camera Co. and Bic Camera Co.
Sean O #39;Keefe, the NASA administrator who guided the agency through sweeping changes after the Columbia shuttle accident, will resign and pursue a job as chancellor 
The Real Madrid soccer stadium was evacuated during a match on Sunday night after a bomb threat was delivered through the Basque newspaper Gara, which is often used 
CELTIC returned to the top of the SPL yesterday with a convincing victory that was neither a hangover nor a backlash from their European exit in midweek.
Tiger Woods finishes a disappointing 2004 season with his second straight championship, closing with a 5-under 66 to win the Target World Challenge.
Indiana defends its NCAA men's soccer title by edging UC Santa Barbara in penalty kicks on Sunday.
A suit against a large hedge fund filed by Carl C. Icahn, the billionaire financier, could shine a bright light on the largely unregulated hedge fund industry.
The unexpected windfall from DVD sales have become the wild card in Hollywoods negotiations with the Screen Actors Guild.
Miramax Films is seeking compensation from the former head of its Italian unit, claiming that the executive, a friend of the companys co-chairman, also held another job.
Reuters - The dollar slipped on Monday as market\players hesitated to push the currency much higher before\upcoming U.S. trade data and a Federal Reserve meeting.
BUCHAREST - The presidential election in Romania is too close to call. Both candidates are claiming victory after exit polls showed a virtual dead heat.
AP - The Kobe Bryant-Karl Malone feud has turned personal, with Bryant accusing Malone of making a pass at his wife at a game.
AP - Whatever the reasons John Kerry and the Democrats lost the race for the White House, lack of money wasn't one.
With the victory, the Steelers clinched the A.F.C. North title and maintained their hold on the conference's top playoff seeding.
Scott Boras, the most successful agent in baseball history, tells players what they are worth, tells teams the same and waits for the financial outcome to satisfy him.
Omar Minaya, the Mets' general manager, is prepared to leave the winter meetings without making a deal, with Carlos Delgado and Richie Sexson seemingly slipping away.
The Giants might as well let Eli Manning start again next Saturday because they are not going anywhere anyway.
Brazil's President Luiz Inacio da Silva is weakened as two parties withdraw from his governing coalition.
India claim the last two Bangladesh wickets to seal an innings win in the first Test.
People who have migraines are at twice as likely to have a stroke as people who do not, researchers estimate.
The Pentagon is engaged in bitter debate over how far it should go in managing information to influence opinion abroad.
Energized by electoral wins, conservative Christians are pushing ahead state and local initiatives on controversial issues.
The collapse of Bernard Kerik's nomination has strained a relationship that has long been more complicated than mere friendship.
Urged on by China's government and armed with credit from state-owned banks and stock market listings, many Chinese manufacturers are going global.
Neuroscientists and biomedical engineers have become increasingly adept at making devices that translate people's thoughts into actions -- a potential boon for paralyzed patients.
AP - Jason Richardson scored 24 points to help the Golden State Warriors keep the Charlotte Bobcats winless on the road with a 99-87 victory on Sunday night.
The New England Patriots' offensive coordinator, Charlie Weis, will be introduced Monday as the coach of Notre Dame.
A master of mystery much of the time, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has vastly improved the central bank #39;s communications with Wall Street and Main Street over the past decade.
After years of delays, U.S. wireless carriers are unveiling third generation phone networks. The carriers will soon find out whether the time and money were actually worth it.
Holiday slowdowns and crashes at Kmart.com, Amazon.com and others highlight the Web's persistent growing pains.
The MIT Technology Review, which was introduced in 1899, is getting a makeover to help attract readers and advertisers.
Jazeera said eight soldiers were wounded on Sunday and a ninth was missing in addition to the four dead. Israeli sources said there were.
A New Jersey company, MaxMd, recently acquired near-exclusive rights to market the ".md" domain, which technically belongs to Moldova.
It's no secret what the 15 householders in Mink, La., want for Christmas: the same thing they have always wanted year round - telephones.
The Atkins diet frenzy slowed growth briefly, but the sandwich business is booming, with \$105 billion in sales last year.
Eighteen days before the end of a 30 year-old system restricting international trade in textiles and apparel, the Bush administration is imposing new barriers on imported clothing.
Anchored by Dulles, the fifth-busiest airport in the United States for scheduled arrivals and departures, the Northern Virginia corridor has become a driving force in Washington's economy
Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and 11 top leaders of his regime have gone on hunger strike in their US detention centre, one of their lawyers said yesterday.
With big-ticket free agents like Carlos Beltran, Richie Sexson and Carlos Delgado still on the market, baseball executives are playing wait-and-see.
Double Olympic gold medallist Kelly Holmes was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year on Sunday. Holmes had been the hottest favorite ever to win the award after her exploits 
Bologna, Italy (Sports Network) - Czech striker Pavel Nedved scored off a free kick in the 86th minute Sunday to give Juventus a 1-0 win at Bologna.
Real Madrid #39;s home match yesterday against Real Sociedad was abandoned in the 87th minute after a bomb hoax, the Spanish soccer club said.
AFP - China Great Wall Computer Shenzhen Co Ltd has signed an agreement to establish a new joint venture with IBM to produce computer servers for the Asian region, the company said.
A powerful explosion in a crowded southern Philippines market killed 15 and wounded at least 60 on Sunday. The market was packed with Christmas shoppers when the explosion went off in the markets meat section 
Johnson   Johnson, the health care conglomerate, continued its acquisition talks with Guidant, one of the nation's largest makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
Bayer continued with its strategic refocusing, announcing on Monday the sale of its plasma business to two US private capital funds.
OTTAWA -- Federal officials hope to introduce new legislation today to establish a do-not-call registry for consumers who want to put an end to telemarketing pitches.
Health care and consumer products maker Johnson  amp; Johnson is close to finalizing its long-rumored \$24 billion cash and stock acquisition of medical-device maker Guidant Corp.
Partial results put opposition candidate Traian Basescu narrowly ahead in the race to be Romanian president.
Want a wireless, hand-held game player that plays movies, music, and more? Meet the Sony PlayStation Portable known as PSP. What about a 
WASHINGTON NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will meet Thursday with a committee searching for Louisiana State University #39;s next chancellor.
Scientists disagree on the origins of the annual Geminid shower but agree that conditions this year favor a spectacular show. Shooting stars of mysterious origin promise a spectacular sky-show tonight for 
Yahoo will release a desktop search tool in early 2005, joining other search engines looking to catalog a variety of information beyond Web pages, the company said Friday.
The new storage virtualization software is designed with expanded support to virtualize and manage the complete line of currently available EMC disk storage systems.
BERKELEY - Mysterious tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault could portend future earthquakes, according to University of California, Berkeley scientists.
\The head of the UN World Food Programme says China should start  giving, rather than receiving, food aid.
The UK Film Council wants changes in the law to tackle the growing problem of film piracy and illegal DVDs.
Kelly Holmes is looking forward to a well-deserved break at home with her family over Christmas after adding the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award to her double Olympic gold.
Churchill denied that any promises were made to give Gibraltar to Spain, prompting a row, archived documents show
Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill said last night he would be speaking to the agents of several players this week to get them to sign new contracts.
He believes Sundays 37-14 dismantling of the New York Giants and rookie quarterback Eli Manning, in particular, might come back to haunt the Baltimore Ravens.
ARAB leaders must introduce reforms to counter the growth of terrorism, Colin Powell, the outgoing American Secretary of State, told Islamic leaders yesterday.
Supporters and critics of Russia #39;s president are demonstrating in Moscow, with both groups calling attention to Kremlin plans to consolidate power.
With the United States keeping to the sidelines, delegates from more than 190 countries have gathered here both to celebrate the enactment of the 
Diplomats in Brussels say the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Germany will meet Iran #39;s top nuclear official Monday to discuss a long-term nuclear cooperation agreement.
Somalia's new prime minister may by reappointed, and then put to a vote of confidence, officials say.
Researchers at IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have improved a chip-making technology called strained silicon, boosting semiconductor performance at a time when such 
A high-tech DVD format battle for the hearts, minds and wallets of consumers is shaping up to be a 21st century version of the 1980s VHS/Betamax brawl.
TORONTO -- Some of his former teammates said he didn #39;t want to come. People close to the negotiations were doubtful he would come.
The Cassini spacecraft makes one last flyby of Titan on Monday before it despatches the Huygens probe for a rendezvous with the Saturnian moon.
A New York painter, Steve Mumford, has been embedded with military units in Iraq on and off since April 2003.
Marine officials reported that seven marines had been killed Sunday while conducting security operations in Anbar.
TOKYO -- Want a wireless, hand-held game player that plays movies, music, and more? Meet the Sony PlayStation Portable known as PSP.
Professional soccer teams, their national and international governing bodies and anti-racism groups have been grappling with a number of incidents around Europe over the last month.
HOUSTON -- Peyton Manning broke one of Dan Marino's touchdown records, just not the one everybody has been talking about.
Many teams would gladly settle for a tie when playing shorthanded in the final minute of overtime against an unbeaten opponent. No. 1 Minnesota isn't one of them.
Chinese consumers show little sign of reining in their spending, despite the first rise in core interest rates in nine years.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has rejected a proposed offer for the company from Deutsche Boerse valued at 530 pence per share in cash.
LOS ANGELES A spokesman for Unocal Corp. says tonight the oil and gas giant has reached a tentative agreement to settle human rights lawsuits.
HSBC Bank planted its flag in Washington last week, opening its first branch in the District with hopes of becoming Riggs Bank #39;s replacement to the embassy community.
Sony has launched its first handheld games console, the PlayStation Portable (PSP), which it hopes will challenge Nintendo in the portable games market.
Ask iPodlounge offers readers the opportunity to get answers to their iPod-related questions from a member of the iPodlounge editorial team.
Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
Celtic star Stilian Petrov has urged the Parkhead board to hand a number of top players new contracts before they live to regret letting them go.
Reigning Italian champions AC Milan handed out a lesson in quality finishing at the San Siro to hit outclassed Fiorentina for six of the best on Sunday afternoon.
The US music industry is strengthening its embrace of music download services, with a unique Grammy Award/iTunes tie-up. The organisers of the Grammy Awards have reached a deal with Apple to 
AP - Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Have Asia's central banks lulled  Americans into a false sense of security?
IBM and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce today.
NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe is said to be pursuing a job as chancellor of Louisiana State University.
Engineers sought to determine what caused a temperature control system to malfunction after an aborted launch Saturday.
A trademark infringement suit against Google may alter how the search industry makes a profit.
Reuters - The United Arab Emirates urged fellow\Arabs Monday to implement radical political and economic\reform, saying history and their people would not forgive them\if they failed to do so.
AP - No. 45 was a simple 3-yard floater to his favorite target. No. 46 was vintage Peyton Manning, a 12-yard bullet between two defenders.
Mobile phone firms face a series of hurdles if they want to get their customers using their funky new handsets.
The Singapore #39;s budget airline, Jetstar Asia, will launch its daily service between Hong Kong and Singapore from Monday. Jetstar Asia will become the fifth budget airline 
A French lawyer representing Saddam Hussein asked Monday for the International Red Cross to look into reports that the jailed former Iraqi leader has begun a hunger strike.
The trading debut of Hong Kong #39;s record \$2.7 billion property trust may be delayed because of a legal challenge, a government lawyer said.
until then the ruler of a still-nascent industry -an a cheeky advertisement greeting its new rival. The ad said:  quot;Welcome, IBM.
Rising levels of greenhouse gases may not be quite as bad for coral reefs as was previously thought. A team of Australian scientists say that the damage done by increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the 
UK daily, The Guardian, is reporting that Sony executives have approached Toshiba in the last few weeks in an attempt to stave off the brewing next-gen format war.
Briton Neil Cheetham came agonisingly close to claiming the Dunhill Championship in South Africa, before losing in a sudden-death play-off.
Chad Pennington took full blame for the Jets #39; loss yesterday and the numbers back him up. It was the second-worst performance of his outstanding young career.
Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis touched down in South Bend, Ind., last night and met with his new team, the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame.
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will become the first Spanish prime minister to be questioned by a parliamentary commission on Monday when he gives his version of events surrounding the Madrid train bombings.
Reuters - Have Asia's central banks lulled\Americans into a false sense of security?
The last film by slain director Theo van Gogh - whose death convulsed the Netherlands - is premiered.
Microsoft #39;s MSN division is expected to announce a test version of its long-awaited desktop-search software this morning in a conference call with reporters.
Firefox, the open-source challenger to market heavyweight Internet Explorer, has surpassed 10 million downloads in a little more than a month since the browser was released in November.
The golf season finally enters its winter break this week, and there will be no more action on either the US PGA Tour or the European Tour until January.
Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero Monday strongly defended Spain #39;s withdrawal of troops from Iraq after the March 11 Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people.
Twenty-one Iraqis were killed when a bus carrying petrol exploded in a fireball after colliding with a car north-east of Baghdad, a hospital official said today.
Leaders from Singapore and Malaysia said talks have been successful after they agreed to move forward on outstanding bilateral issues.
US university Penn State has advised its 80,000 students to ditch Internet Explorer, citing that browser #39;s well-reported security vulnerabilities.
In the third quarter of an interactive Sunday matinee at Madison Square Garden, a fan sitting behind the Denver basket shouted a question to Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony.
Reuters - Business software maker Oracle Corp.\ on Monday posted a higher quarterly profit on firm\demand for its market-leading database software.
OTTAWA -- Tired of rushing to a ringing phone only to hear telemarketers pitching insurance products, exciting new job opportunities or cable TV packages?
Charlie Weis will be named the next head football coach at Notre Dame tomorrow during a Monday morning press conference. The New England Patriots offensive coordinator is known as one of the rising stars in 
CHARLESTON, SC -- Ben Reed scored 23 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Western Michigan beat the College of Charleston, 69-56, on Sunday.
A suicide car bomber killed 13 people today next to the heavily fortified area in central Baghdad housing the interim government and US embassy, and eight US Marines died in combat in western Iraq.
EU foreign ministers met on Monday to make final preparations for a landmark decision later this week to open entry talks with Turkey amid renewed evidence of strong 
In a long statement in its trademark colourful language, the Korean Central News Agency issued its clearest indication since the US elections in November on the prospects for the stalled multilateral negotiations.
US troops expel a group of Arab businessmen visiting Afghanistan to hunt a rare species of bustard.
Deep rumblings many kilometers (miles) below the San Andreas fault in California could offer a way to predict earthquakes, according to US scientists.
As a team, the Jets have an awful lot to prove. And as a quarterback, Chad Pennington is still trying to cement his reputation as a big-game performer.
Allan Houston started the game on the bench, and finished it on the bench. In between he was so-so, with more than a couple of shots that rattled around inside the rim before 
Israeli forces fired rockets at the Gaza City on Monday, responding to an earlier attack launched by Hamas movement against an army post.
France has formally proposed former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy as a candidate to become the head of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Lamy said Monday.
Telecommunication equipment maker Telefon AB LM Ericsson said Monday it received a \$805 million (euro609.3 million) contract from Guangdong Mobile Communication Corp.
AP - Reformist opposition candidate Traian Basescu was winning Romania's presidential runoff in a tight contest, according to partial official results released Monday.
Ziff Davis - Ex-president Bill Clinton last week delivered the keynote address at the launch of a new business-focused search engine.
Real Madrid will play the last six minutes of their match with Real Sociedad on January 5 after yesterdays encounter was abandoned because of a bomb scare.
Pavel Nedved scored with a superb free-kick four minutes from time to give Juventus a precious 1-0 Italian Serie A win at Bologna on Sunday.
With a chance to legitimize their postseason aspirations Sunday, the penalty-prone and offensively challenged Bears came up flat in a 22-3 loss to the Jaguars.
Ziff Davis - Sun's open-source license proposal for Open Solaris will surely be unpopular.
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov met Chinese military leaders in Beijing Monday to discuss cooperation between China, a fast-rising military power, and its main foreign arms and weapons-technology supplier.
AP - Oracle Corp. announced Monday that it has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire PeopleSoft Inc. for approximately  #36;10.3 billion.
Chinese distributor lined up as 'potential buyer'
Or more properly, could have lost them their jobs
Chip-making technique to fuel AMD64, PowerPC, 'Cell' production
Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
Iris Beckwith uses a 5-foot-tall robot to help teach elementary school students why it is illegal to download movies and music from the Internet.
Mark Potts, a self-described "recovering journalist," says with a bit of understatement: "It isn't Woodward and Bernstein stuff."
   Chief executives in the Washington-Baltimore region are more optimistic in their hiring plans for the year ahead than are their colleagues across the nation, according to a survey released last week.
Ening a bitter battle, PeopleSoft's board has finally approved a deal worth around \$10 billion Oracle says.
DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology that reduces harmful emissions, the companies said Monday.
Computer Sciences Corp. late Sunday said it has agreed to sell DynCorp International and related assets to private equity firm Veritas Capital for \$850 million.
Iron ore prices will probably rise another 20 percent in 2005 after increasing 19 percent this year, the top executive of the world #39;s biggest ore exporter said Monday.
The listing of the worlds largest real estate investment trust (Reit) by Hong Kongs Housing Authority descended into chaos on Monday after the agencys lawyers admitted 
Sony #39;s anticipated PlayStation Portable (PSP) has virtually sold out on its debut day in Japan - the launch outside Japan will follow next year.
AMD and IBM today announced that they have developed a new and unique strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
AP - Four teams took the first big step toward the Super Bowl by clinching division titles, joining the Philadelphia Eagles, who already wrapped up the NFC East crown.
The Geminid meteor shower is one of the annual meteor showers that pull professional and amateur astronomers alike out into the cold night air.
One phenomenon that has become quite obvious from the vast numbers of virus victims over the last year is that people click first and ask questions later.
Newham Council has signed a \$27m (16m) 10-year deal with Hewlett-Packard to provide a Microsoft Windows and Exchange 2003-based IT infrastructure.
Sharman Networks has called former Napster expert witness Justin Tygar to give his testimony during the ongoing trial against the peer-to-peer software provider for alleged copyright infringement.
Singapore Telecommunications Limited (SingTel) and Samsung Networks, an IP communications service provider in Korea, have signed an IP-VPN (Internet Protocol - Virtual Private Network) distribution agreement.
TIGER WOODS again showed the world he #39;s back in business by winning his own golf tournament, the Target World Challenge in California.
NERVES - no problem. That #39;s the verdict of Jose Mourinho today after his Chelsea side gave a resolute display of character at Highbury.
New Southampton boss Harry Redknapp plans to bring Jim Smith in as his assistant in time for Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Tottenham.
Maybe I #39;m out of the loop, but I don #39;t remember when it was normal for a football coach to work for two teams at the same time.
Pakistan #39;s Shoaib Malik could play in the first Test against Australia starting on Thursday as he waits for results of tests on his bowling action.
The US Army said that eight of toppled Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein #39;s jailed lieutenants who were earlier refusing food had now given up their protest.
Hospital workers say a suicide car bombing in Baghdad has killed at least 13 people and injured 15 others. Police say the car exploded while waiting in line at a gate to the Green Zone.
A Palestinian National Authority(PNA) senior official said Monday that the PNA welcomed a diplomatic reconciliation with Kuwait in a sign that the relations between the two sides were improving.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan pledged yesterday to press forward with democratic reforms even if the European Union refuses to open membership talks with Turkey this week.
Former Congolese rebels blocked Kinshasa #39;s troops reinforcement to the border with Rwanda, according to reports on Monday. According to senior military commanders in eastern 
The acquisition will elevate No.3-ranked Oracle to No.2, behind SAP of Germany, the world's biggest maker of business-management software.
Jamie Foxx has three Golden Globe nominations, with Nicole Kidman and Johnny Depp also up for prizes.
Peoplesoft agrees a \$10.3bn takeover bid from rival business software firm Oracle, after an 18-month corporate battle.
PALESTINIAN militants found a way around the heavy fortifications at the Israeli army post between Egypt and Gaza -- tunnelling under the base and blowing it up.
India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances quot;We have to fight the war against narcotic drugs together.
South Africa A complete a seven-wicket victory against England in their final warm-up before the first Test.
PARIS (AFP) - US fashion company Tommy Hilfiger announced it had bought up clothing brands belonging to the stylist Karl Lagerfeld for an undisclosed sum.
BODE Miller won his fifth victory of the World Cup season in a giant slalom here today after the three men ahead of him all faltered.
India News: New Delhi, Dec 13 : India and Pakistan on Monday agreed to jointly fight the war against narcotic and psychedelic substances.
Shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the nation's retailers by 0.1 percent.
A fall in the price of crude oil pushes UK raw material prices to their lowest level in two years, official figures show.
Bank customers may soon be able to check their balances on mobile phone screens in an initiative from the Link cash machine network and Morse.
driven by China #39;s insatiable demand for Australian coal - are expected to boost national export earnings by \$12.5 billion this year.
Stelmar Shipping Ltd. on Monday said it has agreed to be acquired by Overseas Shipholding Group Inc. for \$1.3 billion, including debt assumption.
IBM has quit the personal computer market 23 years after legitimising the PC revolution that changed everything - from the way we work to the fortunes of Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
 VAL D'ISERE, France (Reuters) - As far as Hermann Maier is  concerned, the Alpine skiing season has yet to start.
The European Union council has officially adopted a proposal to eliminate all quantitative restrictions on the import of textile and clothing from World Trade Organisation countries from 1 January 2005.
US shoppers showed a bit of cheer at the cash registers in November, boosting sales at the country #39;s retailers by 0.1 per cent.
Treasuries were stripped of early gains on Monday as US retail sales data proved strong when many in the market had been betting on a weak outcome.
Denmark holds a national day of mourning for victims of the Asian tsunami disaster a week ago.
This one is named Geminids because it seems to originate from the constellation Gemini. It will deliver about a dozen stars an hour.
Apple and PayPal announced on Friday that the US incarnation of the iTunes Music Store (ITMS) now accepts payment via PayPal #39;s Virtual Wallet.
Britain #39;s former undisputed heavyweight champion of the world retired last year after retaining his WBC title against giant Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko.
The US Secretary of State warns of more violence in Iraq as elections approach, after a new suicide attack.
The UN's emergency aid chief says he is optimistic the world will meet the challenges of the tsunami disaster.
Israeli helicopters targeted two buildings in the Gaza Strip overnight following a massive explosion under an Israeli army post on the border between Israel and Egypt.
Pakistan today denied a newspaper report the CIA has set up covert bases in the countrys remote tribal regions to hunt for Osama bin Laden.
Real Madrid and Real Socieded will play the final six minutes of their abandoned game.
Southern Illinois University Carbondale Chancellor Walter Wendler may see some tough competition if he interviews for the chancellor position at Louisiana State University.
Planet-building is dusty work, and now two space telescopes have captured images of cosmic construction materials: disks of dust circling stars about the same size as our sun.
It was intense and committed without any of the brutishness that Manchester United employed to stop Arsenal #39;s unbeaten run of 49 league matches in October.
They chewed up huge chunks of yardage both in the air and on the ground. But the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday also found out the hard way that the key to 
Hundreds of Egyptians defy a ban on public protests to call for an end to President Hosni Mubarak's 23-year rule.
AP - The soccer game between Real Madrid and Real Sociedad that was suspended because of a bomb threat Sunday will be completed on Jan. 5.
Hello! magazine challenges a ruling which made them pay damages to Catherine Zeta Jones and Michael Douglas.
The world's second-largest maker of business software was created in the deal, which ended a long and hostile battle.
Sideways led Golden Globe contenders today with seven nominations, including best musical or comedy film, three acting nominations and best director.
Werner Seiffert, the chief executive of the Deutsche Brse, the German stock market, has made little secret of his determination to expand into London.
Your processor can now run 24 faster at the same power levels based on the new strained silicon transistor technology, as claimed by IBM and AMD today.
The online auto marketer hits a rough patch in the road, deflating its profit outlook.
Satellite radio wins the market's straw poll by landing its two key players into the Nasdaq-100 Composite.
Cardinal Health (CAH:NYSE - news - research) was grounded once again Monday after the struggling health care supplier laid out plans to cut 4,200 jobs.
November sales data raised retailers #39; spirits Monday, as the government reported better results than expected after the holiday season had so far been viewed with some disappointment.
Louisiana State University may be the next stop for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Chief Administrator, Sean OKeefe, 48 years old.
Penn State, a public university with an enrollment of about 80,000 students, has made its browser choice, or at least a recommendation on which one not to use.
December 14, 2004  A North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman has denied an International Herald Tribune report that hundreds of the country #39;s generals defected to China.
AP - The head of Japan's central bank acknowledged Monday that the pace of economic recovery here may be slowing, but said the downturn is only temporary.
The London Stock Exchange said Monday that it had rejected a fresh takeover proposal from German rival Deutsche Boerse but has agreed to further talks.
Retail sales in the United States increased by a modest 0.1 percent in November following a revised gain of 0.8 percent in October, the Commerce Department reported on Monday.
After the launch of Google #39;s new desktop search tool, it was only a matter of time before other search engines followed suit. Yahoo!
Atlanta running back TJ Duckett set a team record with four rushing touchdowns to help the Falcons clinch their third division title in franchise history.
AFP - US retail sales rose 0.1 percent in November, a better than expected start to the crucial holiday shopping season, seasonally adjusted government figures showed.
US stocks were set to open slightly higher on Monday, helped by another retreat in oil prices, while business software maker Oracle Corp.
Waste Management Inc. on Monday said its Canadian subsidiary will sell a landfill in Chatham, Ontario to BFI Canada Income Fund in a deal worth up to \$90 million.
MFORMA Group and Marvel Enterprises announced that the companies will bring content based on Marvel #39;s brands to mobile phone users.
The Cassini spacecraft is but hours away from a second flyby of the Saturian moon Titan set for Monday , December 13 with the closest approach image data arriving at about 8 PM.
The French Institute of Public Opinion (IFOP) announced that the majority of the public in France and Germany were definitely against Turkey #39;s European Union (EU) membership.
PC World - After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
Nina Kraft is banned for two years by the German Triathlon Union on Monday after admitting taking a performance-enhancing drug EPO before the 2004 Ironman Triathlon World Championship.
Cingular, jointly owned by BellSouth and SBC Communications, said the buyers are Singapore Technologies Telemedia and TM International of Malaysia.
Canadian trains and planes manufacturer Bombardier Inc. fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its share price dropped to record lows.
Redefining confronting your weaknesses head-on
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Quite a tempting package?
Extension ratified for Japanese and US public safety band
Thomson #39;s Technicolor subsidiary will provide duplication services for both HD DVD and Blu-ray formats, based on customer preference, the company says.
Tom Brady threw for two touchdowns as the New England Patriots held off the visiting Cincinnati Bengals for a 35-to-28 victory Sunday.
Anteon International Corp. has won a \$10 million subcontract from Lockheed Martin Corp. to develop a video system for the Army to use in its urban warfare training.
A rare species of robin settles in for its first winter in Scotland after being spotted on a reserve in Aberdeenshire.
The head of the US space agency Nasa Sean O'Keefe is preparing to resign, according to reports.
Scientists at Bangor University believe a blind man possesses a "sixth sense" that allows him to recognise sad faces.
The Supreme Court on Monday put restrictions on companies that want to voluntarily clean up their polluted land and sue former owners to share the costs.
German electronics giant Siemens could decide on the future of its mobile phone manufacturing division as early as next month, a company spokesman said.
IBM and Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies are expected to announce Monday.
After a drop off earlier this fall, more fraudulent Web sites are popping up.
Controversial bills proposed new penalties (including jail time) for copyright violations.
European stock markets rose this morning, amid news that the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges were considering a possible link.
Fifty-five percent of workers voted against strikes, in a ballot that drew participation by 77 percent of the 1,300 eligible employees.
Two major schools are expected to introduce their new head football coaches Monday, Notre Dame and Washington. Two weeks ago, Tyrone Willingham was fired as head coach at Notre Dame and Monday 
The United Nations called on Monday for an immediate ceasefire in eastern Congo as fighting between rival army factions flared for a third day.
AP - Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych accused the United States on Monday of meddling in Ukraine's internal affairs, claiming the Americans have financed his opponent's presidential campaign.
Reuters - The United Nations called on Monday\for an immediate cease-fire in eastern Congo as fighting\between rival army factions flared for a third day.
The oil producing OPEC cartel Monday began reducing its oil output to maintain prices around current levels, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Microsofts MSN division will be holding a teleconference today at 1 pm EST to announce their newest addition to the MSN network.
the knockout blows on Judgment Day were restricted to Las Vegas as the capital #39;s contenders slugged themselves to a stalemate at Highbury.
To beat the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots anywhere, let alone at Gillette Stadium, it takes a spotless effort.
Israel accused the Palestinian authorities on Monday of doing nothing to prevent attacks after five soldiers were killed in the deadliest assault since the death of Yasser Arafat more than a month ago.
A member of the Palestinian militant group Hamas escaped unhurt on Monday when a bomb blew up his car in the Syrian capital Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
GENOA, ITALY - More than two dozen Italian police officers accused of beating protesters at the G-8 summit in Genoa must stand trial, a judge has ruled.
AP - German carmaker Volkswagen AG will begin assembling heavy trucks in the United Arab Emirates beginning in 2006, a spokesman said Monday.
Reuters - The Golden State\Warriors have placed guard Derek Fisher on the injured list\with a sprained right knee.
AP - College Sports Television announced distribution deals with cable operators Cox and Charter Communications on Monday that could make the channel available in more than 65 million households.
AP - Andy Roddick fired coach Brad Gilbert this weekend after 1 1/2 years together that yielded a U.S. Open title and the No. 1 ranking.
For a small cap, Jacuzzi has a megabrand. But it's probably not enough to excite investors.
Oracle announces a blowout quarter and a deal for PeopleSoft at \$26.50 per share.
Consumer Reports' effort to rate drugs offers a lesson to pharmaceutical companies.
At the worst possible moment, Ford announces the worst possible recall.
European shares edged higher on Monday bolstered by reassuring comments from UK bank Lloyds TSB on its earnings expectations for this year.
Jaguar workers have voted against striking in protest at the ending of car production at their historic factory in Coventry, it was announced today.
US Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman William Donaldson rejected a staff proposal to sanction Gary Winnick as part of a settlement with Global Crossing Ltd.
Augusto Pinochet, the former Chilean dictator, was indicted on charges that he took part in a plot by Latin American military regimes to kill opponents in the 1970s.
The London Stock Exchange today rejected a 1.35bn takeover approach from German rival Deutsche Brse, but held open the prospect of further talks.
Tommy Hilfiger Corp. announced Monday that it has reached an agreement to purchase German designer Karl Lagerfelds brands for an undisclosed cash amount.
AMD and IBM have developed a strained silicon transistor technology which the firms believe will dramatically increase processor performance.
The 2004 Geminid meteor shower is underway. Midnight sky watchers this weekend sawbright meteors shooting out of the constellation Geminid--at least a few per hour.
Hollywood Story rallied from fourth turning for home to post a one-length victory Sunday over Royally Chosen in the \$150,000 Bayakoa Handicap at Hollywood Park.
The European Union (EU) said Monday it would eliminate from January 1, 2005 all quantitative restrictions on the import of textile and clothing products from World Trade Organization (WTO) member countries.
A judge today ordered 28 police officers to stand trial for their alleged brutality in a raid against anti-globalisation protesters during the 2001 Group of Eight summit in Genoa, news reports said.
Celtic ditched Dunfermline 2-0 at East End Park on Sunday to reclaim top slot in the Scottish Premier League. Their bitter Glasgow rivals Rangers had gone top 
AP - The man who brought the Yugo and Subaru to this country has a new project  #151; becoming the first mass importer of low-cost Chinese-made cars.
A suspected bomb blew up in a car in a crowded district of Damascus on Monday, destroying the vehicle and slightly wounding a passerby, residents said.
College Sports Television announced distribution deals with cable operators Cox and Charter Communications on Monday.
Close-out retailer Tuesday Morning Corp. said Monday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings and full-year sales to miss analysts #39; expectations due to poor sales of decorative 
DaimlerChrysler and General Motors will jointly develop new hybrid motors to compete against Japanese rivals on the fuel-saving technology 
AP - At age 75, Marilyn Smith discovered a wealth of reasons this holiday season to switch to a digital camera.
AFP - Oracle sealed a deal to buy rival business software firm PeopleSoft for 10.3 billion dollars after a bitter 18-month battle, the two firms announced.
AP - On the surface, Lake Michigan is one of the world's biggest and wildest bodies of freshwater and a popular fishing destination.
Trade between India and Pakistan increases after the nations embarked on a peace process although it remains a tiny fraction of overall exports.
Hundreds of thousands of soldiers and "millions" of civilians take part in defence exercises in Cuba.
France's foreign minister says Turkey should acknowledge the 1915 genocide of Armenians before it joins the EU.
Scientists hope the understanding of past flu pandemics can help us better prepare for future crises.
3Com Monday announced plans to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion prevention systems, for approximately \$430 million in stock.
Unocal Corp. has agreed to settle two closely watched lawsuits accusing the US oil giant of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses that occurred during the construction 
Sony #39;s handheld gaming device, the PlayStation Portable, reportedly sold more than 200,000 units on its first day of availability in Japan.
BOSTON -- The University of Notre Dame has officially announced the appointment of its new head coach, New England Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis.
France Telecom makes 'substantial and significant' investment
Philippine movie icon Fernando Poe Jr.s condition has deteriorated, prompting doctors to put him on life support following a massive stroke over the weekend, his spokesman said yesterday.
Malaysia and Singapore on Monday made significant progress in repairing four decades of soured relations, agreeing to hold top-level talks on a range of disputes including 
A weak dollar should be good for U.S. exports. But it's already causing pain overseas, and in the long run it could drive up the cost of living at home
The TIME/CNN 25 Business Influentials/Setting the Global Standards for Management, Ethics, Marketing and Innovation
The California Public Employees' Retirement System, a state agency that used its power to influence corporations
The computer giant hands off its personal-computer business business to a Chinese firm
The Ukrainian election takes a new twist after a stunning medical disclosure
Rapid economic development has led to filthy air. The good news: this is a mess that can be cleaned up
Home accessories and gift retailer Tuesday Morning Corp. on Monday lowered its 2004 earnings guidance and forecast fourth-quarter results below Wall Street expectations on lower-than-expected seasonal sales.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday, after he  government said retail sales in November were better than  expected, a sign of economic strength.
Generic auto parts retailers benefit from the explosion in the popularity of import car culture.
Companies will use strained silicon to boost transistor speed.
Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for imporper conduct, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Parma, Italy (Sports Network) - Parma fired coach Silvio Baldini Monday after a loss to Livorno on Sunday left the club near the bottom of the table.
A Chilean judge on Monday formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with homicide and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses committed during his 17-year rule.
AP - Florida coach Urban Meyer nearly filled out his coaching staff Monday, keeping two assistants from Ron Zook's staff and bringing four with him from Utah.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber killed at least  seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday,  the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
Jeff Wilkins made a 31-yard field goal with 3:02 left in overtime to give the St. Louis Rams a 32-29 win over the Jets as both teams made the playoffs.
IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have announced that they have produced a silicon chip with a marked improvement in speed by using strained silicon technology.
Those characters, as well as more familiar Marvel comics stars like Spider-Man and the Incredible Hulk, are going mobile. Publisher Mforma Group Inc.
Seven Marines have died in combat in western Iraq. The fighting in Anbar, a vast province including Fallujah and Ramadi, was the deadliest for US forces since eight Marines 
The United Nations has called on all factions involved in several days of fighting in eastern Congo to agree to a cease-fire. Clashes continued Monday as the United Nations ordered the government 
Rumors are swirling that the next massive wireless merger is in the works.
US retail sales unexpectedly increased for a third month in November, easing concern that consumers will be tight-fisted this holiday shopping season.
Bombardier Inc. ousted Chief Executive Officer Paul Tellier after he failed to stem a decline in profit, shares and credit ratings during his two-year tenure.
Microsoft on Monday morning will likely debut a beta version of its desktop search and unveil a new connection service to tie Hotmail and the Outlook mail client.
DENVER -- Coloradans willing to brave the nighttime cold and get away from the lights of the city could be in for a spectacular show Monday night.
At long last, Sun Microsystems has delivered a new set of thin client technology that could well push the slim computing devices into the hands of the average consumer.
Malaysia and Singapore agreed Monday to work on a proposal to solve some of their long-standing bilateral disputes in what could be a milestone in relations between the two quarrelsome neighbors.
The European Union calls for free and fair elections in the Maldives with a parliamentary vote due this month.
AP - From LSU at No. 1 to Ohio State at No. 10, The AP women's basketball poll had no changes Monday.
Tiger Woods closed with a 5-under 66 to forge a two-stroke victory over Padraig Harrington of Ireland in the Target World Challenge.
Chad Pennington put yesterday #39;s 17-6 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers squarely on his own shoulders, but he is certainly not the only one to blame, as the Jets 
Andy Roddick has sacked Brad Gilbert, the coach who guided him to world number one and the US Open crown in 2003. No reason has been given for the split.
Defense contractor Lockheed Martin Corp. on Monday said it agreed to buy Stasys Ltd., a Britain-based technology and consulting firm specializing in network communications and defense interoperability.
The SEC begins an informal inquiry into the image sensor maker's restatement.
Is today's big retail news a surprise? Only for those who weren't paying attention.
Bill Mann looks back at the returns from the three previous years of our annual stock guide.
Cingular Wireless continues to meet its AT amp;T Wireless merger approval obligations to shed some assets. The latest: The carrier is selling its stake in IDEA Cellular.
Planes, trains and no CEO: Bombardier fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its Toronto-traded stock dropped to a record low.
Gary Winnick, the former chairman of Global Crossing, the Bermuda-based telecommunications group which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January 2002, will not be fined 
the German vehicle producing giant Volkswagen will assemble trucks in Abu Dhabi and enter a car leasing joint venture with the Gulf emirate, it was announced Monday.
WASHINGTON -- It #39;s a global celestial event, and scientists say the annual Geminid Meteor Shower is the best astronomy show of the year.
Firefox use around the world climbed 34 percent in the last month, according to a report published by Web analytics company WebSideStory Monday.
Blu-ray and HD DVD -- will be costly to everyone concerned, analysts say. The availability of two rival formats will raise prices and confuse consumers.
Hewlett-Packard has begun selling a Pavilion PC that runs on processors from Advanced Micro Devices and a FreeDOS operating system.
Most people are accustomed to automatic tellers at the mall that spit out cash and stamps. Eduardo Alvarez wants to persuade you to use an automatic teller at the grocery 
Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for improper conduct, the Football Association (FA) says.
Johan Neeskens has been sacked as coach of NEC Nijmegen, the struggling Dutch first division club said in a statement on Monday. NEC are 14th in the standings 
A Chilean judge has ordered the house arrest of the country #39;s former dictator, General Augusto Pinochet, on human rights charges.
Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro hosts the third in a series of discussions on The Washington Post's holiday tech buying guide and answer your personal tech questions.
In the latest snapshot of the holiday shopping season, the government reported a better performance than Wall Street had been expecting.
An initial 200,000 of the consoles went on sale in Tokyo on Sunday as thousands of shoppers lined up overnight to buy the first devices.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Bode Miller continued his impressive 2004-05 World Cup skiing season by winning a night slalom race in Sestriere, Italy on Monday.
Argentina is a great place for a confab on catastrophic climate change, only Buenos Aires isn #39;t the city for it. The delegates to this tenth Conference of the Parties to 
Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.
Maryland nearly comes all the way back from a 17-point defecit but it is unable to complete the rally as it falls, 77-67, to Virginia Tech.
Real Madrid will play the final seven minutes of their Primera Liga match against Real Sociedad next month after a bomb threat forced the evacuation of their Bernabeu stadium yesterday.
Bode Miller added another triumph to his sparkling season on Monday, claiming his sixth World Cup win of the campaign in a slalom and a new entry in the record books.
Memory cards are made by a variety of manufacturers, and come in different sizes. Prices among capacities and types of memory cards also vary.
 LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - The Peruvian government on Sunday  denied planning an imminent offensive after urging residents  living near a captured police station in the southern Andes to  leave their homes.
ANAHEIM, California (Ticker) - With everyone seeking the next Johan Santana, major league teams took their chances during Monday #39;s Rule 5 draft.
World Cup leader Bode Miller won a slalom Monday to join Marc Girardelli as the only men to win races in all four disciplines in a season.
AFP - The Internet browser wars, dormant for several years, shows signs of heating up again as a result of gains from a new program called Firefox, a research report showed.
AFP - Microsoft said that it had launched a new desktop search tool that allows personal computer users to find documents or messages on their PCs.
NewsFactor - Verizon recently announced plans to roll out its new wireless BroadbandAccess service in 14 American cities, with more to follow.
Israeli helicopters fired eight rockets in Gaza City in response to an earlier attack by Hamas movement against an Israeli army post on the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt.
A suicide car bomber linked to al-Qaida killed 13 people just outside Baghdads Green Zone today, the first anniversary of Saddam Husseins capture.
The first ever direct talks between politicians and intellectuals of Indian and Pakistani Kashmir over the Kashmir dispute concluded here today with both the organisers and the participants stressing the need to continue dialogue.
A French court upholds complaints of anti-Semitism against a Lebanese TV station and orders it off the air.
US stocks added to earlier gains on Monday after software maker PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) accepted rival Oracle Corp.
AP - "Run away!" her husband screamed from a rooftop after he spotted the colossal waves.
Augusto Pinochet was president of Chile from 1974 to 1990 Chile #39;s former President Augusto Pinochet pictured has been placed under house arrest on human rights charges.
At least seven people have been killed and 17 wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, a year to the day since Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces.
Somewhere in their latest indignity in a six-game losing streak, the Giants stepped into a rabbit hole and found themselves reliving last season all over again.
Motorola Inc. #39;s shares bounced back Monday after falling sharply at the end of last week amid conflicting views on how the telecommunications equipment supplier would fare if Sprint Corp.
In NEW YORK item, please read headline as UPDATE 1-Franklin Resources in \$20 million SEC settlement, not \$21 million. A corrected version follows.
AP - Janel McCarville had 22 points and 11 rebounds to help No. 12 Minnesota beat Indiana 61-47 on Sunday.
If money can indeed buy happiness, then Chelsea may celebrate its first league title since 1955 when the Premiership season ends next May.
Charlie Weis says his job as Notre Dame #39;s new football coach is to raise expectations and win games. It #39;s as simple as that.
Berea, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia will miss the remainder of the season after being placed on injured reserve Monday with a knee injury.
A Chilean judge has formally charged former dictator Augusto Pinochet with murder and kidnapping in one of many pending cases related to human rights abuses during his 17-year rule.
At least 13 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday when a large explosion ripped through a Christmas market in the southern Philippine city of General Santos.
The Sri Lankan authorities have promised a full investigation into a bomb blast during a concert in Colombo on Saturday which killed two people.
Attention skywatchers: Grab a lawn chair and bundle up, because what experts believe will be this year's best meteor shower peaks tonight.
Wild populations of Australian dingoes may go extinct within 50 years unless steps are taken to prevent crossbreeding with domestic dogs, scientists and conservationists say.
A robust revenue stream combined with an exciting drug pipeline is the recipe for success.
Microsofthas joined the desktop search fray with its release Monday of the beta test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.
The company ups its 2004 guidance after the record-breaking success of Polar Express.
AMD and IBM said today they will begin using a strained-silicon transistor technology designed to augment processor performance and power efficiency.
NEW YORK - Comic-book villains like Magneto and The Green Goblin typically only blow up imaginary buildings and the occasional costumed crusader.
At least seven people, all understood to be civilians, have died when a car bomb exploded at a military checkpoint in Baghdad today.
AP - A Hamas activist survived a bombing Monday that destroyed his vehicle on a Damascus street shortly after he and his family stepped out, the Palestinian militant group said.
Microsoft has launched its long anticipated desktop search application, and it's packed with promising features and tools that make it a strong contender coming out the gate.
The Cassini spacecraft zoomed past Saturn #39;s largest moon early Monday, its radars and other science instruments piercing Titan #39;s thick atmosphere in search 
Anaheim, CA (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins made the signing of right- handed reliever Todd Jones official Monday by announcing a one-year contract.
At a summit this week, European Union leaders must decide when and how to begin membership talks with Turkey. That the summit will approve opening entry talks with Ankara is a forgone conclusion.
It #39;s a key argument in the use of file-sharing services -- and it #39;s one that the United States Supreme Court says it will take up.
Plus, IBM enters 21st century, Apple PayPals around, and Will Sprint and Nextel get together?
The company lowers its fourth-quarter and full-year earnings guidance.
The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
Eighteen months after it began, the bitter and bizarre takeover battle is over. The new challenge: Make this \$10.3 billion deal work.
Former billionaire Stelios Haji-Ioannou loves winning the good fight, whether battling US movie studios, the car rental industry or travel agents.
The manufacturing technology can result in faster chips without increasing power requirements, say the companies. By Darrell Dunn.
The de facto standard for grid computing will be licensed to companies, and the new venture will contract for technical support of the software and services that can help companies design and run computing grids.
Lockheed Martin Corp. on Monday announced that it will launch its Atlas V rocket on Dec. 17 as planned, while Boeing Co. waited to reschedule a launch of its Delta 
We #39;ve seen the smile more lately on Access Hollywood or the Today Show than walking up a fairway, but last week at Sherwood Country Club, it was different.
Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame #39;s head coach.
Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.
Romanians have elected Traian Basescu as the country #39;s next president in a surprise victory over Prime Minister Adrian Nastase that will also almost certainly prevent his 
Palestinian source in Beirut says was a failed attempt to kill a member of the militant Hamas group. utility vehicle owned by the unidentified Palestinian, who escaped unhurt.
AP - Walt Harris was officially introduced as Stanford's new football coach Monday, given the task of resurrecting a program that struggled in three seasons under Buddy Teevens.
MINNEAPOLIS - General Mills announced Monday that it is selling its stake in a European snack operation to PepsiCo for \$750 million.
TOURNAMENT host Tiger Woods shot a five-under 66 yesterday to overtake a fading Colin Montgomerie and win the \$7 million Target World Challenge in California.
A major statement was made to the heavyweight division on Saturday night: The Klitschko  quot;world domination quot; has officially begun.
When White Sox general manager Ken Williams walked briskly through the Anaheim Marriott lobby on Monday, it wasn #39;t because he was excited to inform chairman Jerry Reinsdorf 
Some Afghan fighters talk of being duped by bin Laden and pledge to work for his capture.
A market bombing in the southern Philippines Sunday killed at least 15 and injured dozens.
A California jury recommends that Scott Peterson should be executed for murdering his wife and their unborn son.
First baseman Wil Cordero agreed on Monday to a one-year contract with Washington.
AFP - The dollar softened as traders looked past better-than-expected US retail sales and focused on the likelihood that Tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.
IT IS hard to think of two designers more different in their work, taste and general sensibilities than Tommy Hilfiger and Karl Lagerfeld.
Microsoft today launched a beta version of its desktop search tool. This tool is ment to find documents, e-mail and other files stored on your own HDD.
AMD and IBM said Monday that they had developed a new strained-silicon process that offers more performance at the same power levels, a technology that will enter production in mid-2005.
WASHINGTON -- NASA #39;s director has turned in his resignation, ending three years marked by a space tragedy and extra scrutiny of the space agency.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Monday unveiled an upgrade of its thin-client platform, which enables access to corporate applications and data through broadband-enabled home and satellite offices.
Irish Premier Bertie Ahern has apologised to Ian Paisley in a bid to halt a new row over IRA disarmament turning into a political crisis, it has been claimed.
AP - Mel Thomas led No. 11 Connecticut with 12 points, snapping St. John's 11 game-winning streak with a 60-32 victory on Sunday.
Allard Baird would have liked to leave the 2004 Winter Meetings with a little more than the potential for trades in the rearview mirror.
AP - Pedro Martinez closed in on a four-year deal with the New York Mets, and the Boston Red Sox resigned themselves Monday to losing the three-time Cy Young Award winner.
AP - A federal judge heard arguments Monday in a trademark dispute that could threaten millions in advertising revenue for search engine Google Inc.
WASHINGTON, DC - Meteors will shoot across the sky in all directions on Monday night, the peak of the annual Geminid meteor shower.
The Marvel deal calls for Mforma to work with the comic book giant to develop a variety of mobile applications based on Marvel content.
AP - The Internet's key oversight agency gave a preliminary nod Monday to new domain names targeting mobile services and the jobs market.
One year ago today, the ace of spades in the infamous deck of 55 cards representing the most-wanted people in Iraq, was taken into custody.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on Monday\unveiled a new, preliminary version of its search tool for\finding documents, e-mail and other files stored on personal\computer hard drives.
AP - NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe's resignation letter to President Bush:
Tommy Hilfiger Corp. - whose once-hot preppy clothing business has cooled - is making a play to rekindle growth by buying luxury brand Karl Lagerfeld.
Officials at 3Com said today they have signed an agreement to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion-prevention systems.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials announced the release of its own desktop search application Monday, hoping to make up Google ground established two months ago.
Express features editor Holly Morris discusses Tuesday's special report about local providers of VoIP -- services that let you talk over the Internet with a regular phone and a broadband connection.
In the flat enterprise software market, the message is clear: It's time to hunt or be hunted.
Jon Oltsik explains why a new computing security conundrum presents CIOs with a problem that's not given to an easy solution.
The software company reveals details of update to its flagship Java development tool, JBuilder 2005, available next month. \
Honchos at new tech firms have to do more than show up to get the big bucks now, a new study says.
Software giant knocks \$100--half the original price--off its note-taking application.
The planned buy is only the latest shakeup in the market for content management products.
New Microsoft program smoothes transition from Chinese to English.
The 300,000-square-foot facility begins to buzz around 8 a.m. and churns continuously for a 10-hour shift (12 on the weekend).
The New York Mets and free agent Pedro Martinez are close to finalizing a four-year contract for the 33-year-old pitcher.
Volatile capital markets cited as nanotech firm--losing money and with no products yet--withdraws initial public stock offering.
Arno Penzias, who won a Nobel Prize for physics, is now a scientific adviser to Konarka.
IBM supercomputer drafted to help do the math on genes connected to cancer, other diseases.
Can food-poisoning bacteria E. coli make chips better than humans? Start-up says yes, but primordial soup will take time to steep.
Figuring it's had enough of fighting over options, the chip giant is waiting to see what Congress comes up with.
Executive vice president of sales becomes Sun's executive vice president for strategic development and Sun financing.\
Company discontinues many consumer electronics lines to focus on PCs--and profitability.
Biological and genetic weapons should take cue from online viruses and worms, British doctors say.
President Bush signs the 2005 budget for funding the Department of Homeland Security, allocating some \$40.7 billion to that agency, an increase of 6.6 percent over 2004.
The wireless automation technology will see explosive growth over the next few years, a new study predicts.
Did you feel that extra jolt of electricity in the air when you arrived at work today? Yes, it's...
Juniper Networks lands two top Cisco Systems executives to lead a newly developed channel program.
International body in charge of doling out IP addresses is set to give out new IPv6 addresses.
Juniper Networks sets tone for earnings season--analysts expect strong growth in IP networking.
Tony Li helped develop some of the most sophisticated Internet Protocol routers in the world for Cisco and Juniper. Now he's ready to dish on his ex-employers.
This WeatherBug Backyard weather station, dubbed the Wireless Vantage Pro2, streams meteorology data to a desktop.
XM Satellite Radio Holdings introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio.
Microsoft today joined the desktop search fray by releasing the beta-test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.
Oracle reported second-quarter 2005 earnings that beat analyst expectations today, thanks to new software revenue and continued gains from license updates and product support.
Oracle has signed an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for about \$10.3 billion, the companies said this morning.
Jeff Zimmerman's recent baseball biography reads like a broken record, or in a more modern idiom, "Groundhog Day."
AP - Carrie Mason had 16 points for Virginia Tech, which hung on to upset No. 17 Maryland 77-67 in the Hokies' Atlantic Coast Conference debut on Sunday.
IBM has infiltrated deeper into EMC #39;s storage line with a new version of its SAN (storage area network) Volume Controller software.
American Tiger Woods has won the annual exhibition golf tournament he hosts, posting a two-stroke victory over Padraig Harrington of Ireland at the Target World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, California.
Corey Dillon faced his former team for the first time when it counted on Sunday in Foxboro. Dillon demanded to be let out of Cincinnati and backed up his actions with questionable behavior.
A WARRANT placing former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet under house arrest on charges of murder and kidnapping has been suspended after an appeal by his lawyers.
Online extortion is quietly affecting thousands of businesses, for a very simple reason: it works. The big question then becomes, how will you and your company decide to respond?
Though Sprung offers clever dialogue and a unique premise, the repetitive, simplistic gameplay ends the honeymoon early. Chris Kohler reviews the new game for the Nintendo DS.
Chile's former President Augusto Pinochet is charged with murder and kidnapping, but his house arrest is lifted.
Lebanese opposition parties join forces for the first time to counter Syria's influence over Lebanese politics.
A quick analysis of players picked in the major league portion of the 2004 Rule 5 draft held Monday. Each selection costs \$50,000.
The former military ruler was indicted over the disappearance of nine opposition activists and the killing of one of them during his 17-year regime.
PC World - Thumbnail-sized memory card's maximum capacity will be 128MB.
The Redmond, Washington-based software allows the user to quickly locate files on personal computers -- just like Google #39;s two-month-old rival product.
IBM and Advanced Micro Devices have come up with a new way of straining silicon in a move that will allow them to make chips with better performance.
Scientists may have discovered a way of patching injured hearts with manufactured tissue swatches that carry the same properties as actual cardiac tissue.
AP - The Republican leader of the California Senate has introduced a resolution calling for the dissolution of the Bowl Championship Series.
A judge in Chile is once again trying to bring former dictator Augusto Pinochet to trial for humans rights abuses during his 1973-90 regime.
Unocal Corp. (UCL) has agreed to settle two closely watched lawsuits accusing the US oil giant of turning a blind eye to human rights abuses that occurred during the 
Stargazers can catch a spectacular sight if they turn their eyes to the sky tonight. NASA officials say the Geminids will provide the best meteor shower of the year.
Editor #39;s note: The following excerpts are from Oracle CEO Larry Ellison #39;s press conference Monday announcing an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft.
The Allen Institute for Brain Science has released a major chunk of data from its mapping of the mouse brain genome, hoping the information will help researchers understand how the human brain works.
TIGER Woods hinted that his victory at the Target World Challenge on Sunday was a sign that his old self may be set for a return in 2005.
As general managers stampeded toward the airport, and Pedro Martinez reflected on the beauties of Flushing Meadow, another edition of baseball #39;s winter meetings ended Monday.
The NHL plans to reject the players #39; association #39;s latest collective bargaining agreement proposal today in Toronto, and the 2004-05 season appears destined for cancellation.
Britain will this week offer a series of concessions to France and Germany to assuage their fears about Turkish membership of the European Union.
The world's highest traffic bridge is to be inaugurated in southern France by President Jacques Chirac.
American Express, which fought for years for the right to sign deals with United States banks that issue cards on the Visa and MasterCard networks, said late yesterday that it had won 
One in 10 of all bird species is likely to disappear by the end of the century, according to a study published today. A further 15 per cent of birds could be on the brink 
Firefox, the open-source alternative to browser heavyweight Internet Explorer has surpassed the 10 million download mark in the month that has passed since version 1.0 of the browser was released.
Rising sea temperatures will boost coral growth, according to Australian research that flies in the face of predictions that climate change could spell death for the world #39;s coral reefs.
FORMER world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis has hinted he could be tempted out of retirement by a mouth-watering rematch with WBC title-holder Vitali Klitschko.
The Red Sox are no longer in the negotiating stage with Pedro Martinez, their ace of the last seven seasons. Instead, they are bracing for the strong likelihood that Martinez 
The heads of auto giants Fiat SpA and General Motors Corp. meet in Switzerland on Tuesday to discuss the possible sale of Fiat #39;s auto business.
Electronic Arts, the leading maker of sports video games, signed an exclusive five-year contract with the National Football League and the NFL Players Association, deals that will give the 
AP - Charlie Weis promises to give Notre Dame an arrogant attitude and turn the Fighting Irish into an intelligent, hard-working, nasty football team.
AP - Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair missed a second straight start Monday night and his fifth this season because of his bruised sternum.
AP - Infielder Jose Hernandez and the Cleveland Indians agreed to a  #36;1.8 million, one-year contract Monday.
The last time Deutsche Borse attempted a deal with the London Stock Exchange it was portrayed as a merger of equals. The two exchanges, both mutuals, in 2000 planned to join 
Tommy Hilfiger, chairman and chief designer of the US fashion company, yesterday bought up clothing brands belonging to the stylist Karl Lagerfeld for an undisclosed sum.
A controversial new program will have lieutenant colonels interact with high school students.
Gary Winnick, the former chairman of Global Crossing, is to be cleared by watchdogs of wrongdoing following the collapse of the once high-flying telecoms group.
Sprint's negotiations to buy Nextel have ignited fears that Motorola will lose its exclusive deal to supply phones and equipment to Nextel.
Jaguar workers delivered a snub to union leaders by rejecting plans to strike over Ford #39;s decision to stop car assembly at the Browns Lane plant in Coventry.
There is new life in their trade talks with Arizona for Randy Johnson, the left-hander who has not budged from his desire to be traded to the Yankees.
Unam Pumas became the first team to win back-to-back titles in Mexico when they defeated Monterrey on Saturday in the second leg of the title series.
Lloyds TSB yesterday reassured investors the new International Accounting Standards would have a minimal impact on its business, and said trading remained robust 
The lack of standby rescue helicopters at CFB Moose Jaw was not a factor in the fate of two Snowbird pilots after their planes crashed on Friday, says Defense Minister Bill Graham.
Across the country, thousands of toddlers are joining studies that could signal new hope for a baffling childhood disorder.
Executives at the Illinois-based UAL Corp., parent of bankrupt United Airlines, will share airline employees #39; pain with pay cuts of 4 percent to 8 percent.
The creators of the Globus open source grid software formally launched software and services company Univa on Monday with the hopes of capitalizing on their work on grid computing.
The former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet was placed under house arrest on human rights charges yesterday after a judge in Santiago ruled he was mentally fit to stand trial.
The Philippine film legend who came close to defeating Gloria Arroyo in the presidential race in May died early today after suffering a stroke.
A member of Hamas, the militant Palestinian organisation, survived an apparent assassination attempt yesterday when his car blew up in the Syrian capital, Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Notre Dame introduced its new coach, Charlie Weis, a few hours before Tyrone Willingham was introduced as the new coach at Washington on Monday.
The team and infielder Jose Hernandez agreed to a one-year, one-point-eight (m) million dollar contract today at the winter meetings in Anaheim, California.
Fernando Poe Jr., the action film star and presidential candidate who refused to concede the election in May, died early Tuesday after suffering a stroke.
The name of this game is who can capture the most adult gamers. Heading into the year-end shopping season, Sony Computer Entertainment Inc.
The head of the US space agency, NASA, has resigned after a tumultuous three years in office that included the loss of a space shuttle and its seven astronauts.
AP - Despite horrific struggles in recent weeks, Tom Coughlin still believes that Eli Manning is going to be an outstanding quarterback for the reeling New York Giants.
The video game maker Electronic Arts announced an exclusive five-year deal with the National Football League and its players yesterday to design games using the NFL brand, stadiums, player names and uniforms.
A lineup makeover designed to produce more runs and wins next season looked more hopeful than fulfilled Monday evening, when the Mariners ended the Winter Meetings without a visible home run trot.
Pakistani officials on Monday denied a report about the presence of a Central Intelligence Agency search mission for the terrorist leader Osama bin Laden in 
AFP - China has detained two prominent intellectuals in what appears to be a renewed crackdown on dissent by authorities, family members and sources said.
Doctors in the Netherlands call for new laws allowing the mercy killing of newborn babies under certain conditions.
The Israeli prime minister Ariel said peace talks depend on whether militants are reined in.
The Oracle Corporation announced early yesterday that it would acquire PeopleSoft for \$10.3 billion, ending a bitter takeover fight that had lasted more than 18 months.
The new reserves come on top of 300 million earmarked last year to pay compensation for failing endowment policies and mis-sold precipice bonds.
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and his central bank colleagues are widely expected to raise short-term interest rates for a fifth and final time this year Tuesday.
Microsoft has released a preliminary version of its search tool for finding documents, e-mail messages and other files stored on personal computer hard drives.
By 2100, about 10 of all bird species probably will be extinct, killed off by habitat loss, hunting and climate change, conservation biologists estimate.
Before Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein left baseball #39;s winter meetings on Monday afternoon, he told executives from other teams that Boston had lost Pedro Martinez 
The Rev Ian Paisleys Democratic Unionists will meet Tony Blair at Downing Street today as efforts continue to resolve the impasse over IRA disarmament.
The Mets are close to signing Pedro Martnez to a four-year contract for \$56 million, according to a person involved in the negotiations.
Bruce Ratner now spends his time trying to convince fans not to abandon a team that abandoned Kenyon Martin in a series of jumbled decisions last summer.
The merger is another step in the consolidation of the information technology industry as it matures.
Garment makers in poor countries have been dismayed over the upcoming abolition of trade quotas, but the outlook is not as bleak as many experts had thought.
The Ravens hold on to a 30-23 victory over the Miami Dolphins after building a 20-point lead and now need losses by Denver and Jacksonville to make the postseason.
China #39;s promise to impose new taxes on some textile exports will do little to sway the administration as it debates whether to limit the expected flood of Chinese 
Although the recent flurry of record oil prices might be temporary, government analysts said Thursday that \$30-a-barrel oil should be expected for decades to come.
The financial titans hope their co-branded cards win over better-heeled, prompt-paying consumers. It may not be so simple, however.
Viewing conditions could be just right to try and catch a meteor shower Monday night. Some scientists say the best shooting star show of the year will peak Monday night.
Earlier today, Mforma and Marvel Enterprises announced the mobile entertainment industry #39;s largest content licensing deal to date.
With two starters on the bench, Wake Forest had a different look at the start of its game against Temple. The postgame celebration wasn #39;t quite the same, either.
Cincinnati Bengals Coach Marvin Lewis said yesterday that he expects quarterback Carson Palmer to play again this season, but he doesn #39;t know if it will be this week.
Antonio Palocci, a doctor from Brazil's farm belt, has found himself presiding as the country's finance minister during the most robust economic expansion in a decade.
General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler AG are throwing their combined weight behind a new hybrid technology for cars and trucks, setting the stage for a spread to the mainstream.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has rejected a staff recommendation to bring civil charges against former Global Crossing Ltd. chairman Gary Winnick, his lawyer said Monday.
Georgetown Prep's football team will not be allowed to play in the Interstate Athletic Conference, not because the Little Hoyas broke any rules, but because they're too good.
Geico Corp. yesterday urged a federal judge in Alexandria to issue an injunction prohibiting Internet giant Google Inc. from selling ads based on searches using the Washington insurance giant #39;s 
IBM Corp. (NYSE: IBM) and Advanced Micro Devices (NYSE: AMD) said Monday that they have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at 
Carmakers DaimlerChrysler and General Motors are to co-operate on developing a new type of transmission-based system to compete with Toyota and Honda in the growing hybrid market.
AP - Readership of online journals known as blogs grew significantly in 2004, driven by increased awareness of them during the presidential campaign and other major news events, according to a study released Sunday.
Fulham boss Chris Coleman on Monday backed neighbours Chelsea to be crowned Barclays Premiership champions after Manchester United slipped up at Craven Cottage.
The World Trade Organization (WTO) has approved requests by Iraq and Afghanistan to begin membership negotiations, but Iran #39;s bid for such talks was again blocked by the United States.
Islamabad, Dec 14 - Experts from Pakistan and India are meeting today and tomorrow in Islamabad to discuss nuclear and conventional confidence building measures (CBMs).
Investor's Business Daily - Just as you can download music to an iPod, some folks are doing the same with a new form of talk radio.
American Express, which fought for the right to sign deals with banks that issue cards on the Visa and MasterCard networks, said that it won a contract with Citigroup.
Thumbnail-sized memory card's maximum capacity will be 128MB.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The Federal Open Market committee is meeting behind closed doors on Tuesday and the most that financial markets can muster is a collective yawn.
Jaguar workers have voted against strike action in protest at the axing of car production in Coventry. Although the switch from Browns Lane to production facilities at Castle Bromwich in Birmingham forces 
With the launch this week of new toolbars, Microsoft wants to make it as easy to find lost files on your desktop as it is to search the Web.
China with its large population provides a big market for the PC Manufacturers. However, it is the local computer makers who rule the Chinese PC Market.
Five prestigious university and public libraries have reached agreement with Google Inc. to digitize millions of volumes in their collections and make portions of the text available for free 
Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein was not on a hunger strike, the US military said Sunday. File video footage released on December 14, 2004 shows Saddam Hussein having his 
LeBron James has a stellar all-around game with 31 points, eight assists and seven steals to lead Cleveland over Memphis, 92-86.
The video game maker Electronic Arts announced an exclusive five-year deal with the National Football League to design games using the N.F.L. brand.
Thierry Henry might find some consolation in the fact that the European Player of the Year has gone on to be crowned the worlds best only once in the last four years.
The majority of employers in Hamilton and Fairfield dont plan to hire over the next three months, according the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
Reuters - A suicide car bomber killed at least\seven Iraqis outside Baghdad's government compound on Monday,\the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein's capture.
Google, the operator of the world #39;s most popular Internet search service, plans to announce an agreement Tuesday with some of the nation #39;s leading research libraries and Oxford 
Yahoo has named Dr. Usama Fayyad as Chief Data Officer and senior vice president of the Strategic Data Solutions group. Fayyad will be responsible for Yahoo!
Oracle today announced its Oracle(r) Collaboration Suite 10g with new real-time collaboration tools and enterprise content management capabilities.
Once Mississippi State started rolling, New Orleans was no match for the 20th-ranked Bulldogs. Shane Power scored 17 points and Mississippi State extended its road winning streak to 13 games 
Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database.
Take heart, Internet Explorer users. Now it appears that virtually every Internet browser program - not just yours - poses a security risk.
The World Trade Organisation gave approval on Monday for Iraq and Afghanistan to begin negotiations to join the 148-member body - but the US again blocked the opening of accession talks with Iran.
The United States and China have both taken steps to control an expected flood of cheap Chinese textiles and clothing into the world market after a decades-old quota system expires on January 1.
More than four years after burying their ambitious iX merger project, the Frankfurt and London stock exchanges had returned to the negotiating table to discuss a possible tie-up 
AP - Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
A confidential eight-page memo sent from the NHL to its 30 member clubs indicates the league and its players #39; union remain far apart with negotiations scheduled to resume today.
Ben Roethlisberger needed less than a season to close the considerable gap between himself and Eli Manning, the top choice in this year #39;s draft.
London - Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet was on Monday placed under house arrest on human rights charges after a judge in Santiago ruled he was mentally fit to stand trial.
AP - The Mars rover Spirit found a mineral linked to water during its exploration of the Red Planet, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory said Monday.
The captain of a Royal Navy warship is removed during a tour of duty to the Gulf amid allegations of bullying.
Microprocessor maker AMD and IBM have developed a strained silicon transistor technology aimed at improving processor performance and power efficiency.
LONDON: Papa Bouba Diop smashed in a stunning late equaliser to give Fulham a deserved 1-1 home draw with Manchester United in the Premiership early this morning.
The Red Sox and the Indians were tied, 8-8, in the fifth and deciding game of the 1999 Division Series when Pedro Martinez was summoned from the bullpen.
A loud explosion rattled central Baghdad on Tuesday and a cloud of smoke could be seen rising close to the Green Zone government and diplomatic compound.
BUENOS AIRES: Climate change could cut China #39;s food production 10 percent by 2050, said an official report at a major UN conference here.
Google has announcing five new content partners and a massive scanning project that will bring millions of volumes of printed books into the Google Print database. 
Human rights groups lauded the announcement by lawyers that an agreement in principle has been reached to settle human rights lawsuits against oil giant Unocal Corp.
Bob Goodenow, executive director of the NHL Players Association, created a lot of suspense when he submitted a dramatic contract proposal to the league last week.
Sprint and Nextel Communications could unveil their \$36 billion merger within a few days, but speculation has intensified about the emergence of a rival bid.
Online buying continues to snowball, according to the results of a recent America Online survey. This year, for the first time, Americans who regularly use the Internet for shopping -- researching 
Microsoft Corp. released its long-awaited desktop search technology yesterday, entering a crowded race to dominate information access on Windows-based PCs.
The US Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider a case likely to have a significant impact on the music, video and electronics industries.
During a negotiating session today in Toronto, NHL owners are expected to turn thumbs-down on last week #39;s proposal from the NHL Players Association.
The New York Yankees haven #39;t given up improving their pitching rotation yet, and they appear to be making moves with a certain tall left-hander in Arizona in mind.
The Palestinian resistance movement Hamas is accusing Israel of responsibility for the bombing attack on one of its members in the Syrian capital Damascus.
British companies plan to hire more new employees in the first three months of next year compared with plans made for the first quarter of this year, employment agency Manpower says.
Customers of investor-owned electric utilities must cover all the expenses of these legal monopolies in the rates they pay. But what happens when a utility owner 
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology reported yesterday that by using cells harvested from rats, they have grown dime-size swatches of 
For days, Omar Minaya was hedging and bluffing, trying to carefully hide his intentions. Finally, he just threw his cards on the table and came up with an ace.
Lenny Wilkens isn #39;t taking for granted what practically everyone else is -- that a healthy Knicks team will make the postseason.
Former US President Bill Clinton has ruled out the possibility of reaching a comprehensive solution to the Palestinian issue and the the Arab-Israeli conflict within the next 
AFP - Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was left seething at his side's inability to cash in on the draw between English Premiership favourites Arsenal and Chelsea.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal deputy Immigration minister filed a complaint against the ethics commissioner Monday with the Official Languages Commission over testimony being conducted only in English.
A car bomb explodes at a US checkpoint in Baghdad -  a day after an almost identical attack there killed seven.
President Chen resigns as DPP chairman in Taiwan, in a move which could signal a new drive to find consensus.
The Mavericks' Michael Finley nails a jumper with 3.2 seconds left to lift Dallas to a tough 94-93 victory over Chicago on Monday.
High performance with low power, the removable memory card which is smaller than the size of a thumbnail, is expected to revolutionize cell phone designs.
Web portal Yahoo on Monday appointed Usama Fayyad as its chief data officer and senior vice president of the strategic data solutions group.
Paris, France (Sports Network) - AC Milan and Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko was named the European Footballer of the Year Monday.
Two US Marines were killed Monday around the Iraqi capital, the US. military said in a statement on Tuesday. The two Marines of the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force died within 
America's second largest airline announces widespread pay cuts as it strives to emerge from bankruptcy.
Chris Coleman still believes Chelsea will win the Barclays Premiership this season after watching his side put a further dent in Manchester Uniteds own title aspirations at Craven Cottage last night.
It was a tumultuous three years in which the future of NASA seemed to die a tragic death, and then rise from the ashes to focus on a historic new goal.
US telecoms firm Verizon is reported to have won the backing of mobile partner Vodafone for a bid for US rival Sprint.
Many of them have been extraordinarily patient; some died waiting. A few are relative newcomers sensing an opportunity.
Mayor Thomas M. Menino is going ahead with redevelopment of the historic Ferdinand Building in Dudley Square, even though the state has dumped a plan to relocate 1,000 or so employees there.
Crude oil futures rose above \$41 a barrel yesterday as traders focused on OPEC's planned production cutback and colder weather in the United States.
Google, the ubiquitous Internet search engine, is taking the University of Michigan #39;s library from Ann Arbor to the world. BY THE NUMBERS.
Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
The NHL reportedly will reject the latest proposal from the players #39; union that was meant to put an end to the lockout and salvage the season.
Brian Cashman wore a sweatshirt and blue jeans as he cruised the emptying lobby of the Anaheim Marriott on Monday. He grabbed a pizza.
The World Trade Organisation (WTO) agreed on Monday to begin accession talks with Iraq and Afghanistan, but the United States again blocked any such negotiations with Iran, diplomats said.
The Federal Government says it is interested in slowing global warming, even though it has not ratified the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
A chronology of highlights and lowlights from Pedro Martinez's seven years (1998-2004) as a Red Sox pitcher:
Reuters - At least 25 people were feared killed\Tuesday in a collision between two passenger trains in northern\India, television stations reported.
Japan's Sony and South Korea's Samsung agree a deal to share patents on new technology.
For the first time in years, manufacturing may be one of the best places to look for a job in Northwest Indiana. Durable goods manufacturing and services will have the best job prospects in 
The Danske Bank Group has signed an agreement with National Australia Bank to purchase Northern Bank (www.nbonline.co.uk) in Northern Ireland and National Irish Bank (www.
Juan Dixon takes advantage of some rare playing time by scoring 15 fourth-quarter points to help the Wizards beat the Hawks, 104-101.
Samsung Electronics has developed an ultra small, fingernail-sized digital imaging flash memory card that is less than one-third the size of existing memory cards.
The cone of silence surrounding Notre Dame #39;s courtship of Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis was lifted from Gillette Stadium yesterday 
Brown, a senior guard, and Miller, a junior tight end, made Virginia one of four schools with at least two players on the first team.
Tyrone Willingham and Lorenzo Romar are recognized as accomplished college coaches, the biggest reason Washington administrators are glad to have them working the sidelines.
If it works as promised, DNA bar coding will assist in the urgent task of cataloging unknown species before their ranks are decimated by extinction.
The relationships we all have with those little pieces of matter, our pills, are becoming ridiculously tangled.
Scientists know so little about a disorder that links a strep infection with obsessive-compulsive disorder in children that some question whether it even exists.
Now that the DNA that makes a chicken a chicken had been sequenced, I'm hoping we'll learn why chickens can't sing.
Sony Corporation and Samsung Electronics have agreed to share patents on technology used in the development of new products. The agreement will involve a wide range of commercial licenses but will not include 
General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are collaborating on development of fuel- saving hybrid engines in hopes of cashing in on an expanding market dominated by hybrid leaders Toyota and Honda.
Danske Bank on Tuesday said it agreed to buy two Irish banks from the National Australia Bank for 967 million pounds (\$1.93 billion) in cash.
 WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - Larry Hughes scored a  game-high 26 points to lead Washington over Atlanta, 104-101,  at the MCI Center.
NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory says the Mars rover Spirit has found a mineral linked to water during its exploration of the Red Planet.
Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has been handed a one-match touchline ban after being sent from the dugout during his side #39;s defeat at Fulham last month.
There is no magic number except for that countdown to Christmas. There are no banners for league titles won in November and December.
AP - Egypt wants jobs. Israel wants a meaningful peace. And the nations plan to sign an agreement that they hope will fulfill both their goals.
A suicide bomber steered a car full of explosives into the western gate of the protected compound that houses the interim government and embassies here on 
The Arab world needs a revolutionary vision, like that of Dubai, to achieve lasting peace, security and prosperity in the Middle East, said former US President Bill Clinton.
 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - At least 25 people were killed and  more than 250 injured Tuesday when two trains collided in the  northern Indian state of Punjab, police said.
Microsoft Corp. yesterday made its debut in the suddenly ultracompetitive market for helping people find elusive files and information on their computer hard drives.
FOXBORO, Mass.  Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame #39;s head coach.
On Nov. 18, 1997, the Red Sox sent a young minor league pitching prospect named Carl Pavano to the Montreal Expos in exchange for Pedro Martinez.
Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers hope to put yet another controversy behind them as they begin a two-game road trip against the Seattle SuperSonics.
Online shopping has become hugely popular among Britons in the run-up to Christmas, research suggests.
Computer games giant Electronic Arts signs exclusive agreements with the US National Football League.
Yesterday #39;s immediate dismissal of Paul Tellier is a move analysts say increases investor uncertainty over the company #39;s direction.
Pearson said on Tuesday it had agreed to sell its controlling stake in Spanish media group Recoletos for 743m to a consortium of Spanish investors.
Columbia native and former astronaut Charles Bolden is on the short list to replace Sean OKeefe, who resigned Monday after three tumultuous years running the nations space program.
BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- Ten percent of all bird species are set to go extinct by the end of this century, US researchers said on Monday.
Hollywood #39;s major studios intend to escalate their battle against illegal movie downloading by targeting the popular BitTorrent network and those who operate 
He is gone, and that is unfortunate, but it is not tragic or disastrous or catastrophic. Pedro Martinez stats, news was worth every cent the Red Sox stats, schedule 
The Clippers have seemed destined for overtimes in this young NBA season. On Monday night, they squandered a 14-point lead and again found themselves in overtime.
BEIJING, Dec. 14 -- The Phoenix Suns continued to blaze brightly as they beat Orlando Magic 121-100 and kept their leading position at the NBA.
AP - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin passed Eric Dickerson and Jerome Bettis on the NFL career rushing list Sunday against the St. Louis Rams, moving to fourth all-time.
Judge Juan Guzman yesterday indicted former General Augusto Pinochet for his involvement in the Condor operation, while he had Chile under military rule between 1973 and 1990.
Two Marines were killed in Iraq #39;s volatile Anbar province, the military said today. A military statement said two Marines assigned to the 1st Marine Expeditionary 
A member of the Palestinian resistance group Hamas escaped unhurt on Monday when a bomb blew up his car in the Syrian capital Damascus, a Palestinian source said.
Sean O #39;Keefe, who resigned Monday as the head of NASA to pursue his application to become chancellor of Louisiana State University, is credited with helping restore the space 
Google Inc. has launched an effort to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.
Lawrence Gonzi will at the end of this week lead a Maltese team at a crucial EU summit marking the end of the six month Dutch presidency.
Denmark's largest bank is to buy a Belfast-based and Dublin-based bank from National Australian Bank for 967m.
General Motors and DaimlerChrysler announced plans yesterday to collaborate on fuel-saving hybrid gasoline-electric propulsion systems, which analysts said could reduce the costs of their 
The new year may be a slow one for job seekers, as few area employers expect to be hiring in the first quarter of 2005, the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey showed.
In what could have passed for a campaign kickoff, Mayor Bloomberg yesterday touted fresh statistics that show crime in the city continued to plunge this year.
After Google announced their search software utility and Yahoo! told the world they are working on a similar program. MSN is now beta testing their software.
The researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company on Monday to commercialise what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Last order date tomorrow
The libraries of some of the world's most important academic institutions are to be digitised by Google.
The world's tallest bridge, higher even than the Eiffel Tower, is being inaugurated by the French president. 
The head of the US space agency (Nasa), Sean O'Keefe, resigns after three years in the post.
 NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Two passenger trains collided in  northern India Tuesday, killing at least 25 people and injuring  more than 250, police said.
Congo #39;s government spokesman denied Tuesday that rival army factions were fighting each other in the east of the country and insisted the clashes were between Congolese and Rwandan forces.
Rising fuel costs and high air fares push up UK inflation during November, according to official figures.
AP - Two passenger trains collided head-on on a stretch of rural track in northern India on Tuesday, killing at least 20 people and injuring dozens of others, officials said.
A remnant of the largest iceberg ever recorded is blocking Antarctica #39;s McMurdo Sound, threatening tens of thousands of penguin chicks with 
TheDeal.com - Lawyers were cordial after PeopleSoft agreed for the enterprise software company to acquire it for  #36;26.50 a share.
Two months after Google opened up a whole new market with its desktop search tool, Microsoft has joined the party with the release of its own beta test version.
Gamers have bought almost all of the first batch of Sony #39;s new PlayStation Portable (PSP) games console, which went on sale in Japan on Sunday.
The Motion Picture Ass. of America (MPAA) will today launch a legal attack on BitTorrent users in a bid to prevent ripped DVDs being shared across the network.
IBM is claiming a storage management victory over EMCand has said it can control its entire line of storage arrays with the latest version of its San Volume Controller appliance.
Dusty Mangum kicks a 37-yard field goal as time expires and No. 6 Texas, behind quarterback Vince Young, edges No. 13 Michigan, 38-37.
Fiat will meet car giant GM on Tuesday in an attempt to reach agreement over the future of the Italian firm's loss-making auto group.
AP - As he prepares to end his tenure as secretary of state, Colin Powell is ruling out a run for political office.
Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing a test version of its tool to find documents, e-mails and other files on a PC hard drive.
Seoul, December 14: South Korea #39;s Samsung electronics and Sony of Japan on Tuesday singed an agreement to share patents for digital technologies in major products, Samsung said.
AFP - Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir reiterated his commitment to implementing peace accords with southern rebels and to pursuing a settlement to the Darfur conflict.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. Google is trying to establish an online reading room for the University of Michigan library and four other major libraries.
LONDON - After a year of negotiations two of the world #39;s giants of consumer electronics, Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. and Sony Corp.
This week, NASA has concerned itself with the fact that the astronauts aboard the international space station are running out of food.
Suspected Islamists kill four and seize dozens of weapons from a drug control body in Russia's North Caucasus.
Microsoft has entered the desktop search fray, releasing an initial version of software to scour a PC hard drive.
Japanese gamers buy almost all of the first batch of Sony's new PlayStation Portable handheld console.
The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market.
AFP - Pakistan and India held talks to hammer out an agreement on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests and other steps to avert any accidental launch of nuclear weapons.
Sean O'Keefe quit Monday to pursue a job as chancellor of Louisiana State University Baton Rouge campus.
A jailed Indonesian militant's autobiography urges fellow Muslim radicals to attack U.S. computers, with the particular aim of committing credit card fraud.
More couples are selecting the sex of their children, using techniques developed to help couples who are infertile or at risk for having babies with genetic diseases.
AccountingWEB.com - Dec-14-2004 - After an emotional and often bitter 18-month battle, PeopleSoft Inc. agreed to be acquired by Oracle Corp.
On one side of Mars, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has found a mineral that solidly points to water activity. Meanwhile, the Opportunity rover has found confirmation 
Mozilla #39;s Firefox is gaining ground, and fast. In the beginning of this year, Microsoft Internet Explorer was almost fully controlling the market on its own.
An analysis of the 5.7 million lines of Linux source code shows that it contains fewer bugs per thousand lines of code than commercial counterparts. By Michelle Delio.
Advances in biotechnology are limiting the damage oil spills inflict, as scientists supercharge bacteria to devour petroleum. By John Gartner.
A coalition of groups that do not believe the Ohio presidential election was conducted accurately asks the Ohio Supreme Court to review the swing state's voting results.
AP - LeBron James was fitted with a mask to protect his broken left cheek and might play in the Cleveland Cavaliers' next game even though he only shot during practice Sunday.
Sony and Samsung have entered into a far-reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company #39;s intellectual properties to the other.
Red Bull Racing say they want to sign David Coulthard so that they have an experienced driver for their first Formula One season next year.
AP - Reserve guard Juan Dixon scored all 15 of his points in the fourth quarter Sunday to lead the Washington Wizards to a 104-101 victory over Atlanta for the Hawks' fourth straight loss.
AFP - Japanese video game fans have bought nearly all 200,000 PlayStation Portable (PSP) handheld video-game machines launched on Sunday by Sony, the company said.
 MUKERIAN, India (Reuters) - Two passenger trains collided  in northern India on Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and  injuring more than 50, officials said.
US interest rates are expected to rise for the fifth time since June following the US Federal Reserve #39;s latest rate-setting meeting later on Tuesday.
Microsoft #39;s MSN has unveiled desktop-search technology, entering a hotly contested race to dominate information access on the PC.
SEARCH ENGINE megagiant Google is to digitise a substantial number of volumes held in the libraries of Harvard and Oxford Universities.
Crude oil futures begin to factor in colder weather in the US Northeast and OPEC decision to cut production to keep the prices high.
AFP - British National Party (BNP) leader Nick Griffin was arrested on suspicion of incitement to commit racial hatred.
Soon anyone will be able to browse the University library, whether he is in Ann Arbor or Europe or anywhere in between. The University announced a partnership with Google 
Toshiba Corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Kansas City scored two touchdowns in the game #39;s final 32 seconds to cap a wild 49-38 victory over Tennessee last night.
AFP - Egypt has decided to increase transit fees for ships using the Suez Canal by an average of three percent next year, the canal authority revealed.
Marwan Barghouti, the leader of the Palestinian uprising now imprisoned in Israel, withdrew today from the Palestinian race for president.
The DR Congo government says its troops are battling Rwandan soldiers and not Congolese rebels, as earlier reported.
Israel's ruling Likud party and opposition Labour struggle to agree over the state budget,  according to reports. 
Madonna made more money from touring than any other star in 2004, with \$125m, Billboard magazine says.
A global virtual library is one step nearer today after Google, the internet search group, announced it is working on a project to digitally scan the collections at seven libraries and make them available online.
Samsung has developed a cut-down version of the multimedia memory card (MMC) that it hopes to see deployed in future mobile phones.
Head-to-heads: The two teams have met 49 times since 1956-57. Australia hold the advantage with 21 victories while Pakistan have won 11, with 17 draws.
Iraq's interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced that proceedings would begin against former Baath Party leaders.
One of four U.S. military officers in Afghanistan alleged to have murdered a local man they believed was following their movements was issued an official reprimand.
As the UN climate conference meets in Argentina, a new report questions the economic sense in tackling greenhouse gases so vigorously now.
Samsung and Sony have signed a five-year cross-licensing agreement covering a wide range of patents for digital products. The agreement should reduce the potential for disputes 
JAMMU, India : Two trains collided head-on in the northern Indian state of Punjab Tuesday, killing 15 to 20 people, the railway minister said.
In separate statements both Syria and the Islamic resistance movement Hamas accused Israel of being responsible for the booby trapped car explosion which took place Monday evening in Mezze in Damascus.
The new PlayStation Portable (PSP) portable game console reportedly sold out at Tokyo electronic retailers within hours of its debut on Sunday.
BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber linked to al-Qaeda killed 13 people in Baghdad yesterday, the first anniversary of Saddam Hussein #39;s capture.
The trials of former members of Saddam Hussein #39;s Iraqi regime will begin next week, interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has said.
The US trade deficit widens to fresh record levels after higher oil prices raise the cost of imports.
Egypt and Israel sign a trade protocol with the US, allowing Egyptian goods made with the support of Israel free access to American markets.
General Motors and DaimlerChrysler are joining forces to develop a new hybrid powertrain that they claim is more efficient and flexible than current hybrids.
The Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 Index rose, spurred by gains among computer-related shares after the New York Times reported Symantec Corp.
Google Inc., the most-used Web-search service, will scan books and documents from four universities and the New York Public Library, offering access to material unavailable on Yahoo!
(National-NBC) Dec. 14, 2004 - Conservation biologists say ten percent of all bird species could be extinct in the next 100 years.
In a flash, Samsung has unveiled its latest removable storage product, and it #39;s only a quarter of the size of a standard multimedia memory card.
Pulsing transplanted heart cells with electrical current helps them grow into mature cardiac cells, bringing doctors closer to a grow-your-own heart patch, US researchers said on Tuesday.
Celtic #39;s Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have been suspended for offences missed by the referee in last month #39;s explosive Old Firm match.
Iran is willing to talk with the United States about a nuclear program that Washington alleges is aimed at secretly acquiring the bomb, Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi said Monday.
Reuters - Coffee lovers are digging deeper into\their pockets for their daily fix of the black brew.
Despite a lowered outlook for 2005, investors gave a thumbs-up for Honeywell's recent deal.
Although problems still hang over the company, Bristol-Myers is paving the way for recovery.
The battle for search-technology supremacy extended to new front today when Microsoft launched a tool for finding files stored on personal computers.
AFP - Celtic went three points clear at the top of the Scottish Premier League with a 2-1 win at home to Livingston.
India and Pakistan on Tuesday held talks on nuclear confidence building measures aimed at reducing the risk of accidental war and promoting strategic stability.
AFP - A French legal inquiry into the July 2000 Concorde crash outside Paris that killed 113 people presented findings Tuesday that put part of the blame on the US airline Continental.
AOL Canada Inc. will announce plans today to enter the burgeoning market for providing telephone service over the Internet. The on-line service company has beaten its US parent Time Warner Inc 
Reuters - About 360,000 needy people in\Sudan's Darfur region are out of reach of the World Food\Program because of fighting, officials said on Tuesday.
Reuters - The parliament\of Montenegro on Tuesday opposed government plans to build a\dam that would flood part of the Tara River canyon, the deepest\and longest canyon in Europe.
AP - The Supreme Court ruled Monday that a Florida death row inmate should not automatically get a new trial because his lawyer conceded the man's guilt without his consent.
Two passenger trains collided head-on in northern India Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and injuring 36, officials said, blaming the accident on communications problems between stations.
With less than two weeks until Christmas, consumers don #39;t seem to be in a big rush to finish their holiday shopping, evidence from two groups that track sales confirmed on Tuesday.
URL 'manipulation' yields unpublished discounts
British-based mobile phone giant Vodafone Group said Tuesday that it was not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications about a possible bid for US rival Sprint.
US shoppers are starting to get into the holiday spirit, with indices on Tuesday showing sales picking up with only 10 shopping days until Christmas.
Analyst firm Gartner has put out a statement warning businesses to steer clear of Google #39;s desktop search tool until a more robust, enterprise-ready version is released.
Symantec is close to sealing a deal worth about \$13bn to acquire Veritas in one of the largest ever mergers between two software companies.
Negotiators for United Airlines and its pilots' union have reached a tentative agreement on a new contract, the union said Tuesday. Details were not disclosed
Security software company Symantecis negotiating to buy storage software vendor Veritas Softwarefor more than \$13 billion, according to a report published Tuesday by The New York Times.
IBMand Advanced Micro Devices(AMD) have jointly developed a new method for implementing strained silicon technology on both positive and negative transistors, the companies said Monday.
Antivirus vendor may pay \$13 billion for the storage software company.
New perpendicular recording technology could lead to thinner, lighter, 80GB IPods.
Retinal scans, finger printing or facial recognition get most of the publicity but researchers across the world are quietly labouring away at alternative types of biometrics.
Last year a man in Canada was arrested for downloading child pornography onto his laptop, but he used someone else's wireless access point to access the illegal material.
Richard Gibbons offers a simple strategy to ensure that your child can go to college.
including out of print volumes -- soon will become part of the vast Google database. Harvard, Stanford, the University of Michigan, the University of Oxford, and the New 
Scientists have shown that it is possible to vanish into a pile of completely dry sand just as easily as traditional quicksand.
Perpendicular recording technology allowed Toshiba to reach a new record level of 133 Gbit per square inch storage density for its new pocket-sized harddrives.
TORONTO - Blockbuster Inc., the world #39;s biggest video rental company, plans to eliminate late fees on movies and games in the new year.
The abrupt resignation of Sean O #39;Keefe will saddle NASA #39;s next admnistrator with unfinished business: struggling to return 
New Orleans Hornets forward PJ Brown practices at the Charlotte Bobcats Training Facility in Fort Mill, SC, Monday, Dec. 13, 2004.
Complaining about G.O.P. oversight of taxpayer money, Senate Democrats said they would hold hearings of their own.
Samsung Electronics Co. and Sony Corp. have signed a licensing agreement to share 24,000 basic standard patents necessary for product development, Samsung officials said yesterday.
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Hollis Thomas is expected to miss 3-to-6 weeks with a dislocated left elbow.
Lance Armstrong is suing a former personal assistant who claims the six-time defending Tour de France champion owes him \$500,000. In a lawsuit filed Monday, Armstrong and his personal 
The lobbying arm of the film studios files lawsuits against the operators of sites and servers that help users of file-sharing networks locate movies and songs. By Xeni Jardin.
WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Federal Reserve policymakers met, poised to raise key interest rates to remove some of the cheap-money stimulus washing through the economy.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. ProQuest in Ann Arbor has agreed to buy Voyager Expanded Learning in a 360 (m) million dollar cash and stock deal.
AP - Philadelphia defensive tackle Hollis Thomas could miss the playoffs for the fourth straight season, this time with a dislocated elbow.
AP - The Supreme Court's solemn atmosphere was broken Tuesday as usually subdued workers snapped to attention, riveted by a guest in the cafeteria.
STANFORD, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 14, 2004 -- Stanford University today announced an ambitious plan to cooperate with Google Inc.
Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday launched new legal action against operators of sites that help connect people to movies on two major peer-to-peer filesharing networks.
Yahoo on Tuesday said it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications, a deal that gives Yahoo relationships with all five leading mobile carriers in the United States.
AC Milan striker Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko won the Golden Ball awardas as the best European footballer in a poll of journalists from 52 countries.
Harry Redknapp made the jump from Portsmouth to Southampton. Is Gordon Strachan about to move in the opposite direction? Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said Tuesday he plans 
Israel, Egypt, and the United States signed a trade agreement that a senior US official called the most significant trade pact between Egypt and Israel in the past 20 years.
At least 38 people died Tuesday when two trains collided in northern India, officials said, revising downwards a previous death toll of 50.
AP - The possibility of terrorist attacks at sports events should not stop fans from going to stadiums, Europe's anti-terror chief said Tuesday.
Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.
Taking a trip to the library may take little more than a computer #39;s Web browser. Working with major libraries, Google is hoping to scan millions of books and periodicals into its popular 
A growing number of companies are reporting on their social and environmental impact  but many neglect the environment footprint of their supply chain.
The packaged food outfit is taking some important steps that should contribute to improved results down the road.
Great expectations have lifted the company's shares -- but is it time to cash out?
Desktop search tools from Microsoft and Ask Jeeves show just how shallow Google's moat really is.
NewsFactor - The holiday shopping season is entering the home stretch. And with some retailers depending on seasonal spending for half or more of their sales, the stakes are high.
There are probably turkeys with a shrewder idea about the meaning of Christmas than there are ex-professional soccer players who truly know their game.
The Israeli-Egyptian-US qualifying industrial zone agreement creates a basis for stable relations between Israel and Egypt. It will weather diplomatically difficult periods, Minister of Industry, Trade 
The US Federal Reserve raises interest rates to 2.25, the fifth increase this year.
While making the expected move, the Federal Reserve suggested that more rate increases are in order in the months ahead.
AP - Marshall linebacker Dionte Wilson has been suspended for the Fort Worth Bowl for an unspecified violation of team rules.
The combination of PeopleSoft applications with Oracle #39;s database and middleware products could lead to a closer relationship between IBM and SAP.
Such electronic instant-gratification devices as television and videogames are cited for boosting obesity among America #39;s youth.
A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coffee lovers are digging deeper into  their pockets for their daily fix of the black brew.
The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help 
The world #39;s chief climate scientist on Tuesday disputed the US government contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to check global warming.
The major motion picture studios launched an international offensive against online piracy on Tuesday as the MPAA announced scores of lawsuits on four continents and criminal 
The Fujifilm FinePix F450 attracted the attention of some popular magazines this month. Fortune named the digital camera one of the Top 25 Best Products of the Year 
The United States on Tuesday rejected the saying that it had held contacts with Hamas as a leader of the radical Palestinian group has claimed.
A London court on Tuesday backed anindependent inquiry into an Iraqi civilian allegedly killed by British soldiers but ruled out judicial reviews into five other civilian deaths in southern Iraq.
A US appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device maker Research In Motion Ltd. on Tuesday, but struck down part of the ruling and 
US Federal Reserve decided Tuesday to raise the federal funds rate, which commercial banks charge each other on overnight loans, by one-quarter percentage point to 2.25 percent from 2 percent.
com December 14, 2004, 12:26 PM PT. A new variant of the so-called Zafi worm surfaced Tuesday, disguised to appear as a Christmas greeting.
AP - A Saudi man was beheaded Tuesday for fatally shooting a countryman, the Interior Ministry said.
Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta will not hold a public inquiry into allegations that voting fraud took place during Calgary's civic election in October.
 PHOENIX (Sports Network) - The Arizona Diamondbacks signed  free agent shortstop Royce Clayton to a one-year contract on  Tuesday. Financial terms were not released.
 TORONTO (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays signed  free agent third baseman Corey Koskie to a three-year contract  on Tuesday with an option for 2008.
Google Inc., a web-search services leader, will offer books and documents online from four universities and the New York Public Library.
Sony Corp. and Samsung Electronics have announced that the companies have agreed to share patents on basic technologies to speed up product development and avoid adding to a growing number of cross-border patent disputes.
As a spate of suicide bombings around the world in recent years has shown, the face of terror is increasingly female.
For purposes of comparison, many people are sizing up MSN #39;s new desktop search program and toolbar suite against Google #39;s previously released desktop search program.
AP - The Buffalo Bills placed rookie Tim Euhus on injured reserve with a right knee injury Tuesday, the second tight end the team has lost this season.
Reuters - The Atlanta Hawks waived center\Jelani McCoy Tuesday and activated guard Royal Ivey from the\injured list.
In response to the latest external reporting requirements from the Feds, Cognos announced this week three additions to its suite of financial applications targeted at the enterprise office of finance.
 ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks waived center  Jelani McCoy Tuesday and activated guard Royal Ivey from the  injured list.
The new Calendaring and Scheduling Consortium has unveiled plans to create standards to make it easier for computer users to share calendars and related information with people outside their companies.
Toshiba said today that it is close to commercializing a new data storage technology, called perpendicular recording, that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives.
Symantec's reported interest in purchasing Veritas for \$13 billion is in keeping with the company's expansion plans, analysts say.
Microsoftis testing a new subscription Hotmail service that includes 2GB of e-mail storage and a copy of Outlook 2003 to access the service from the desktop.
A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Cisco Systems on Tuesday introduced the Cisco File Engine Series, a line of appliance-based solutions utilizing WAFS (wide area file services) technology designed for branch office consolidation. 
New variant offers holiday greetings before infecting your PC with a virus.
Company joins heavyweights Google, MSN, and others in desktop search fray.
One domain,  quot;.mobi, quot; will be set up for websites trying to work with the restrictions of Internet surfing on cell phones.
BAGHDAD, Iraq - For the second time in two days, a suicide bomber attacked Baghdad #39;s Green Zone early this morning killing seven Iraqis.
DEADLY floods, a bomb blast - reports on these were no match for news of this movie legend #39;s illness and death in the Philippines.
Internet security experts have warned of a new virulent email worm particularly successful in infecting computers as it is disguised as a multilingual electronic Christmas card.
com December 14, 2004, 2:32 PM PT. Microsoft managed to give a small holiday gift to network administrators this month: No critical patches.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - The Toronto Blue Jays signed free agent third baseman Corey Koskie to a three-year contract on Tuesday with an option for 2008.
James Farrior has already gotten one teammate #39;s vote as the NFL #39;s top defensive player this season. Make that a lot of votes.
Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - Dutch club Roda JC announced Tuesday that coach Wiljan Vloet will not be back next season.
AP - Not only are the New York Giants in a tailspin that mirrors last season, Tiki Barber once again is finding it tough holding onto the football.
Iraq #39;s interim government says war crime trials of members of the former regime of Saddam Hussein could begin as early as next week.
Iraq will bring top figures of Saddam Hussein  #39;s ousted regime to court next week for the first time since they appeared before a judge five months 
ISTANBUL, Turkey - A fire broke out at a movie theater during a gala premiere Tuesday night, injuring dozens of people - none seriously, officials said.
PC World - Cost of ownership savings range from 19 percent to 36 percent over three years.
AP - Emboldened by their Election Day successes, some Christian conservatives around the country are trying to put more Christ into Christmas this season.
AP - The world's chief climate scientist on Tuesday disputed the U.S. government contention that cutbacks in carbon dioxide emissions are not yet warranted to check global warming.
The Tarn River valley road bridge, the world's tallest, creates a direct route between Paris and the coast.
From arranged matches to the 8-minute date in the span of one generation. Part 1of three in the series 'The Family Revolution.'
After two decades of civilian government, Brazil is unwilling to take former officers of the dictatorship to task.
The Air Force is sharply expanding its airlifts of equipment and supplies to bases inside Iraq to reduce the amount of military cargo normally hauled in ground convoys.
The heatwave which killed thousands in Europe in 2003 could soon seem cool, UK climate scientists say.
Verizon Communications Inc. may be getting into the wireless consolidation game with published reports indicating that the telecommunications provider, which controls 55 percent of No.
The three-year patent dispute between BlackBerry device maker Research In Motion Ltd. and patent holding company NTP Inc. isn #39;t over yet.
The pilots union at United Airlines on Tuesday said its negotiators have reached a tentative contract deal with the bankrupt No. 2 US airline.
The newest version of Linux sports far fewer bugs than the average commercial code, a group of former Stanford University researchers said Tuesday.
UEFA have banned Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo for seven games after he was sent off during a Champions League match against Werder Bremen.
Madrid, Spain (Sports Network) - Argentine midfielder Diego Simeone is leaving Atletico Madrid for his native Racing Club Avellaneda.
Cleveland Indians: Preparing for their first season in 11 years without perennial gold glove winner Omar Vizquel, the Indians added some defensive insurance for their infield Tuesday.
MORE than 100 people were hospitalised with smoke inhalation after a major fire today during the premiere of a horror film at a movie complex in an Istanbul shopping mall.
The Associated Press By Alex Veiga
If the deal were completed, it would vault Verizon Wireless -- currently the No. 2 wireless company in the US -- into the top position with more than 65 million customers.
Beloit area employers expect to hire at a healthy pace during the first quarter of 2005, according to the Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
LOS ANGELES Hollywood is trying to stamp out computer networks that let people swap movies online. Movie studios filed copyright infringement lawsuits today against more than 100 operators of computer servers 
Nextel Communications Inc. on Wednesday said it plans to offer Yahoo Inc. products and services over the Nextel wireless network. Under the deal, Nextel subscribers will be able to log into 
AP - The Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a hamstring injury on Tuesday and signed safety Jason Shivers from the St. Louis Rams practice squad.
French President Jacques Chirac inaugurated Tuesday the world #39;s tallest bridge, the viaductof Millau of 270 meters above ground.
The European Commission is giving up on its attempts to hold France and Germany to account for repeatedly breaching the financial rules governing the 12 countries that use the euro, effectively 
A US appeals court upheld a patent infringement finding against BlackBerry e-mail device maker Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile 
Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday stepped up their fight against internet piracy by pursuing lawsuits against people in the US and Europe who operate servers that relay 
War crimes trials against senior lieutenants of Saddam Hussein will start in Baghdad next week, the interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said yesterday.
AP - As part of an ongoing race in the cable industry, Time Warner Cable is raising the speed of its broadband Internet offerings to 5 and 8 million bits per second without increasing prices.
Some key technologies will not be included in the deal. Sony and Samsung will not share patented technology related to Sony #39;s Digital Reality Creation (DRC) and PlayStation architecture or to 
Because of speed restrictions, mobile devices often have trouble downloading Web pages that are designed to provide the optimum experience for high-speed Internet users.
Andriy Shevchenko has won almost every major honour in soccer. Yet there #39;s still one major gap in his resume - playing in the World Cup.
The Indians have added an infielder and brought back their closer, but their pursuit of a starting pitcher has not gone according to plan.
A suicide car bomber killed seven people at a Green Zone checkpoint early Tuesday. Meanwhile, trials against the top figures in Saddam Hussein #39;s ousted regime will begin 
British police have arrested the leader of the far-right British National Party (BNP) Tuesday, accusing him of inciting racial hatred.
THE family of an Iraqi civilian who was beaten to death allegedly by British soldiers while in their custody won a landmark case in the High Court yesterday that will have 
US President George W Bush awards medals to three men closely involved in the invasion and occupation of Iraq.
The home secretary denies new claims he fast-tracked a second visa for his former lover Kimberly Quinn's nanny.
The current tales of the Red Sox have them winning the World Series, then doing weird things to reconfigure their championship team. Hello, David; bye bye, Pedro.
A phantom penalty, followed by a 9-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison, lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the undermanned Tennessee Titans, 49-38.
Verizon Communications has no imminent plans to bid for Sprint, people familiar with the situation said Tuesday, lifting a potential obstacle to Sprint #39;s bid for Nextel Communications.
Tampa Bay area employers expect to hire at a moderate pace during the first three months of 2005, based on the results of a quarterly survey by Manpower Inc.
Oil prices rose 2 percent Tuesday on the back of a rally in heating oil and natural gas futures that was supported by colder weather in the Western Hemisphere.
Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate run by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, on Tuesday said it elected Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, to be a director.
United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, on Tuesday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement 
Students take note - endless journeys to the library could become a thing of the past thanks to a new multimillion-pound scheme to make classic texts available at the click of a mouse.
Ask Jeeves Inc. on Tuesday joined competitors in announcing plans to release a desktop search application that would list information from a user #39;s PC along with web-search results.
The global mobile phone marketis expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack ofadditional catalysts, US high tech market research firm IDC warnedon Tuesday.
IBM and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) are jointly developing a new method for implementing strained silicon technology. to improve performance on processors from both companies as early as next year.
A weekend in Anaheim apparently in search of a reliever netted the Reds a starter from the local big league club. General manager Dan O #39;Brien announced Tuesday that 
The Kansas City Chiefs played their kind of game on Monday night in Tennessee, and they wound up pulling out a victory over the Titans in the offensive shootout.
War crimes trials will begin next week for some of Saddam Hussein #39;s most senior deputies, Iraq #39;s prime minister, Ayad Allawi, said yesterday.
Perpendicular recording places bits of data end-to-end, instead of using the traditional method of storing them flat on the disk surface.
Contract talks broke off today between the National Hockey League and its locked-out players union, leaving the sport a step closer to wiping out its whole season.
A fire in a Turkish cinema injured dozens of people attending a film premiere on Tuesday, but no one was killed, the state-run Anatolian news agency said.
If you live in France, are a Muslim sympathizer, speak Arabic and have access to satellite television, you are probably a fan of al Manar broadcasts.
AP - The NHL rejected last week's proposal by the players' association and then had its own counteroffer turned down Tuesday during a 3 1/2-hour negotiating session.
Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digital movie files across online file-sharing networks.
World No. 2 Andy Roddick replaced coach Brad Gilbert with US Davis Cup assistant coach Dean Goldfine, a Washington television station WUSA-TV reported.
Atlanta Braves starter Paul Byrd works in the fourth inning against the New York Mets in Atlanta, in this Aug. 1, 2004 file photo.
AP - The Browns placed center Jeff Faine on injured reserve Tuesday, the 18th player and ninth starter Cleveland has lost for the season.
AP - Memphis Grizzlies reserve guard Antonio Burks will be sidelined at least six weeks with a broken right pinkie finger.
AP - A former junior college basketball coach was indicted on charges that he provided false academic information about his athletes to Division I schools looking to recruit the players.
AP - San Francisco cornerback Ahmed Plummer, who hasn't played since Oct. 17, was placed on injured reserve Tuesday because of bulging disc in his neck.
MPS who kept Baha Mousa #39;s case in the public eye last night demanded a wide-ranging investigation into all allegations of brutality by British troops.
On the eve of a landmark summit at which EU leaders will decide on opening membership talks with Turkey, the final elements of a compromise package on the terms for the negotiations was emerging.
Google is adding the books and papers owned by some of the world #39;s leading libraries to its database in the latest step of its mission to make every piece of information available online.
It now feels amazing how we have lived without this particular feature since ages now. Google introduced desktop searching to the world in spite of the fact lesser-known products existed since a long time.
Tony Blair will have a showpiece start to Britain #39;s presidency of the European Union next year, overseeing the beginning of membership talks with Turkey.
Chad K. Gifford is retiring earlier than initially expected as chairman of Bank of America, a title he gained when the bank acquired FleetBoston Financial Corp.
Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing Ltd. on Tuesday lowered its fourth-quarter expectations as it becomes the latest chip maker to express concerns about weaker demand from customers.
Yahoo! Inc. launched a package of Internet-based wireless applications for Nextel Communications Inc. subscribers, the companies announced Tuesday.
Wireless vendors are committed to building 3G systems despite the fear that users will turn up their nose at all the extra bandwidth.
AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks haven't given up on trading Randy Johnson, managing partner Ken Kendrick said Tuesday.
AP - French prosecutors summoned Continental Airlines' top two executives for questioning in the investigation of the July 2000 crash of a supersonic Air France Concorde, two lawyers said Tuesday.
The sale of National Australia Bank #39;s Irish businesses reached a surprise conclusion yesterday when Denmark #39;s Danske Bank clinched a 967m takeover.
Flight attendants at US Airways Monday voted to strike if the carrier throws out a labor contract in order to secure \$150 million in job, wage and benefit reductions.
Hopes of saving the National Hockey League season all but vanished Tuesday when players and team owners rejected proposals to end the labor dispute.
VALENCIA midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo has been banned for seven matches by UEFA following incidents in their Champions #39; League match with Werder Bremen last week.
Israel and Egypt signed a trade deal yesterday that could ensure thousands of Egyptian jobs and secure the two countries #39; often problematic relations.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. priced its initial public offering at \$29 per share Tuesday night, up dramatically from the company #39;s previous targets.
Airline employees, rallying outside the White House, accused the Bush administration Tuesday of siding with airline managers who the attendants said are claiming financial 
Microsoft has released five Security Bulletins warning of several vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Star pitcher Pedro Martinez confirmed on Tuesday that he #39;s leaving the Boston Red Sox to join the New York Mets.
The United States denied it had held contacts with Hamas as a leader of the radical Palestinian group has claimed.  quot;We don #39;t conduct business with designated terrorist organisations.
Clint Eastwood's drama about a grizzled boxing trainer and a spunky young fighter is the best movie released by a major Hollywood studio this year.
Continued pressure from rival Netflix is obliging Blockbuster to stop charging late fees. This could remove up to \$300M in revenues per year.
AP - Lawyers for baseball's players' association and owners resumed talks Tuesday aimed at a new agreement to toughen rules on steroid testing.
 BEREA, Ohio, (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Browns  Tuesday placed center Jeff Faine on injured reserve with a left  ankle injury.
Las Vegas Sands Corp. #39;s initial public offering received a frothy reception from investors hungry to bet on another casino company.
AP - Seimone Augustus scored 22 points to lead top-ranked LSU past No. 13 Minnesota 75-67 in a matchup Tuesday night of Final Four teams from last season.
Linux advocates have long insisted that open-source development results in better and more secure software. Now they have statistics to back up their claims.
A Swedish woman pictured running into the Asian tsunami to save her children survived with her family.
Valencia midfielder Miguel Angel Angulo has been banned for seven matches by UEFA following incidents in their Champions League match against Werder Bremen last week.
A French legal inquiry into the July 2000 Concorde crash near Paris has placed much of the blame on the American carrier, Continental Airlines.
As expected, the central bank raised the federal funds rate on overnight loans by a quarter point, to 2.25 percent.
Overall, the results of the latest Manpower Employment Survey suggest that US employers plan to increase hiring after the new year.
Google is back with another project that will help users find priceless information on the Internet, via Googles Print Program.
The MSN Toolbar Suite is built on the current Windows security and privacy model. Microsoft officials said the tool respects the privacy of multiple users on a single PC by using the Windows 
BitTorrent is a wonderful way to download files with greater reliability than other conventional means, but of course that means that it is used greatly for piracy... apparently.
NHL Players Association President Bob Goodenow gestures while speaking at a press conference after meeting with NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman at the NHL offices in Toronto, December 14, 2004.
As far as the Red Sox are concerned, there are no hard feelings for Pedro Martinez. Team president/CEO Larry Lucchino says he, principal owner John Henry 
A metal strip dropped on the runway by a Continental Airlines plane was a major element in the crash of an Air France Concorde jet near Paris in July 2000, but a previously 
THE family of an Iraqi civilian allegedly unlawfully killed by British troops while in custody won a human-rights ruling yesterday, which opens the way for an independent investigation into his death.
Nasa gives details of a space mission to crash a projectile into a comet and peel away its outer skin to look inside.
Hawaiian scientists provide hard evidence to support the theory that sharks navigate with a biological compass.
The high-stakes standoff between General Motors and Fiat over the terms of a 2000 partnership moved a step closer to the courtroom on Tuesday.
When Raymond Gilmartin became chairman of the drug maker Merck, it was close to introducing several new medicines. Now, the company is in crisis.
Microsofton Tuesday released five Security Bulletins warning of several vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Ask Jeevesis actively looking at strengthening its flagship search engine Web site with features, services and technologies found elsewhere in its online network.
Desktops, servers affected, but no vulnerabilities deemed critical.
Pocket Express makes it easier and faster to get the info you need on connected handheld.
which could come as early as today - they will have completed the easy part. The harder part, industry executives and analysts 
A United States appeals court upheld a finding of patent infringement against Research In Motion Ltd. yesterday, but struck down part of the ruling and sent it back to a lower court for further proceedings.
Blockbuster, the video rental company, yesterday said it plans to eliminate late fees as the chain struggles to stem the decline in the film rental market.
Pearson, the publishingand business informationgroup, insisted it remained committed to financialnewspapers in spite of its decision tosell a controlling stake 
Finding people who like the way he has run Merck, the giant drug maker, is much harder. Mr. Gilmartin has been chairman of Merck since November 1994.
Pedro Martnez went on television in the Dominican Republic yesterday to say what many in New York were waiting to hear and confirm what the Mets would not.
AP - Tokyo stocks edged higher Wednesday morning as a key economic survey came within expectations. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Iraq said yesterday it had captured a top foreign-based supporter of the anti-government insurgency and would begin to try former figures of Saddam Hussein #39;s regime next week.
A fire broke out at a movie theater during a gala premiere Tuesday night, injuring dozens of people - none seriously, news reports said.
If Pedro Martnez passes Wednesday's physical, he is expected to be introduced in a news conference at Shea Stadium on Thursday.
The left-hander David Wells passed a physical and was introduced at a Fenway Park news conference, and the timing could not have been more striking.
There is too much of the one-sided version of the story going around, especially in Boston, now that Pedro Martnez has said he is on his way to Shea Stadium.
Bowling Green's starting goaltender, the senior captain Jordan Sigalet, was found to have multiple sclerosis.
The Air Force is expanding its airlift of equipment to Iraq to reduce the amount of military cargo hauled over land routes.
The Inuit of the Arctic plan to seek a ruling from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights that the U.S. is threatening their existence.
The Kite Runner, by Khaled Hosseini, a previously unknown son of an Afghan political refugee, has captivated reading groups across the country.
There could be no more striking evidence of the trend toward consolidation in the computer software industry than the news of the last few days.
A United States appeals court upheld a finding of patent infringement against Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry data device.
The F.D.A.'s oversight of a defibrillator may reveal shortcomings in its regulation of medical devices.
The trade deficit hit another record high in October, with imports outpacing exports by \$55.46 billion. The 9 percent increase from September was higher than expected 
The European Commission froze its threat of fines against France and Germany on Tuesday, granting the two biggest economies in the euro zone an extra year to bring down their bloated budget deficits.
Quarterback Jeff Garcia and center Jeff Faine were placed on injured reserve, and the Browns continued to pluck talent from the Baltimore Ravens in a flurry of roster moves Tuesday.
Two trains collided head-on yesterday in northern India, killing at least 31 people in a crash that the railway minister called  quot;brutal murder quot;.
Canadian train and plane manufacturer Bombardier Inc fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its share price dropped to record lows.
The high-stakes standoff between General Motors and Fiat over the terms of a 2000 partnership moved a step closer to the courtroom on Tuesday.
Unionized Northern California grocery workers union set a Sunday deadline for contract talks and said they would hold a strike vote next week if necessary.
By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 percent will be on the brink of extinction.
The D.C. Council continued to debate late Tuesday night over legislation that would clear the way to build a new baseball stadium for the Nationals in Southeast.
The World Anti-Doping Agency is considering whether speedskating athletes should be allowed to use oxygen-deprived chambers designed to build endurance.
His contract status, public comments regarding the now-filled Washington Huskies job and another disappointing season have Vikings coach Mike Tice on thin ice.
Ole Miss has received permission from the San Francisco 49ers to speak with head coach Dennis Erickson.
United Airlines, the bankrupt carrier, yesterday made its first progress in efforts to achieve a second round of labour cost cuts when it said it had reached a tentative agreement 
Nasa scientists have been giving details of a space mission to crash a projectile into a comet, peeling away its outer skin in order to look inside.
An express train ran into a jeep in southern India on Wednesday, killing five people, a day after two passenger trains collided head-on in the north of the country.
As a young man, Recep Tayyip Erdogan was a gifted footballer; but not quite good enough to turn professional. So he concentrated on politics instead.
MANILA Fernando Poe Jr., the popular actor who challenged President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the presidential elections this year, died early Tuesday.
For half of the first quarter, the Nets looked like the team that had dominated the Knicks for the past three seasons. But with Jason Kidd still limited to 20 
AP - Jamaal Tinsley scored a season-high 29 points and the Indiana Pacers snapped a seven-game losing streak Tuesday night, beating the Atlanta Hawks 108-97 in overtime.
Reuters - A huge explosion rocked the southern\Afghanistan city of Kandahar on Wednesday and at least three\Afghan soldiers were wounded, the city's police chief said.
AP - Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday sued scores of operators of computer servers that help relay digital movie files across online file-sharing networks.
London - Britain #39;s inflation rate hit its highest level in five months in November, pushed up by air fares and surging utility bills, official figures showed yesterday.
The Mozilla group expects to run a thank-you ad in the New York Times by Christmas as new market share numbers showed continued progress against Microsoft.
AP - Verizon Communication Inc.'s wireless partner on Tuesday distanced itself from discussions on a potential bid for Sprint Corp.
The deal is a trade pact that will enable Egypt to export goods to the US duty free - as long as they have a minimum percentage made in Israel.
Pakistan and India have held talks on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests and other steps to avert any dangerous misunderstanding.
PC World - Desktops, servers affected, but no vulnerabilities deemed critical.
AP - Colorado's voter turnout in November's general election that featured hotly contested presidential and Senate races was 87 percent  #151; a record for the state.
AP - The Allen Institute for Brain Science has released a major chunk of data from its mapping of the mouse brain genome, hoping the information will help researchers understand how the human brain works.
The D.C. Council approved a measure late Tuesday night that dramatically restructures Mayor Anthony A. Williams's deal with baseball to build a stadium.
A \$42.8 million training facility for the Capitals receives approval from the Arlington County Board on Tuesday and will be built at the Ballston Common Mall.
Chaz Carr scores 14 of his game-high 16 points in the second half and BU hands Michigan its first home loss of the season, 63-52.
Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers pays a visit to troops in Iraq, but model Leeann Tweeden steals the show.
Oil prices jumped nearly 2 percent on Tuesday as colder weather in the United States, the world #39;s largest heating oil market, brought temperatures more in line with seasonal norms.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc., the investment company run by billionaire Warren Buffett, named another billionaire, Microsoft Corp. founder Bill Gates, as a director.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann) has approved two new internet address types: .mobi and .jobs. This is just a preliminary approval.
The global mobile phone market is expected to see a slow down in market growth due to the lack of additional catalysts, US high tech market research firm IDC warned on Tuesday.
THE lonely walk to a seat in the Ibrox stand on big Euro nights served as a chilling reminder to Dragan Mladenovic of what was absent from his world.
THE death of Philippine movie star and defeated presidential candidate Fernando Poe has drawn some political backlash, with some people seeking to use his sudden demise as a platform to attack President Gloria Arroyo.
Time Warner is expected to settle with the Justice Department in its investigation of advertising deals between America Online and smaller Internet companies.
When Sprint and Nextel Communications merge, they will be competing against their much larger rivals, Cingular Wireless and Verizon Wireless.
Regulators yesterday proposed new rules that would bar auditors from peddling questionable tax strategies and preparing tax returns for top executives whose companies #39; accounting they review 
This is welcome news for researchers as their favorite web search engine Google will now scan the entire collections of seven prestigious libraries and make these pages available to Google users.
Follow the countdown and launch of the Boeing Delta 2 rocket with NASA #39;s Deep Impact comet spacecraft. Reload this page for the very latest on the mission.
The Angels agreed to a one-year, \$4.5 million contract with RHP Paul Byrd yesterday and traded RHP Ramon Ortiz to the Reds for a minor league pitcher.
Clifford Robinson scored a season-high 25 points, Jason Richardson had a key follow dunk in the final minute and Golden State snapped a 12-game losing streak in Dallas.
Oil prices rose 2 percent yesterday on the back of a rally in heating oil and natural gas futures that was supported by colder weather in the Western Hemisphere.
AP - A Greek public bus with about 27 people aboard was hijacked Wednesday and shots were fired at police who surrounded it on the outskirts of Athens, police and bus company officials said.
AC MILAN striker Andriy Shevchenko gave his strife-torn country Ukraine some reason for celebration when he was named European footballer of the year for 2004 yesterday.
AP - Jamaica's embattled police commissioner resigned following last year's record number of homicides in the Caribbean country, authorities said.
At least one gunman has taken about two dozen passengers hostage on a bus in the Greek capital Athens, police say. Armed officers have surrounded the vehicle in the suburb of Marathon.
Thousands of families, friends, fans and politicians paid non-stop visits to a church in Metro Manila, where the remains of the lost presidential candidate but evergreen action star, Fernando Poe Jr.
Google, the world #39;s top search engine, is all set to offer books from five famous libraries online, unlocking a fabulous treasure of information.
Police surround a bus in Athens on which about two dozen people are being held by at least one gunman.
Following the Arsenal-Chelsea draw, Manchester United could really blow the title race open with a win at Fulham. Sir Alex Ferguson never gave up on the title.
Heading down the stretch in the first half, it seemed as though the University of Illinois-Chicago Flames were poised to take a second ACC team to the wire.
French prosecutors investigating the manslaughter of the 113 people killed in the Air France Concorde crash four years ago are to summon senior executives of the US airline Continental.
Greek police surrounded a bus filled with passengers that had been seized by gunmen in the Athens suburb of Marathon early Wednesday, Greek police said.
SEOUL - North Korea warned on Wednesday that it would regard any sanctions imposed on it by Japan as a declaration of war and would hit back with an effective physical response.
Cisco Systems debuted the File Engine, a file-based data-sharing appliance that offers companies the ability to consolidate management of distributed file and print services within branch offices.
AP - Michael Boley was supposed to blitz, but pulled up in a timely moment of recognition, poised to jump for the screen pass he suspected was coming his way.
Welders cut through metal and soldiers pulled bodies from the crushed cars of two trains that collided head-on Tuesday in northern India, killing 31 people.
ATHENS : Armed men hijacked a bus in an Athens suburb early Wednesday, taking some 20 passengers aboard hostage, a police source said.
Ray Lewis was inactive for the Ravens' regular-season finale game against Miami on Sunday because of a broken right wrist.
Rick Majerus will come out of retirement to coach Southern California at the end of the season, according to a report.
Samsung Electronics sealed a comprehensive cross license contract with Sony of Japan to share most of their patent technologies. Samsung Electronics and Sony announced on December 14 in Seoul 
The Redskins capitalize on a 66-yard kickoff return and lead the Vikings, 7-0, in the first quarter at FedEx.
Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points, and the Seattle SuperSonics improved to 18-4 with a 108-93 win over the Los Angeles Lakers Tuesday night.
Ask Jeeves today becomes the latest search engine to join the battle to organize the disparate information spread across users #39; computers.
The City Council narrowly approved a taxpayer-financed plan late Tuesday night to build a new riverfront baseball stadium. But it was not clear whether the amended measure 
Daniel F. Akerson says the decisions he made as chief executive of Nextel Communications Inc. were all about survival.
 Employer-paid health care for retired workers has been growing sharply more expensive, and the number of companies willing to provide it continues to shrink.
Leaders of the United Iraqi Alliance urged disaffected Sunnis to join in the elections for a national assembly.
The Millennium Stadium is trying to stage a 'Live Aid' style concert to raise more than 1m for the Tsunami disaster appeal.
BEIJING, Dec. 15 -- The National Hockey League has slipped closer towards losing - for the first time - a season to a labor dispute.
CHARLOTTE - The storyline couldnt had been written any better for the Charlotte Bobcats Tuesday night in their first meeting with the New Orleans Hornets.
As expected, the Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate one-quarter point in continuing efforts to stave off inflation while holding rates at near record lows to help fuel economic expansion.
When Gary Kelly, the new chief executive of Southwest Airlines, dressed up as the Kiss frontman for Halloween, we should have known it was more than a prank.
Continental Airlines said Tuesday it will cut pay and benefits for managers and clerical workers by \$48 million. The announcement marks the first specifics outlined by Houston-based Continental 
The core business of Internet search engines is being threatened by the evolution of new generation of content providers. The search engines like Google or Yahoo make money by indexing the web sites all over 
Sometimes it takes looking into the casket and viewing the body to get closure. Sometimes it takes seeing the cadaver to accept finality.
A bus was hijacked today and shots were fired at police who surrounded it on the outskirts of Athens. Police did not know how many passengers were aboard the bus.
BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Rick Majerus #39; stint as a college basketball analyst for ESPN apparently has been short-lived. According to an ESPN.
LOS ANGELES - The Anaheim Angels added a starting pitcher Tuesday, agreeing to a \$5 million, one-year contract with right-hander Paul Byrd.
MINNEAPOLIS - Top-ranked teams aren #39;t solo shows, and star Seimone Augustus sure has plenty of help around her with the LSU Lady Tigers.
Some of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein #39;s aides will go on trial next week, interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Tuesday.
United Airlines on Tuesday announced it has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots. The agreement makes the pilots the first of United #39;s four big unions to come to initial terms.
Chad Gifford, one of Boston #39;s most visible business leaders, said yesterday he would retire as chairman of Bank of America Corp.
The Salvation Army may be forced to scale back its help for those in need if Londoners don #39;t start tossing more toonies into its kettles.
NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe on Monday resigned after three years in charge of the US space agency which included the Columbia shuttle disaster, a NASA spokesman said.
This was supposed to be a battle between Ray Allen and Kobe Bryant, meeting on the court for the first time since trading preseason barbs in the press.
The Diamondbacks introduced shortstop Royce Clayton as their newest member Tuesday after free-agent pitcher Matt Clement visited Bank One Ballpark.
Japan industrialists are gloomier about the economic outlook for the first time since March 2003,  the central bank's quarterly Tankan survey finds.
So how are you enjoying your offseason so far? Anyway, I'll bet you didn't sign a \$54 million contract. I know I didn't.
The US dollar rose slightly against the euro yesterday as the Federal Reserve raised a key interest rate by a quarter-point and the US trade deficit was larger than expected.
US stocks gained yesterday, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected, while it reassured investors that inflation was in check and indicated the economy was growing at a moderate pace.
United Airlines, seeking cost cuts to help it get out of bankruptcy, has reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union, the first labor accord on additional concessions the carrier proposed last month.
 America risks losing its leadership of the global economy if government and industry fail to make changes that encourage innovation, a panel of leading executives and university presidents say in a study to be released today.
The president and chief executive officer of the Red Sox thinks Pedro Martinez made the wrong decision. But Larry Lucchino nonetheless had nothing but praise for 
Rashard Lewis scored a season-high 37 points, and SuperSonics improved to 18-4 with a 108-93 win over the Los Angeles Lakers last night in Seattle.
United Airlines, seeking cost cuts to help it get out of bankruptcy, has reached a tentative agreement with its pilots union, the first labor accord on additional 
AP - Albert Demtchenko of Russia won the men's singles Sunday to break up a sweep by the powerful German team of all five races at a Luge World Cup event.
World champion Michael Schumacher failed to score a goal at Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu (Spain) soccer stadium - recently evacuated after a bomb scare - on Tuesday night.
Description: For the second consecutive day, a suicide bomb explodes near the entrance of Baghdad #39;s heavily fortified Green Zone.
Sony embraces MP3, while new Blu-ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
Experts say the move could lead to suits against the U.S. or private companies.
The farms served by the Central Valley Project, the country's largest irrigation system, get about 20 percent of California's water supply.
Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and his central bankers gave the national economy a vote of confidence yesterday and raised the key federal funds interest rate by a quarter-point.
When Internet-based companies, especially ones the size of Oracle and PeopleSoft, announce fundamental changes, responses are usually swift.
Rising energy and transport costs helped push inflation higher last month, raising the prospect that interest rates may increase next year.
Levels of potentially dangerous airborne soot declined nationwide between 1999 and 2003, the Environmental Protection Agency reported Tuesday, and may be nearly a third lower than concentrations 25 years ago.
Yahoo Inc. (YHOO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it will provide mobile Internet services to Nextel Communications Inc.
An implanted nanotube sensor has been developed that can track blood sugar, promising pain-free continues glucose monitoring for diabetics and future devices that can check other biological changes.
Toronto - It #39;s getting so late in the game, so to speak, Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has offered federal mediation as a last-ditch possibility.
Pedro Martinez confirmed on Dominican television yesterday that he has reached an agreement with the Mets, representing perhaps the flashiest signing in team history.
Philadelphia - Something happened - something few probably thought would make a difference - on the way to the Nuggets #39; blowout of Philadelphia that wasn #39;t.
AZ are through but the fate of Rangers, Auxerre and Grazer AK will be decided tonight. It seems simple: avoid defeat and youre through.
NTT DoCoMo, Vodafone and 24 other mobile phone firms and manufacturers join forces to develop the next generation of high-speed handsets.
Mahmoud Abbas, the interim Palestinian leader, said in an interview published Tuesday that the armed struggle against Israel was a mistake and should end.
Australia announces plans to create a security zone around its coastline, five times larger than its territorial waters.
A Turkish engineer kidnapped in eastern Afghanistan on Tuesday has been killed officials say.
Verizon Communications Inc. #39;s wireless partner on Tuesday distanced itself from discussions of a potential bid for Sprint Corp.
Fiat and General Motors (GM) have agreed to begin a period of mediation to resolve the future of the Italian conglomerate #39;s loss-making auto group.
The Nasdaq is jumping into the gold rush to sell shares of itself to the public, getting a head start over its rival, the New York Stock Exchange.
Symantec, the world #39;s leading information security provider, today warned of a new worm threatening computer users in the approach to the Christmas season.
AP - Dwight Freeney always has gotten the attention of offenses.
Southeastern Conference schools must prevent fans from rushing onto the basketball court and football field or face fines that could reach \$50,000.
Greek police surrounded a bus full of passengers seized by armed hijackers along a highway from an Athens suburb Wednesday, police said.
The Decatur area employment outlook is one of the weakest in the nation, according to results from the latest Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
AP - When it comes to communication, commercial airline passengers go from the Internet Age to the Stone Age once a plane takes off.
PC World - Sony embraces MP3, while new Blu-ray and speaker technology reaches the living room.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Hundreds of UN troops stormed a stronghold of ousted Haitian president Jean-Bertrand Aristide #39;s supporters yesterday.
Pakistan and India started talks Tuesday to discuss the possible agreement on giving advance warning of ballistic missile tests that could help to prevent the possible accident connected with nuclear weapons.
THE family of an Iraqi man allegedly beaten to death by British troops in custody yesterday won a legal battle in their fight for a full inquiry into the scandal.
Reuters - There are no\easy answers when it comes to keeping the world's largest land\mammal in check.
James Toney has learned at least one thing from reading the Bible. He doesn't hide his light under a basket.
The entire ice hockey season could be lost to the dispute over salary capping.
A test of the planned US anti-missile defence shield fails in the first mission in almost two years.
A former exercise rider at Santa Anita stables in California had hoped to organize a strike by the stable hands just before the racing season resumed the morning after Christmas.
Customers at the Blockbuster at Grant Street and East Sixth Avenue in Denver welcomed the company #39;s announcement to abandon late fees.
Rangers manager Alex McLeish has challenged his players to embark on a Uefa Cup run which would put Scottish football back on the European map.
Railway officials say a train collision in northern India that killed at least 37 people apparently was caused by a communications lapse between stations, and that the 
From big-screen TVs to big-time DVD players, here's what we'd like to receive this year.
Blockbuster is doing away with the most dreaded part of renting movies and games: the late fee. The move comes as Blockbuster battles lackluster demand.
Australia and Pakistan have both delayed naming their teams for the first test starting in Perth on Thursday as they consider adding extra pacemen to their bowling stocks in anticipation of a speed war.
THE hiring intentions of Welsh employers for the first quarter of 2005 are more positive than the UK average, research from Manpower showed yesterday.
 quot;In the meantime, it has been accepted in the EU that the German reunification has caused high burdens for us and therefore is a special problem.
As the Federal Reserve moves to raise short-term interest rates once again, flags are being raised about the impact on housing prices.
The US Court of Appeals has ruled that Lawsuits in Motion - aka Research in Motion - did indeed violate patents owned by intellectual property holding company NTP.
This view from Cassini #39;s second close flyby of Titan on Dec. 13, 2004 shows bright material within the large dark region west of Xanadu.
Nasa has announced that the launch of a pioneering mission to further understanding of the make-up of comets will take place in January next year.
Siemens AG, Germany #39;s biggest engineering company, denied it is in talks with potential venture partners for its troubled mobile-phone business, which sustained losses in the quarter through June.
As Superman and Batman would no doubt reflect during their cigarette breaks, the really draining thing about being a hero was that you have to keep riding to the rescue.
Jason Williams strolled through the turnstile at Charlotte Coliseum on Tuesday night wearing a purple Hornets T-shirt from the teams 1999 opener against the Orlando Magic and 
Two armed hijackers are holding 26 people hostage on board a Greek bus after seizing it near the capital Athens. Police are surrounding the bus stopped between Marathon and the capital.
The Australian government has warned that terrorists could be preparing to carry out an attack in Indonesia, possibly targeting a Hilton hotel.
The body of a kidnapped Turkish engineer was found in eastern Afghanistan today, less than 24 hours after he was snatched with his driver and interpreter by a band of armed men.
Pakistan and India held a second day of talks on Wednesday to agree on steps to avert misunderstandings over their nuclear arsenals, a Pakistani official said.
Russian oil giant Yukos files for bankruptcy protection in the US in a last ditch effort to stop the Kremlin auctioning its main production unit.
The number of people out of work in the UK fell by 29,000 between August and October to 1.39 million, the latest official figures have shown.
Fine particle pollution has been significantly reduced in recent years, but millions of people live in areas where concentrations remain high - and their health remains at risk, the 
North Korea would consider any decision by Japan to impose economic sanctions as a declaration of war, #39; #39; the communist nation #39;s Foreign Ministry said.
The bidding war between AirTran Airways and Southwest Airlines over bankrupt ATA #39;s Midway business continued Tuesday, revealing a new, competitive world for low-cost carriers.
No consensus exists among Democrats about why John Kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.
Jacques Kallis hits 81 not out as South Africa reach 247-4 after day one of the third Test against England.
On the same day the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed to cut its daily oil output to 27 million barrels, US Rep. John Larson, D-1st District, sent 
The average level of a deadly form of air pollution dropped in the USA from 1999 to 2003 as new pollution controls made strides in battling the nation #39;s air quality 
Manchester City are actively seeking a replacement for manager Kevin Keegan who is leaving at the end of next season when his contract expires after five years at the Premier League club.
Global air travel is set to be boosted by an increase in travel between Europe and Asia, thanks to growth in both China and India.
Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos has launched bankruptcy proceedings in a Houston, Texas court, the company has said. Claire Davidson, a spokeswoman for the company in London, did 
The trade deficit in October grew larger than analysts had expected despite the recent decline of the dollar against major currencies.
AFP - Former England star Paul Gascoigne is recovering in hospital from pneumonia but his agent denied the 37-year-old was seriously ill.
United Airlines has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots, clearing a critical early hurdle in its effort to make another round of painful 
Reuters - Australia plans to strengthen its\coastal security with a controversial surveillance footprint\that stretches south of New Zealand to north of Indonesia.
AFP - Indian shares rose 1.21 percent to close at a new record high after aggressive foreign fund buying on prospects of strong economic growth and amid regional gains, dealers said.
Australia warns that terrorists could be preparing an attack in Indonesia, possibly targeting a Hilton hotel.
The researchers who spawned the idea of grid computing will launch a company Monday to commercialize what so far has been a very academic software project for sharing computing resources.
AFP - At least 40 British nationals are now confirmed as having been killed in the Asian tsunami disaster, according to latest figures released by the Foreign Office.
An environmental activist group has declared President George Bush  quot;immoral quot; for his failure to support the Kyoto Protocol.
Global air traffic is set to be boosted in the next three years by a rise in travel between Europe and Asia, thanks to growth in both China and India.
Dallas-based Blockbuster Inc. announced Tuesday that its doing away with late fees starting Jan. 1. Watching a movie may now become the relaxed activity 
Wednesday. He had been abducted by a militant gang on Tuesday on the road between the city of Jalalabad and Kunar province. Khan, told Reuters.
A representative of embattled Russian oil company Yukos said Wednesday the company has launched bankruptcy proceedings under US law in a Houston court.
The FCC) has just declared that DigitalVoice, an Internet telephony service provided by Vonage, is not subject to the patchwork of state regulations that govern telephone companies.
 LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Rick Majerus has reportedly  accepted an offer to be the new head basketball coach at  Southern California.
 WARSAW (Reuters) - Three Polish soldiers were killed in a  helicopter crash in Iraq, where the country runs a  multi-national division, the army said Wednesday.
The man known as "Chemical Ali"  will be the first Saddam aide to go on trial, Iraq's defence minister says.
Microsoft #39;s regular monthly patch delivery slipped into port yesterday carrying five new patches, each described by Redmond as  quot;important quot;.
In one tsunami-hit Thai town, more than half of the 5,000-strong population are missing, police say.
North Korea has warned Japan that any sanctions against the communist state would be regarded as a declaration of war. Opinion polls show about two-thirds of the Japanese public supporting 
More than 90 people in Brazil face possible charges after a two-year inquiry into money laundering.
AP - Hamas on Wednesday canceled its 17th anniversary rally over concerns that Israel could target leaders of the Islamic militant group in retaliation for a deadly attack on an army outpost in Gaza.
GENEVA : International air passenger traffic should record its strongest growth in 12 years in 2004, climbing by 11 percent for the year as a whole, the International Air Transport Association said Tuesday.
Microsoft released five security bulletins on Tuesday as part of its monthly update cycle, warning of vulnerabilities that put computers running Windows at risk of attack.
Xbox-exclusive title Phantom Dust has been acquired for US release by publisher Majesco, after developer Microsoft Game Studios declined to launch the title outside Japan earlier this year.
Women opting for a Caesarean should be warned there is a small chance that it will jeopardise later natural births, say experts.
The Federal Reserve #39;s new wave of interest-rate increases is spilling into consumers #39; and investors #39; lives in good and bad ways.
The Commission has lifted the excessive deficit procedure, first launched in 2003, against France and Germany. But already there are doubts about Germany respecting the rules in 2005.
Hollywood stepped up its battle against internet pirates yesterday when the Motion Picture Association of America launched a legal battle against the filesharing networks BitTorrent and eDonkey.
England #39;s home test matches will disappear from terrestial television after BSkyB won exclusive rights to cover live matches from 2006 to 2009, officials said on Wednesday.
Reuters - Applications for U.S. home mortgages\declined last week as refinancing activity fell and mortgage\rates were little changed, an industry group said on Wednesday.
European aerospace giant EADS warns  that the A380 superjumbo project is running heavily over budget. 
EMPLOYER hiring confidence in Scotland is robust for the first quarter of 2005, notably above the national average, according to research released today.
The district council Tuesday night narrowly approved a motion to finance construction of a new baseball stadium in the city. However, the motion only passed after an amendment was added that forces the private 
A graduate student at the University of Notre Dame was missing and presumed dead after he was shot by an armed gang in Haiti, a school official said.
Spain's Football Federation launches an investigation into racist comments made by national coach Luis Aragones.
Shares in China's biggest airline Air China close up 8 after making their debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
In an eleventh-hour move, the Yukos oil company has filed for bankruptcy in a United States Court and is demanding the cancellation of an auction of its main production unit slated for Sunday.
A US appeals court issued a mixed ruling this week in a patent dispute between Research in Motion (RIM), maker of the popular BlackBerry devices, and NTP.
Tokyo - Toshiba Corp. has developed a 1.8-inch hard disk drive that achieves a 40 Gbyte capacity by employing a perpendicular recording technology for the first time.
A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading seasonal greetings along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.
Nokia today unveiled its latest initiative in the battle against low-quality counterfeit mobile phone batteries. To help customers identify original batteries from rip-offs that have been known to catch fire 
Samsung Electronics announced yesterday that it has developed a small, low-power, multimedia memory card (MMC) for mobile phones. The new removable MMCmicro memory card 
Istanbul, Turkey - Turkish investigators on Wednesday were questioning two cinema employees about a fire that ripped through an Istanbul movie theatre during a gala premiere and injured some 200 people, officials said.
Reuters - A ragged band of children\emerges ghost-like from mists in Ethiopia's highlands,\thrusting bunches of carrots at a car full of foreigners.
Sprint and Nextel announced today that their boards of directors have unanimously approved a  #39;definitive agreement #39; for a merger of equals creating the third-largest US mobile phone carrier.
Washington - US bankruptcy law, invoked by Russian oil group Yukos on Wednesday, allows a company in financial difficulties to continue functioning while it seeks an agreement with creditors.
More than 50,000 people in Addis Ababa demonstrate against government plans to renew border talks with Eritrea.
There will be furrowed brows over at Research in Motion Ltd (RIM), the Canadian company behind the ever-popular wireless email device, BlackBerry.
Reuters - So many Sri Lankan children have been orphaned by the tsunami that the government appealed on Sunday for doctors, psychologists and paediatricians to help give counselling.
Premier title from Microsoft Japan is coming to America; Majesco will localize and publish the Xbox actioner in wake of Microsoft #39;s decision to pass.
Egypt and Israel signed an agreement on Tuesday that will boost employment and might act as an impetus for other Arab countries to make peace with Israel.
A MEMBER of the Philippine royal family in the movies moved on to the Great Beyond midnight Monday (December 14), sending his hordes of fans in mourning.
While the combined company makes a formidable No.3 player in the wireless market, it may be hard pressed to match the firepower of its larger rivals.
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. on Wednesday said fourth-quarter earnings rose 22 percent, driven by record revenue in its investment banking and capital markets segments.
Samsung Electronics and Sony Corporation have signed a cross-license agreement, licensing those patents, which are considered to be the basic technologies necessary for product development.
WaveSat this week began shipping a chip that it says is the first to comply fully with the IEEE 802.16-2004 wireless broadband standard, commonly known as WiMax.
OPINIONS were split in the Australian camp over the future of Brett Lee last night following a maverick selection push by captain Ricky Ponting.
AFP - The current push to secure peace in Northern Ireland is too good an opportunity to miss through petty political point-scoring, Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern said.
Wall Street futures crept higher on Wednesday, as investors looked to build on the previous sessions fresh highs and attention turned to the \$35bn merger between telecommunications 
Sprint and Nextel agree to merge in a deal which will create the third largest mobile phone operator in the US.
AP - U.S. diplomats on Wednesday ignored a warning from the Cuban government to immediately take down Christmas decorations outside its offices or face unspecified consequences.
Microsoft has unveiled its security bulletin for December, including a critical patch for Windows XP with SP1, and fixes rated as important for SP2.
IT was a given that someone of influence within Pakistan cricket would seek to destabilise their national team before a ball was bowled in the Test series with Australia.
The England and Wales Cricket Board today announced that Sky Sports have won the right to broadcast live all international cricket from 2006.
 LONDON (Reuters) - World number two Andy Roddick is set to  hook up with his U.S. Davis Cup assistant coach after firing  Brad Gilbert at the weekend.
RAYMOND Reginald Williams, who had previously claimed he could have saved HIH from collapse, yesterday pleaded guilty to three criminal charges arising from his management of the failed insurer.
Please be aware as there #39;s a new virus worm spreading on the net. The Zafi.D variant is a Christmas wish e-mail together with a .
LOS ANGELES A new Environmental Protection Agency report says concentrations of dangerous air pollutants have declined in Southern California in the last five years.
NASA #39;s Deep Space Network tracking station in Madrid, Spain, acquired a signal at about 4:00 pm Pacific Standard Time (7:00 pm Eastern Standard Time) yesterday.
World number two Andy Roddick is set to hook up with his US Davis Cup assistant coach after firing Brad Gilbert at the weekend. Roddick, whom Gilbert steered to a maiden 
The strength of festive takings will be revealed this week as UK retailers start to disclose sales figures.
SYDNEY The Australian government said Wednesday that terrorists may be preparing an attack in Indonesia, possibly at a Hilton hotel.
Wireless telephone company Nextel Communications confirmed Wednesday it is being bought by rival Sprint in a cash and stock deal said to be worth more than \$35-billion US.
Federal Reserve policy-makers raised interest rates yesterday for the fifth time this year and suggested they will continue gradual rate increases in 2005.
THE investigation into the \$5.3 billion collapse of insurer HIH has claimed its biggest scalp, with founder and former chief executive Ray Williams pleading guilty to criminal charges.
NASA has is to send a probe on a collision course with a comet #39;s nucleus to find out more about the composition and history of the bodies.
In 2003-04, Minnesota swept its two contests against the Raptors. Overall, Minnesota has won three straight and four of the last five meetings in this series.
AP - President Bush's daughter Jenna plans to live in the District of Columbia and teach at a public school serving low-income children.
US investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit rose 22 percent on continued strength 
THE first test in nearly two years of a multi-billion-dollar US anti-missile shield failed yesterday when the interceptor missile shut down on its launch pad in the central Pacific.
The Washington, DC, City Council approved funds for a Major League Baseball stadium late Tuesday, but substantially altered the plan by requiring the mayor to find private financing for half the construction costs.
World News: Lahore, Dec 15 : Pakistan has expressed its desire for the Bush administration #39;s intervention to help Islamabad sort out all of its conflicting issues with New Delhi.
Washington Post business columnist Steven Pearlstein will be online to discuss the merger of Sprint and Nextel Communications. In a column this morning, he wrote that consumers should should cheer the combination.
Reuters - U.S. Treasury yields touched their\lowest levels in over a month on Wednesday, driven by largely\technical factors in an illiquid year-end market.
An attempt to launch an interceptor missile as part of the US missile defence shield failed early Wednesday in the first test of the system in nearly two years.
After being dropped for release outside of Japan by Microsoft Game Studios, publisher Majesco has picked up Phantom Dust for a release in North America, expected to be early 2005.
There is no end in sight for the lockout, which enters Day 89 today with 414 games gone. The NHL lockout continues with no sign of it ending.
After all the twists and turns that the Washington, DC stadium controversy has taken, we should have known it wouldn #39;t end simply.
Crude oil futures traded above \$42 a barrel Wednesday as colder weather descended on the northeastern United States, a heavy consumer of heating oil.
The search engine that revolutionised how people use the Internet has teamed up with some of the world #39;s greatest libraries to put their books in your living room.
There was a nice little mini-drama last night with the Lakers playing in Seattle. Not as big of a deal as Kobe vs. Shaq or Kobe vs.
Forget the 10 miles that separates their two home arenas and the fan chatter heard within that short expanse. The Nets and Knicks rivalry is now based on a different type 
Google announced yesterday that they have agreements with several large libraries to scan books whose copyrights have expired. Joseph O #39;Sullivan, Software engineer and Adam M. Smith, Business product manager 
KaZaa is still finding themselves in court, explaining what #39;s going on, and Hollywood is already finding a new target: BitTorrent.
The MSN Toolbar Suite Beta rounds out Microsoft #39;s MSN search family with fully indexed searching of local documents and e-mails.
In addition to the hologram label, each Nokia battery will have an authentication code hidden under a scratch-off area on the label.
National data released by the US Environmental Protection Agency today reveals that several Southern California metropolitan areas have seen a sharp decrease in the amount of fine particle pollution contributing to local air quality problems over the past 
Perhaps in our hearts we knew it was too good to last - this Red Sox dream team that so brightened our late summer and early fall days.
British and Irish Government proposals for photographic evidence of IRA decommissioning were reasonable, the Irish premier has said.
The Swiss-based Phonak team said Wednesday it is contesting the International Cycling Union #39;s decision to refuse it a racing licence amid a doping scandal.
MOSCOW, December 15 (RIA Novosti) - Russian team Midland F1 will participate in the Formula-1 world championship in 2006. Boris Yeltsin Jr.
San Francisco 49ers coach Dennis Erickson met with Mississippi #39;s athletics director and chancellor for two hours Tuesday night to discuss the school #39;s vacant head coaching position.
The worlds tallest bridge was opened in the Tarn Valley, France, yesterday and has been hailed as both a monumental work of art and an unrivalled technological achievement.
Research In Motion (RIM), the manufacturer of the popular Blackberry mobile, has been left with a curate #39;s egg to mull over for Christmas.
Time Warner Inc. has agreed to pay \$210 million to settle securities fraud charges involving the company #39;s America Online unit, law enforcement officials said Wednesday.
In an effort to combat (now common) counterfeit batteries, Nokia has launched a new program that will allow consumers to accurately tell if a battery is made by Nokia.
The Government today rounded on the BBC and terrestrial broadcasters for turning their backs on English cricket. Although Five will show highlights as part of the 220million 
Hijackers have released two more of the around 24 hostages they are holding after seizing a bus in an Athens suburb, bringing the total freed to 12.
Turkey was on course on Wednesday to get a date to start open-ended negotiations on European Union membership as final elements of a compromise package came together on the eve of a landmark EU summit.
New Zealanders are being warned against travelling to Indonesia, including Bali, over the Christmas and New Year period after the Government received reports terrorists were planning an attack.
The European Union is seeking new agreements with the US to slow climate change apart from the Kyoto Protocol that President George W. Bush withdrew from.
Brazilian Congress gives the green light to a long awaited overhaul of bankruptcy laws, which it hopes will reduce business and credit costs.
A slimming aid made from a southern African cactus is set to be developed by UK pharmaceutical Phytopharm and Anglo-Dutch food giant Unilever.
Retired Maj. Gen. Charles F. Bolden Jr. is proud his name is among a handful being mentioned as the next head of the US space agency.
Nokia will now be adding a small hologram to all batteries it produces for its mobile phones, in an effort to combat counterfeit batteries.
The Russian-backed Midland Formula One team planned for 2006 has hired the grandson of former Russian President Boris Yeltsin as marketing director, Kommersant daily newspaper said on Wednesday.
Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi says he will stand in January's polls, as a blast hits the holy city of Karbala.
