Vikram Solanki beat the rain clouds to register his second one-day international century as England won the third one-day international to wrap up a series victory.
Department store group Sears and discount retailer Kmart say they are to merge in a \$11bn deal, becoming the US's third largest retailer.
Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
WAL-MART Stores, the worlds largest retailer and owner of Asda supermarkets, has reported a 12.7 per cent rise in its third-quarter earnings.
The struggling supermarket giant today revealed a 39 million pre-tax loss in the first half of its financial year. The slump into losses marks 
Vivendi Universal (EAUG.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) raised its 2004 earnings forecast as it reported a 19 percent increase in underlying third-quarter profit 
Chelsea maintained its five-point lead Arsenal with a big win against Newcastle, while the Gunners sank Birmingham in the English Premier League.
PC World - Device uses NCQ technology to prioritize a PC's requests.
There have been two important pieces of space-related news recently, the first of which was the European moon probe #39;s success in entering the moon #39;s orbit.
November 17, 2004 - Roger Avary who won an Oscar in 1994 for his Pulp Fiction screenplay is suing Microsoft and ResponDesign Inc. over Yourself!
Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology LLC has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday.
November 16, 2004 - VU Games sends word that Half-Life 2 is now officially in stores: Why is the first minute of Tuesday, November 16th so newsworthy?
NEW YORK -- New York boxing officials have suspended former heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield following his loss to journeyman Larry Donald on Saturday.
Wales head coach Mike Ruddock is urging his players to rewrite the history books with a famous victory over New Zealand at the Millennium Stadium.
Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, and began a key third-quarter burst that helped the San Antonio Spurs beat the New York Knicks 99-81 last night.
Manchester City midfielder Claudio Reyna could be out for up to another eight weeks after a thigh injury flared up again on his comeback at the weekend, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
AP - Vivendi Universal SA raised its 2004 earnings forecast Wednesday after strong performances by its music and telecommunications units powered a more than fivefold increase in third-quarter profit.
MARK COLVIN: Another announcement on Arabic TV, another brutal execution and again those doing their best to rebuild Iraq are being either killed or terrified into leaving.
The United National Security Council will begin a two-day extraordinary session here on Thursday to push Sudan #39;s north-south peace negotiations to a conclusion and to stop a 
Three men who admitted violating South Africas anti-mercenary laws for their role in an failed coup in Equatorial Guinea were ordered to pay fines or go to prison today.
The European Parliament approved a new slate of commissioners Tuesday in a delayed start of the new president #39;s administration.
Ministers from 21 Asia-Pacific economies will begin meetings later Wednesday in Santiago, Chile, ahead of a summit of leaders from the region later this week.
\Japan's ruling party considers proposing constitutional changes to let women take the throne, reports say.
ROME : Six new faces and a former favourite will get the chance to impress as Marcello Lippi #39;s experimental Italy team host Finland in an international friendly in Sicily.
AP - Larry and Drew Nelson combined for a 12-under 60 on Saturday take a one-stroke lead after the first round of the Father-Son Challenge.
AP - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a cooperation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries.
-- Consolidated cash-flow from operations(4) of EUR1,369 million. On a comparable(1) basis, consolidated cash flow from operations was up 42.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said India will not accept any Pakistani proposal that involves the redrawing of international borders.
Afghanistan #39;s Interior Ministry says the militant group claiming to have kidnapped three UN workers is not, in fact, the group holding the captives.
It might not sound like the most exciting headline, but Seagate has managed to cram 400Gb onto a standard hard drive to fit in a standard hard drive slot in a PC.
India News: Srinagar, Nov 17 : It was an expression anyone who knows Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s background would understand!
More than 15,000 species, from sharks to frogs to fir trees, are facing extinction and the total is rising faster than ever before.
Annual growth in workers #39; pay slowed unexpectedly in the three months to September to its lowest this year, official data has shown, providing more 
AP - Senior guard Jamie Carey scored a career-high 28 points, including six 3-pointers, to lead No. 7 Texas past New Mexico 73-56 on Saturday.
Oil prices extended recent losses Wednesday in anticipation of that another increase in crude supplies will be accompanied by a rise in heating fuel inventories.
China has pledged to invest \$20 billion in Argentina in the next 10 years, La Nacion reported Wednesday. The announcement came during the first day of a two-day visit 
NASA #39;s X-43A unmanned experimental research jet nosed its way into the record books again on Tuesday as it flew close to Mach 10.
MOSCOW. Nov 17 (Interfax) - President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that Russia will accomplish achievements in the nuclear sector which no other nuclear powers have.
A pensioner who lost out on a near 1m betting jackpot has died hours before he was to be given a share of another winner #39;s windfall.
The family of Margaret Hassan have spoken of their profound grief after a videotape emerged last night purporting to show the execution of the aid worker.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York's best asset in its bid to  host the 2012 Olympics is the city itself, campaign leader  Daniel Doctoroff said on Wednesday.
AFP - J Sainsbury reported its first ever pretax loss after investing heavily in restructuring aimed at arresting a decline in its fortunes.
VIRGIN Blue faces a clouded second half as it battles volatile fuel prices, rising charges by monopoly airport and navigation providers and an uncertain revenue growth caused by tough domestic competition.
Women #39;s clothing retailer Talbots Inc. on Wednesday said its third-quarter profit fell 21 percent despite a slight rise in retail sales and a gain from a tax break.
PORTSMOUTH - Five former or current city residents are among the individuals the Internal Revenue Service is looking for because their income tax refund checks could not be delivered.
A HYPERSONIC jet fuelled by Australian technology has smashed the world speed record reaching 10 times the speed of sound at 11,265km/h.
With Kewell playing below par, the Socceroos provided vital proof they no longer rely solely on Kewell #39;s magic to get a result.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Vancouver Canucks will announce Wednesday that local businessman Francesco Aquilini is buying half of the team, according to newspaper reports.
Tim Duncan had 17 points and 10 rebounds, helping the San Antonio Spurs to a 99-81 victory over the New York Kicks. This was the Spurs fourth straight win this season.
THE grieving family of slain aid worker Margaret Hassan yesterday begged her murderers to hand over her body to allow her the dignity of a proper burial.
Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday reported fourth-quarter earnings that sharply exceeded analysts #39; estimates due to increased sales and improved operating margins at its restaurants.
SBC Communications SBC.N on Wednesday said it reached a 10-year, \$400 million deal with Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O to provide next-generation television services.
High street and shopping mall retail chain Dixons Group, the UK #39;s largest consumer electronics and equipment retailer, has warned that sales and profits have waned in the last quarter.
Fresh off striking a conciliatory tone with Novell, Microsoft is now going on the offensive with a program in the US to woo NetWare users to the Windows platform.
Hollywood film studios file their first wave of lawsuits against people in the US who trade pirated films online.
A Saudi security officer is killed during a shootout with suspected al Qaeda militants north of Riyadh.
A HYPERSONIC rocket inspired by Australian technology has smashed the world speed record, travelling at 11,000km/h. RECORD bound .
Microsoft is targeting diehard NetWare customers faced with a looming decision on migrating servers to either to Linux or Windows Server 2003.
The Football Association has written to UEFA and FIFA to complain about racist abuse suffered by England #39;s black players in an under-21 international against Spain in Madrid on Tuesday night.
Even though he was dominated by Larry Donald on Saturday night at Madison Square Garden, former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield said he planned to keep boxing.
The Vancouver Canucks have called a news conference for Wednesday morning at GM Place to announce the sale of a percentage of the National Hockey League club.
New York City submitted its formal plan Monday to host the 2012 Olympics, as the centerpiece of the bid, a West Side stadium, continues to spark heated exchanges.
WASHINGTONFifteen years after its birth, the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum is increasingly dogged by an uncomfortable question: Is it any use?
Description: Violence continues in southern Thailand, where some say Islamic separatists are bent on splitting off the largely Muslim south from the Buddhist north.
J Sainsbury reported its first ever pretax loss after investing heavily in restructuring aimed at arresting a decline in its fortunes.
Creative Technology will spend US\$100 million next year to market its portable media devices in a worldwide campaign to grab market share from Apple Computer and its popular iPod player.
The Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is visiting Kashmir for the first time since taking office, as some of its troops withdraw from Indian-administered Kashmir.
A half-eaten slice of cheese on toast purportedly showing the image of the Virgin Mary has got online bargain-hunters licking their lips.
Before you get a loaner to buy stocks, consider the consequences if your position should fall flat.
Indian Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh has said that India will withdraw more soldiers from Kashmir provided that the violence decreases.
AFP - US consumer prices surged 0.6 percent in October, with higher energy costs fuelling fears of renewed inflation.
USATODAY.com - If it weren't for the Columbia House record and tape club, I'd own far fewer greatest-hits albums.
Pedro Martinez visited the enemy Tuesday, meeting with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner at New York's spring training complex in Tampa, Fla.
President Putin promises Russia pioneering new weaponry - amid continuing crisis in the armed forces.
AP - Virginia Tech can now proclaim itself the Atlantic Coast Conference's best team  #151; and no one can argue.
Oil prices extended recent heavy losses on Wednesday ahead of weekly US data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- SBC Communications on Wednesday became the second major local phone carrier to unveil plans to offer cable-like television services.
Prepared statements were flying like tickertape Tuesday, in the wake of ABC #39;s racy introductory skit on Monday Night Football.
AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair defended controversial plans to introduce identity cards in Britain, arguing they would help protect the nation from law-breakers.
AOL is looking to take off with its online travel site but it may be in for a bumpy landing instead.
A memorial service is held in Ireland for Margaret Hassan, as the EU warns of effects for relief workers in Iraq.
MUNICH - Former German football great Franz Beckenbauer has warned national team coach Juergen Klinsmann against fielding too many young players at the expense of experience.
Russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats, President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday.
The report, by Amnesty International, came as the United Nations Security Council prepared for an extraordinary meeting today aimed at securing peace in the strife-torn African country.
Tough anti-smoking measures were introduced yesterday in the publication of the Government #39;s Public Health White Paper. Jamie Diffley takes a look at who it affects.
The European Parliament (EP) will hold a vote of confidence in the new members of the European Union (EU) Commission led by Jose Manuel Barroso tomorrow.
A series of blasts rocks bank branches in the Argentine capital, Buenos Aires, killing a security guard.
Lawyers for director Roman Polanski say he should be allowed to fight a libel case in the UK from France.
The World Bank released its annual report on global economic prospects saying developing countries will register growth of 6.1 this year and just above 5 in 2005 and 2006.
LOS ANGELES An unmanned NASA jet that set a speed record of almost seven-thousand miles per hour was built by a Tennessee company.
Yesterday Deutsche bank were reported to be involved in talks on Monday with the Glazer camp about the possibility of replacing JP Morgan - not any more they ain #39;t.
About 1,000 Indian army troops began withdrawing from the embattled Kashmir district Wednesday as Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called for peace.
AP - Law enforcement agencies raided the head office of Russian oil giant OAO Yukos and the company's most important subsidiary, a Russian news agency reported Wednesday.
Reuters - Swedish poets have broadcast their\work into outer space by radio to give alien life forms -- if\they exist -- a taste of earthling literature.
Consumer prices in the United States increased by 0.6 percent in October, the biggest gain in five months, the US Labor Department reported on Wednesday.
For the first time, the Mid-American Conference will field three teams in bowl games this season after reaching a deal with the Silicon Valley Football Classic, the Toledo Blade reported.
AP - A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
AP - Senate Republicans on Wednesday narrowly chose North Carolina Sen. Elizabeth Dole to lead their campaign operations for 2006.
The Russian government says more servicemen died from suicide or in accidents than in the line of duty this year.
AFP - Long-held silence over the taboo subject of toilets is taking its toll on global health and holding back developing countries, hygiene experts warned at a world toilet summit here.
Eight policemen die when their vehicle hits a landmine laid by Maoists in western Nepal, authorities say.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices extended heavy recent losses  on Wednesday as U.S. government data showed crude stocks  building for an eighth straight week ahead of winter.
A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.
Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard and shattering windows, police said.
Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Software maker teams up with UNESCO to boost the number of languages in which its applications are offered.
InPhonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for IPOs.
AFP - British soldiers operating south of Baghdad were targeted in two bomb attacks, including one suicide car bombing and another attack that left one soldier injured.
AP - The vast majority of provisional ballots cast in Ohio were legitimate, say election officials who are poring over thousands of presidential election ballots.
Reuters - Swarms of pink locusts swept through the\Egyptian capital on Wednesday, evoking the biblical description\of the plagues which struck in the time of Moses.
The world #39;s developing countries this year will turn in the strongest economic growth in three decades and should continue to enjoy solid expansion in 2005 and 2006, the World Bank predicted Tuesday.
The Motion Picture Association of America has escalated its hunt for Internet movie pirates with the filing of several lawsuits against individuals the MPAA says are distributing pirated movies.
IBM and top scientific research organizations are joining forces in a humanitarian effort to tap the unused power of millions of computers and help solve complex social problems.
Creative Chairman and CEO Sim Wong Hoo is aiming for a 40 percent share of the global market for MP3 players next year. To achieve its target, the Singapore-based company will 
East Carolina football coach John Thompson will step down at the end of the season, a school source told The Associated Press on Wednesday.
The husband of Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan has asked Islamic militants to return his wife #39;s body to him so that she can, in his words, rest in peace.
Bombs have exploded at three banks in the Argentine capital, including two branches of US giant Citibank, killing one security guard and injuring one other person, police say.
PC buyers can look forward to DVDs with up to 10 times the storage they now have when Hewlett-Packard rolls out machines supporting next-generation DVD technology next year.
Englishman Paul Casey will be in for a hard time on the US Tour next year after his outspoken remarks about American golfers, Scott Verplank warned on Wednesday.
Wrexham have been given just over two weeks to solve their financial problems by the High Court, a day after the club applied to go into administration.
A massive plan to attract the 2012 Summer Olympics to New York, touting the city's diversity, financial and media power, was unveiled today.
AP - The World Health Organization said Wednesday it approved the first international standard for a human genetic test to help laboratories improve the accuracy and quality of their results.
The world #39;s biodiversity is declining at an unprecedented rate, the recognized global watchdog on endangered species said Wednesday in announcing its annual list of most vulnerable wildlife.
 LAKE FOREST, Ill. (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears wide  receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic  violations.
Microsoft has turned the channel on its slow-moving television software business by winning a key contract for its new Internet-based TV platform from SBC Communications.
Andrew Bridges, an intellectual property lawyer in the San Francisco office of Winston  amp; Strawn, said the MPAA could fare better than the recording industry, which has experienced slow progress 
Aggregator says it expects flat-rate pricing to simplify budgeting for enterprises and to increase usage of hotspots. By Mobile Pipeline News.
All Black assistant Steve Hansen wants to develop a relationship between traditional foes New Zealand and Wales. He has instigated talks about the twinning concept, a year out from plans to have 
POLICE fought street battles today for a second straight day with university students protesting the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Chile and the weekend arrival of US President George W. Bush.
Reuters - Chicago Bears wide\receiver David Terrell has been arrested for traffic\violations.
After much speculation, two discount giants move to create third-largest retailer.
AP - The nation's chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABC's "Monday Night Football" broadcast.
AFP - Online auction site eBay said it has launched its operations in the Philippines.
US software maker Microsoft has announced the general availability of the Microsoft Solution for Windows-based Hosting version 3.0.
The racist abuse suffered by England #39;s Under-21 stars against Spain on Tuesday is a regular part of the Spanish game, says an anti-racism campaign body.
Disgraced Romanian international striker Adrian Mutu lodged an appeal against his sacking by Premiership leaders Chelsea for taking cocaine.
A policeman who says he escaped from the ambush said a group of around 20 armed men attacked a hotel occupied by the policemen near the Jordanian border.
The European Union threatens to impose sanctions on some US imports unless Washington repeals its anti-dumping law.
AP - President Bush has decided to name Harriet Miers, a longtime Texas associate, as White House counsel, a senior administration official said Wednesday.
Reuters - Denver Broncos veteran defensive\tackle Luther Elliss is listed as out for Sunday's game at New\Orleans with a calf injury.
AP - After years of resistance, the U.S. trucking industry says it will not try to impede or delay a new federal rule aimed at cutting diesel pollution.
AP - China was eliminated from qualifying for the 2006 World Cup despite a 7-0 victory Wednesday night over visiting Hong Kong, with Kuwait finishing first in the group on the fifth tiebreaker.
Investors didn't appreciate news of their management's plans to sell shares.
Industry group will offer a free program to help users find and eliminate illegal files. The Motion Picture Association of America this week announced that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use 
AFP - Disgraced Romanian international striker Adrian Mutu lodged an appeal against his sacking by Premiership leaders Chelsea for taking cocaine.
Microsoft chairman Bill Gates will sign a co-operation agreement with Unesco today to improve access to computers, the Internet and IT training in developing countries.
After years of resistance, the US trucking industry says it will not try to impede or delay a new federal rule aimed at cutting diesel pollution.
Microsoft has announced general availability of Windows-Based Hosting Version 3.0, which is a platform for service providers to sell hosted offerings.
Paris launched their candidature file for the 2012 Olympics on Wednesday with bid leaders insisting they have learned their lesson from past failures.
Signing shortstop Cristian Guzman and third baseman Vinny Castilla indicate that Washington GM Jim Bowden takes seriously his pledge to aggressively assemble a competitive team.
Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Quarterback Henry Burris of the Saskatchewan Roughriders was among the CFL players recognized Wednesday for their outstanding performances in the division finals.
AP - The low number of minorities coaching college football teams reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study released Wednesday.
UN Security Council  diplomats are in Kenya to push for a Sudan peace deal and progress on Darfur.
Russian oil giant Yukos says it is about to miss a deadline on a back tax payment of more than \$6bn due from 2002.
Pulp Fiction co-writer Roger Avary is suing Microsoft, accusing the software giant of stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.
AP - Daunte Culpepper was leading Pro Bowl fan balloting through Wednesday with 325,383 votes.
Reuters - Fossils of ancient marine reptiles that\lived 230 million years ago show the prehistoric creatures gave\birth to live young, scientists said on Wednesday.
Reuters - Grape harvest records have enabled\French scientists to track variations in summer temperatures in\France since the 14th century.
On the surface, speech technologies make a lot of sense. But it may still be too early for them to make it in prime time.
US consumer prices rose in October, spurred by energy and food costs, and industrial production and housing starts surged, suggesting the Federal Reserve may keep raising its benchmark interest rate.
WASHINGTON - The nations chief media regulator expressed disappointment Wednesday over the steamy locker room opening to ABCs Monday Night Football broadcast.
Welcome to The Show! On Novemeber 21 in Homestead, Fla, NASCAR will crown a champion when the inaugural Chase for the Nextel Cup concludes.
Text-to-speech technology will be featured in a range of Redmond's server products, beginning with Speech Server 2004.
The new recipient of Redmond's bounty, Vintela, sells software that integrates Unix and Linux tools with Windows environments.
Margaret Spellings has been a close adviser to President Bush since his days as Texas governor.
Reuters - Pittsburgh Steelers running\back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at\Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
Reiterating previous statements, though providing no new details, President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia would continue to emphasize its nuclear deterrent.
Flight attendants union president Patricia Friend has threatened a nationwide strike against 26 airlines if US Airways ditches its union contracts while in bankruptcy.
Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo has released a dual-mode phone that works on both 3G FOMA cellular networks and wireless local area networks.
Tottenham defender Dean Richards has confirmed that a specialist has told him the chances of him suffering a brain tumour are  #39;extremely low #39;.
DOZENS of people, many of them women and children, were killed or wounded in attacks across Iraq overnight amid reports that more than 60 Iraqi policemen have been kidnapped.
The explosions on Wednesday occurred near ATM machines in branches belonging to Citibank and Banco Galicia, damaging the building #39;s facades, officials said.
Hard-disk drive maker Seagate Technology has started shipping a drive targeted at personal computers that offers 400GB of storage space, it said Tuesday.
 PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers running  back Duce Staley is listed as questionable for Sunday's game at  Cincinnati with a hamstring injury.
Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.
NOVEMBER 17, 2004 -- Pittsburgh, Pa. -- The largest union representing flight attendants yesterday threatened strikes against airlines that seek to abrogate contracts through bankruptcy proceedings.
SBC said it signed a 10-year, \$400 million agreement with Microsoft to provide next-generation television services using Microsoft #39;s TV internet protocol television edition software platform.
Humans were born to run and evolved from ape-like creatures into the way they look today probably because of the need to cover long distances and compete for food, scientists said on Wednesday.
Can the Bagers bounce back from last week #39;s debacle? Will Noah Herron maintain his momentum against Illinois? Will Minnesota be home for the holidays?
The Palestinian Fatah Movement threatened to boycott the upcoming presidential elections unless the cause of Yasser Arafat #39;s is revealed.
AP - Following complaints, eBay has announced a new policy regarding use of racially offensive terms in its listings.
Disconsolate China coach Arie Haan stepped down after his team suffered an embarrassing early exit from World Cup qualifying despite thrashing Hong Kong 7-0.
AP - It should have been an occasion for the Tampa Bay Lightning to bask one more time in the glow of winning the Stanley Cup.
The number of people killed and injured by landmines last year fell, says a report - but there are still thousands of victims.
A team in California led by Boeing Co. successfully completed the first laboratory trial of a system to destroy ballistic missiles just after they are launched.
Sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.
AP - Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks before they opened Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Balanced discussion of copyright issues begins
US Treasury Secretary John W. Snow began a European tour yesterday, aiming to highlight the need for stronger economic growth in Europe as Washington tries to blunt criticism over massive 
China and Argentina signed accords on Tuesday that could bring nearly \$20 billion in investment from the Asian giant over the next 10 years for the capital-starved Latin American economy.
Lower bad loan provisions helped Credit Agricole SA #39;s third-quarter profit to rise 71 percent, the French bank said Wednesday.
Cisco Systems signed an agreement on Wednesday to acquire network management start-up Jahi Networks for \$16 million. Jahi, a San Jose, Calif.
Security researchers are warning of another pair of vulnerabilities in Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer browser affecting users on fully patched Windows XP Service Pack 2 systems.
Anaheim Angels outfielder Vladimir Guerrero claimed the American League MVP award on Tuesday, turning what was supposed to be a tight race into a runaway victory.
Miyazaki - Tiger Woods will be looking for his first win in Japan when he tees off on Thursday in the Dunlop Phoenix golf tournament.
We are born to run. According to new research, our bodies are highly evolved for running long distances, an ability that allowed our ancestors to conquer the African savannahs.
Youd think that the people tuning in to watch the Eagles face the Cowboys on Monday night wouldn #39;t have a problem seeing a naked woman on TV.
Nokia yesterday demonstrated streaming video over mobile phones using IPv6, the slow-building successor to today's Internet addressing system. Broadband Blog
Four Linux companies start a global effort to homogenize one version of the open-source operating system.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Multi-bank currency trading platform  FXall has launched a money markets service, the company said on  Wednesday.
The chicken company, formerly a cooperative, is now making money as a for-profit corporation.
The company's latest earnings met analysts' estimates but uncertainty still lingers.
The company turned in a wider Q1 loss but is still on track for a profitable year.
Rising energy costs drove up US consumer prices a larger-than-expected 0.6 percent in October, while industrial output and housing starts rebounded strongly from the prior month.
The honor of paying the stiffest penalty in the long-running mutual fund trading scandal goes to former investment advisers Harold Baxter and Gary Pilgrim.
An experimental NASA jet has flown at just under 10 times the speed of sound, a record that is a step forward for the plane and its experimental scramjet engine.
MIAMI - A decade-old grilled cheese sandwich bearing what could be the image of the Virgin Mary is garnering intense interest on an internet auction site.
Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country is developing a new type of nuclear missile. Mr. Putin spoke at an annual meeting of the armed forces #39; senior leadership.
New allegations that Israeli arms dealers helped the army of Ivory Coast attack a French military base look likely to reignite long-tense relations between Israel and France.
The UK must lure foreign talent if it is to compete with the growing economic challenge of countries such as India and China, the government warns.
Ryan Nelsen, the defensive force behind D.C. United's MLS championship run this season, will not return to the club.
Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia -- Local businessman Francesco Aquilini bought half of the Vancouver Canucks from American John McCaw.
WHITE HOUSE The White House is reacting cautiously to Vladimir Putin #39;s announcement that Russia #39;s developing an entirely new nuclear missile.
More than 60 Iraqi policemen were kidnapped by unknown gunmen after the officers finished a training course in Jordan, said Iraqi police.
AP - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia ordered an inquiry Wednesday to determine the cause of death of former leader Yasser Arafat.
NewsFactor - LG Electronics, the South Korea-based wireless handset manufacturer, has launched the first terrestrial DMB (digital multimedia broadcast) cell phone.
Top ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Homemade bombs exploded in two Buenos Aires banks before they opened Wednesday, killing a security guard, police said.
Whenever an entire industry is beset by scandal, look for the participants who are clean.
Police in Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region refuse to take orders from the government.
AP - With just hours left in the countdown, NASA called off the launch Wednesday of a spacecraft that will hunt for emerging black holes.
The architect behind New York's revamped Museum of Modern Art likens it to a Japanese teacup.
President Bush's nominee for attorney general, Alberto R. Gonzales, was all but guaranteed Senate confirmation today.
Crude futures prices traded near two-month lows on Wednesday after the US government reported that commercially available oil supplies increased for the eighth straight week.
China could be Argentina #39;s next best friend, especially at a time when the country is facing more enemies than allies as it is now.
The wife of Enron founder Kenneth Lay is under federal investigation for possible insider trading because she arranged for the Lay family foundation to sell half a million shares of Enron Corp.
Brace yourself. There may be a less-than-miraculous explanation for that image of the Virgin Mary a Florida woman says appeared in her grilled cheese sandwich.
Always in the courts for something, this time its writer and consultant to games makers Roger Avary who is involved in legal action with Microsoft.
Home theater company Cambridge SoundWorks is helping consumers tackle the time-consuming task of converting CDs into digital files.
Seagate announced today the availability of a 400 gigabyte (GB) Barracuda 7200.8 model for high-end PC #39;s and entry-level servers.
Looking to the future of the internet, voice over IP, streaming video, and other applications, Nokia has developed a prototype handset that supports Mobile Internet 
One person was killed, another injured when three bombs exploded in a branch bank of US Citibank on Wednesday. A private guard of the bank died and a policeman was injured 
FM Shalom, who met US secretary in Washington, said Israel would do all that it can to enable elections, as long as it would not harm our security.
European elites, like American elites, are having trouble understanding the recent American elections. How can 59,054,087 people be so DUMB?
Reuters - The British and Irish prime ministers\presented bitterly divided Northern Ireland politicians on\Wednesday with what their governments insist is their final\plan for restoring home rule in the province.
AFP - Swarms of locusts descended on Cairo and around the fertile Nile Delta, but the authorities insisted the insects posed no serious threat to agriculture.
 GREENVILLE, N.C. (Sports Network) - East Carolina head  football coach John Thompson announced his resignation,  effective at the end of the season, on Wednesday.
The Expos seek deposits from fans who had registered for season tickets, although the process begins a day earlier than expected.
WASHINGTON The two founders of the Pennsylvania-based Pilgrim-Baxter mutual fund family have agreed settle regulators #39; charges of improper trading.
Defender Antonio de la Torre will celebrate his 27th birthday Thursday as a member of the Rapids. Where he #39;ll celebrate next year is anyone #39;s guess.
A series of bombings ripped through three banks in downtown Buenos Aires Wednesday killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
Representatives of 21 Pacific Rim economies are in Santiago, Chile for preliminary meetings leading up to this weekend #39;s meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum.
Pretoria - Nick du Toit and Simon Mann were the masterminds of a planned coup in Equatorial Guinea, and Sir Mark Thatcher, who has denied involvement, was financially implicated.
There were fears tonight for the lives of 31 Iraqi policemen who were kidnapped as they returned from a training camp in Jordan. They were abducted on Sunday when gunmen stormed the hotel they were staying 
Laugh all you want, say public hygiene experts at the World Toilet Summit, but the importance of having loos you can use is no joke.
Plus, Hewlett-Packard's marginal margins, Yahoo! courts singles, and hyper growth equals one hot IPO.
Applied Materials (AMAT:Nasdaq - news - research) posted sharply higher net income in its fiscal fourth quarter but said it had seen demand decelerate recently.
Yahoo #39;s email service has begun to use the company #39;s DomainKeys authentication technology, almost a year after Yahoo first unveiled this antispam project.
AP - The ATP Tour will supply players with nutritional supplements checked by a WADA-affiliated laboratory starting next season.
Description: The scramjet is a new plane that can fly at nearly 10 times the speed of sound. NASA conducted a successful test-flight Tuesday.
Launch of NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft has been delayed at least 24 hours due to a concern with Range Command-Receiver Decoder equipment on the launch vehicle.
British officials were on diplomatic tenterhooks as they awaited the arrival on Thursday of French President Jacques Chirac for a two-day state visit to Britain.
AP - Seattle Seahawks linebacker Anthony Simmons will have season-ending surgery to repair a broken left wrist.
AP - Hornets guard Baron Davis will miss at least five games after being put on the injured list Wednesday because of an inflamed disc in his lower back.
Cisco Systems on Wednesday said it plans to acquire Jahi Networks, a privately held network management appliance vendor, in a \$16 million deal.
Previously, I have asked what happens to the software industry if enterprises expect to acquire their software for free via open source.
Sometimes you have to wonder what the geniuses at the major network sports divisions are imbibing or inhaling when they make critical decisions about what we watch.
Two first-half goals from Werder Bremen striker Angelos Haristeas helped Greece secure a 3-1 victory over Kazakhstan on Wednesday and kickstart their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Around 120 protesters were arrested here Wednesday after they crashed with police in a rally against globalization and US President George W. Bush, who will arrive here for 
New report shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags.
AP - The fans' constant chants for Patrick Ramsey were a source of locker room humor among the Washington Redskins over the last few weeks, including one running gag involving Ramsey's wife.
Multiculturalism is stirring a bitter public debate about national identity in Turkey.
The choice in Sunday's presidential election: move closer to Europe or Russia?
AP - No. 15 Virginia Tech is all alone in first place in the Atlantic Coast Conference with three games left, including one against Virginia and another against Miami.
Seattle Seahawks linebacker Anthony Simmons will have season-ending surgery to repair a broken left wrist.
AP - Rich Gannon no longer needs a bulky, plastic brace to protect the broken vertebra in his neck.
The real question is whether the movie industry, unlike the recording industry, can provide an answer to P2P that is as convenient and valuable to users.
INDIA withdrew about 1,000 troops from Kashmir yesterday as Manmohan Singh, the Prime Minister, made his first visit to the disputed territory since coming to power.
President Vladimir V. Putin, meeting with Russia #39;s defense officials and military commanders here, said today that the country would soon deploy new nuclear missile 
A series of bombings ripped through three banks Wednesday in downtown Buenos Aires killing one security guard and injuring a member of the bomb squad.
The emergence of modern humans may be tied to the evolution of running, a new study suggests, a new study suggests.
Menacing body posture can be as threatening as a frightening facial expression, according to new research. The finding may explain how fear spreads.
Scientists have figured out how so-called Jesus lizards are able to scurry across the surfaces of ponds and streams.
Opponents of the proposal say Poland's move delivers a serious blow to attempts to make software patentable in Europe.
Plus: eBay outlines policy on racist language. News.com Extra
That enthusiasm was tempered somewhat today when the Labor Department reported that the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rose 0.6 percent in October, the biggest increase since June and 
European complaints over a strengthening euro are falling on deaf ears in Washington, where officials see a weaker dollar as a key to unwinding global economic imbalances, analysts say.
SINGAPORE: Oil prices extended losses to fall below \$46 Wednesday ahead of weekly US data expected to show fuel stocks rising in time for peak winter demand.
Software giant Microsoft Corp. developed policies to destroy internal e-mails and other documents crucial to ongoing lawsuits, according to a motion filed by a California software company.
Reuters - The United States has seen\information suggesting Iran is working on the technology to\deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile, Secretary of State\Colin Powell said on Wednesday.
With the ill-tempered England - Spain game in Madrid at the Bernebau drawing to a close, and England currently 1-0 down; what are the mindless Spanish supporters doing?
Denver, CO (Sports Network) - Denver forward Carmelo Anthony had marijuana charges dropped by the city district attorney Wednesday.
A report released Wednesday shows commitment by 85 countries to end the practice - but enforcement still lags. By Mike Crawley  Correspondent of The Christian Science Monitor.
AP - It worked for the St. Louis Rams last week, so Wednesday was another good day for full-contact scrimmaging.
AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.
Thin-client Sun Ray product hasn't taken off yet, but Sun hopes subscription pricing will boost its popularity.
AP - Presidential appointments to senior science and technology posts should be filled more quickly and without regard to political affiliation, a new report from the nonpartisan National Academies urged Wednesday.
AP - The Indianapolis Colts could be without their starting guards Sunday against Chicago.
AP - Mall-based retailer Hot Topic Inc., Wednesday reported an 18 percent decline in profit for the latest quarter, blaming weak Halloween sales.
Free agent Troy Percival and Detroit agree Wednesday on a \$12 million, two-year contract, giving the Tigers two closers for their bullpen.
Oil prices abruptly ended a losing streak on Wednesday, jumping nearly \$1 after a US government report showed heating oil stockpiles down 16 percent from last year ahead of winter.
Congress moved toward reinstating a ban on Internet-access taxes after the Senate on Wednesday tweaked a measure it had previously passed with hopes the House of Representative would take it up.
State insurance commissioners from across the country have proposed new rules governing insurance brokerage fees, winning praise from an industry group and criticism from 
Cash-strapped American Airlines Wednesday said it is trying to take some of the fluff out of its costs: so the world #39;s largest carrier is eliminating pillows on its planes.
Microsoft Corp. isn #39;t often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
Andriy Shevchenko scored twice as Ukraine won 3-0 in Turkey on Wednesday to put them in with a great chance of qualifying for the World Cup for the first time.
Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Mahmoud Abbas says officials will take steps to end lawlessness and violence in the Palestinian territories ahead of scheduled January 9 elections for president.
Reuters - Pacific Rim trading nations\said on Wednesday they should pool their influence to breathe\new life into talks to free up world trade.
 SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Pacific Rim trading nations  said on Wednesday they should pool their influence to breathe  new life into talks to free up world trade.
Eddie Lampert has built a reputation as one of the investing world #39;s savviest money managers. By Yuval Rosenberg, CNN/Money contributing writer.
Teen clothing retailer Hot Topic Inc. said Wednesday that profit fell 18 percent in the fiscal third quarter as increased costs offset higher revenue.
AP - The Americans have never lost the UBS Cup, which returns to South Carolina this week for the fourth competition in the Ryder Cup-style event.
NEW DELHI: With all the flap about whether India should get the veto or not, the real culprit here seemed to have been the language barrier.
AP - Intuit Inc. posted a narrower net loss for its latest quarter as increased revenue from its QuickBooks accounting software helped boost results.
AFP - Canada wants the International Monetary Fund to examine whether the Chinese yuan really is undervalued, giving it an unfair trade advantage, Trade Minister James Peterson said.
AP - Fans taunted black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.
With a defiant streak across the sky, the fastest plane in the world broke its own speed record before plunging into the sea for the last time.
Apple Computer, the maker of Macintosh computers and iPod digital music players, plans to start a music download service in Japan by March 2005.
Wimbledon this ain #39;t. When it rains in SW19, herds of well-drilled young men rush forward with tarpaulins to protect the hallowed turf.
DUBLIN: Tottenham striker Robbie Keane extended his Irish goal-scoring record with his 24th strike for his country as Ireland beat Croatia 1-0 in a friendly international on Tuesday.
DENVER Attorneys for Kobe Bryant and the woman who accused him of sexual assault have met in Denver federal court to map out a preliminary schedule for the civil case.
NEW YORK : Anaheim Angels right fielder Vladimir Guerrero was named baseball #39;s American League Most Valuable Player in his first year after jumping from the National League.
An Islamic militant wanted in the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pearl was discovered running a clothing shop near the Indian border and killed in a shootout with police, Pakistani authorities said Wednesday.
Oil prices rise again after US government data showed heating stocks remained 16 down on 2003 levels.
Asier del Horno's early goal gives Spain victory in an ill-tempered friendly.
AP - One miserable month has wiped away all the promise Missouri started with this season.
A new study claims to undermine the key argument used by people sceptical of climate change.
CHICAGO -- Two companies famous for blue-light specials and monstrous catalogs are joining forces to become the third-largest retailer in the United States.
Wall Street stocks rose moderately Wednesday as investors cheered the merger deal that combined retailers Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co.
Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
On Friday, we #39;ll begin to hear a familiar sound of the holiday season, the sound of bells ringing in the name of the Salvation Army.
The Spanish football federation were facing renewed and sustained criticism last night over the racist chanting directed at England #39;s black players - Ashley Cole, Rio Ferdinand and 
DUBLIN - Robbie Keane scored off a Damien Duff cross to give Ireland a 1-0 victory over Croatia in an exhibition soccer match Tuesday.
LEIPZIG, Germany : Jurgen Klinsmann enjoyed his first home win as German manager with his team defeating ten-man Cameroon 3-0 in a friendly match.
Real Salt Lake obtained its first player in Major League Soccer Wednesday, trading for Dallas forward Jason Kreis in exchange for future considerations.
Without getting into details of the missiles or their capabilities, Putin links their development to a response to the threat of international terrorism.
AP - Kobe Bryant's attorneys have identified about 125 potential witnesses to testify in the civil lawsuit filed against him by the woman who accused him of sexual assault, attorneys told a judge Wednesday.
Boston #39; Northeastern University dropout Shawn Fanning, who tapped out the code to Napster in 1999, is back in the music downloading game.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Car buyers, tired of designs that roll  off the assembly line, are shifting gears to decades past.
AP - Detroit Pistons coach Larry Brown returned to the bench Wednesday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves after missing two weeks due to hip surgery.
AP - The San Diego Padres signed infielders Damian Jackson and Jesse Garcia to minor league contracts Wednesday and invited them to spring training.
Washington announces a major new initiative to try to tackle the production of illegal drugs in Afghanistan.
AP - The race was close, tough, sometimes bitter, but "now's the time for healing," President Bush said in sparing the lives of two White House turkeys.
The dollar slumped to a fresh all-time low against the euro yesterday as John Snow, the US Treasury Secretary, poured cold water on hopes of intervention to stem its decline.
I ran has agreed to suspend its nuclear programs while it continues negotiations with European nations on the future of those efforts.
(Nov. 17) -- The grilled cheese sandwich bearing the likeness of the Virgin Mary is back on ebay. A woman says she made the sandwich ten years ago.
Margaret Hassan, who has been murdered aged 59, devoted more than 30 years of her life to helping the disadvantaged people of Iraq.
An independent inquiry called on the Ministry of Defence yesterday to admit the existence of Gulf War syndrome and set aside millions of pounds to compensate sick veterans.
AP - An Islamic militant wanted in the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pearl was killed Wednesday in a shootout with Pakistan police who were trying to arrest him, officials said.
Troy Percival will indeed be visiting Detroit. What happens from there is anyone #39;s guess. Agent Paul Cohen confirmed to MLB.com on Monday that the free agent closer will 
A thousand Indian troops withdrew from the disputed territory of Kashmir yesterday in a goodwill gesture aimed at fostering a new peace in the province.
SANTIAGO, Chile - Pacific Rim trading nations said today they should pool their influence to breathe new life into talks to free up world trade.
Bombs detonated at three banks in downtown Buenos Aires Wednesday resulting in the death of one security guard and in leaving another person injured.
As union activists have fallen by the hundreds in Colombia, labor rights groups and some members of the U.S. Congress have promised to do something about the violence.
AP - Gov. Jim Doyle announced plans Wednesday to invest nearly  #36;750 million to support human embryonic stem cell research and other medical experiments.
The free-agent closer Troy Percival and the Detroit Tigers agreed Wednesday to a two-year, \$12 million contract.
Internet auction giant eBay is toughening its offensive-material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items.
LOS ANGELES New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson today endorsed the University of California to keep managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
November 17, 2004 - Seagate Technology today announced that it has shipped the world #39;s largest PC hard drive to various retail outlets.
An NHL lockout that is nine weeks old will not end soon unless the owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players union.
AP - With just hours left in the countdown, NASA called off the launch Wednesday of a spacecraft that will hunt for emerging black holes.
Sun puts very early versions of the source code on its Web site so Java programmers could better see and participate in its development.
Hedging slightly on its vow not to update browser before releasing Longhorn, Microsoft says it could release add-ons to freshen up IE.
Plus: Write-downs widen DirecTV's loss...Time Warner net income slips...Cell phone unit shores up Verizon.
Subscription software maker reports jump in third-quarter sales, but sees growth slowing next year.
Hewlett-Packard says nearly 200 of its customers using SAP business applications have migrated to HP servers with Itanium inside.
Sun doesn't want to bring its Solaris operating sytem to Intel's Itanium chip. This week.
Ex-US leader Bill Clinton is to open his presidential library, housing millions of documents from his time in office.
OIL prices extended heavy recent losses as United States government data showed crude stocks building for an eighth straight week ahead of winter.
Linux vendors from Europe, Asia, and North and South America have teamed up to create a common core implementation of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0.
China beat Hong Kong of China 7-0 but were still eliminated from the Asian zone second stage World Cup qualifying tournament on Wednesday.
Oklahoma sports information director Kenny Mossman has a fresh, new story about quarterback Jason White that he #39;s dying to tell.
MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin said yesterday that Russia is developing a new type of nuclear missile system unlike those held by other countries, news agencies reported.
AP - Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates signed a cooperation agreement with UNESCO on Wednesday to improve access to computers, the Internet and information technology training in developing countries.
AP - Microsoft Corp. isn't often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
Researchers have found a trio of flaws in Internet Explorer--making almost 20 in total.
AP - Japan's top mobile carrier has begun marketing a cell phone that can make Internet calls over Wi-Fi wireless networks in addition to regular ones.
Three U.S. border crossings have been outfitted with fingerprint readers and digital imaging equipment as part of the US-VISIT program.
Newly named AirTight Networks picks up funding, appoints new execs and board members.
Company pursuing different wholesale access rates to its local phone network for Net phone providers.
Acquisition is expected to help Cisco Systems reinforce its network management offerings.
com November 17, 2004, 5:03 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
BAGHDAD: A suicide car bomber blasted an American convoy north of Baghdad as US troops battled insurgents west of the capital yesterday in a wave of violence that killed at least 27 people.
The players forming rookie quarterback Eli Manning's line of protection have not inspired much confidence lately, least of all among themselves.
The fact that neither Kmart or Sears has faired well against Wal-Mart may leave some people wondering if the combined company can do any better.
The dollar plunged to an all-time low against the euro yesterday as the Bush administration signalled it was not prepared to take any action to prevent the slide.
A major Japanese trading company is investing in Isuzu Motors Ltd., a truckmaker allied with General Motors Corp. of the United States, to strengthen a partnership in Thailand.
D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp has set a vote on a plan to build a baseball stadium with public funds for Nov. 30.
Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC, said Wednesday he was disappointed with ABC for airing a sexually suggestive opening to "Monday Night Football."
Redskins wide receiver Darnerien McCants is happy to be back on the active roster and contributing again.
Safety Ed Reed has made game-changing plays in three of the Ravens' last four wins, and has become a scoring threat from the defensive side of the ball.
Defender Aitor del Horno scored in the ninth minute to earn Spain a 1-0 victory over England in their friendly at Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.
The Northwestern boys' basketball team has been barred from postseason play after an infractions committee found they violated state rules for the third consecutive year.
Japan #39;s ruling party is considering constitutional revisions for setting up a self-defense military force and also making the emperor the head of the state.
The Grade I \$300,000 Frank J. De Francis Memorial Dash at Pimlico features a fast field despite not missing the country's prime burner Pico Central.
Navy already has caught the attention of several bowl game officials and hopes a strong performance against Rutgers on Saturday will cement its chances of postseason play.
Fans taunt black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.
Antawn Jamison scores 27 points and the Wizards shut out the Celtics for the first 4:47 of overtime in a 110-105 victory Wednesday.
As if it wasn't tough enough being a soldier these days, the Army and Air Force Exchange Service has run out of copies of "Halo 2." Missing Links
Jonathan Schwartz looks to an open-source future, while Scott McNealy shows off the upcoming "Niagara" chip.
A massive plan to attract the 2012 Summer Olympics to New York, touting the city's diversity, financial and media power, was revealed Wednesday.
Nigeria lifts the six-month state of emergency in the central highland state of Plateau.
WASHINGTON The tobacco industry urged a federal appeals court today to throw out a decision allowing the Justice Department to sue cigarette companies for 280 (b) billion dollars.
Japan #39;s top mobile carrier has begun marketing a cell phone that can make Internet calls over Wi-Fi wireless networks in addition to regular ones.
An exiled Iranian opposition group has said that Iran obtained weapons-grade Uranium and a design for a nuclear bomb from a Pakistani scientist who has admitted to selling nuclear secrets abroad.
Japan #39;s ruling party is considering proposals to revise the constitution to let women take the throne, according to a draft seen by local media.
The William J. Clinton Presidential Center, in Little Rock, Ark., which is to be dedicated on Thursday, sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
LONDON - A report on Gulf War syndrome released Wednesday urges the British government to acknowledge the illness is real and calls for compensation for veterans who became sick following the 1991 conflict.
The head of the Federal Communications Commission joined the chorus Wednesday complaining about the steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football.
Ecuador #39;s 1-0 win over Brazil has ended the world champions #39; unbeaten run in the region #39;s World Cup qualifying competition.
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. Detroit started to resemble the NBA championship team it was last season with some key parts back on the scene.
AP - Amare Stoudemire scored a career-high 38 points, leading the Phoenix Suns to a 95-84 victory over the winless New Orleans Hornets on Wednesday night.
It's only a matter of time before Redskins fans clamor for backup quarterback Tim Hasselbeck.
Ralph Friedgen and Frank Beamer's relationship goes back 32 years to College Park, but for about three hours on Thursday, that friendship will be suspended.
AP - Japan's central bank decided Thursday to keep monetary policy unchanged to continue efforts to spur an economic recovery.
As tougher immigration laws make it increasingly harder for foreign students to learn English in the United States, immersion villages, according to experts, have promise beyond South Korea.
Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday, while police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
The \$80 million penalties against the founders of Pilgrim Baxter are the largest imposed on individuals since investigations began last fall into improper trading at some mutual fund companies.
The California insurance commissioner said on Wednesday night that the broker had agreed to cooperate in developing a case against the insurers.
The Red Sox' president, Larry Lucchino, and general manager, Theo Epstein, flew to Florida to meet with Pedro Martnez and one of his agents.
Jeff Van Gundy is nearly three years removed from his time with the Knicks, but escaping the pressure of New York has not given him much relief.
Industrial production and new home construction rose sharply last month, suggesting that the economy is overcoming high energy prices and rebounding from the summer slump.
Treasury Secretary John Snow said Wednesday cutting the US current account deficit will be a top priority for the Bush administration #39;s second term.
Royal Philips Electronics said on Wednesday that it would take a \$752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in MedQuist 
Brisbane, Australia: Australia grabbed two key wickets to have New Zealand on the defensive on the opening morning of the first cricket Test at the Gabba in Brisbane on Thursday.
DENVER -- A federal appeals court has refused to reinstate the discrimination lawsuit brought by former US Olympic Committee drug czar Wade Exum.
In terms of their inability to score, the Nets are turning back the clock this season, which is not necessarily a good thing. Nor is it aesthetically pleasing.
The White House expressed sympathy Wednesday night for the family of Margaret Hassan, the British aid worker who was kidnapped in Iraq and is believed to have been killed.
The United States has intelligence that Iran is working to adapt missiles to deliver a nuclear weapon, further evidence that the Islamic republic 
#NAME?
opposition to promise to complete by December 31 a comprehensive peace agreement ending a 21-year civil war. Security Council would put pressure on both sides to wrap up the accord.
The Bank of Japan left its ultra-easy monetary policy unchanged on Thursday, showing it was still committed to fighting deflation.
An Afghan official said criminals were holding a British woman and two other kidnapped United Nations workers, not the Taliban-linked group that has threatened to kill them unless its jailed comrades are freed.
BAGHDAD: A suicide attacker drove his bomb-laden car into a US convoy during fighting on Wednesday in a northern town, where hospital officials said at least 10 people were killed.
Magic forward Grant Hill is enjoying his health and his comeback year, pouring in 32 points in Orlando's 107-92 victory over the Utah Jazz on Wednesday.
Seattle grunts out an ugly 79-68 triumph over the punchless New Jersey Nets, moving the SuperSonics to the top of the Western Conference.
Some people may be wondering just how well Kmart and Sears will compete against Wal-Mart as parts of the same company.
The William J. Clinton Presidential Center, in Little Rock, Ark., sprawls across eight years of big ambitions and small details.
Officials at Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports said they are considering the replacement of federal airport screeners at security checkpoints with workers employed by private contractors.
Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America.
AP - Carmelo Anthony scored 30 points and Kenyon Martin added 24 points and 16 rebounds, helping the Denver Nuggets hold off the Toronto Raptors 112-106 Wednesday night.
US and Iraqi forces recaptured police stations in the northern Iraqi town of Mosul yesterday as violence sweeping across the Sunni tribal areas claimed 20 more Iraqi lives.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell says Iran may be seeking to adapt its missiles to carry nuclear warheads.
The rand remained below the psychological 6.00 per dollar level in late afternoon trade on Wednesday, having broken this at around noon on the back of a stronger euro.
TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Shares of Japan #39;s Isuzu Motors Ltd. rose Thursday after a published report that trading house Mitsubishi Corp.
America Online Inc. is releasing a new version of its software today that focuses on increasing online safety and security, which the company hopes will help it hold on to more subscribers.
The Instinet Group, owner of one of the largest electronic stock trading systems, is for sale, executives briefed on the plan say.
Beijing is making a big push to market itself, similar to the way the U.S. promoted its culture and values during the cold war.
AP - Online search engine leader Google Inc. is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web.
AP - Roger Clemens' son signed a national letter of intent Wednesday to play baseball for the University of Texas.
AP - America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats.
Head teachers in England could gain powers to tackle pupils carrying weapons, under government plans.
Sears and Kmart hope that by joining together, they can overcome decades of strategic missteps that have turned the former retail innovators into also-rans.
Changes to tax code would drastically cut, if not eliminate, taxes on savings and investment.
The FDA found serious problems of bacterial contamination 16 months before Britain closed the site.
 Officials at Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports said they are considering the replacement of federal airport screeners at security checkpoints with workers employed by private contractors.
Consumers paid sharply more for fruits, vegetables and gasoline last month, the government reported yesterday, suggesting that inflation may be stirring again after being dormant for several months.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of rival retailers fell in Wednesday trading following the news of Kmart buying Sears for \$11 billion.
Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock.
One of the first things we did after moving into our old house was to rip out the ancient radiators and put in a modern heating system.
If walking upright first set early human ancestors apart from their ape cousins, it may have been their eventual ability to run long distances with a springing step over the African savanna 
Chemical giant DuPont Co. withheld information from federal officials that indicates a dozen residents near its Parkersburg, W.Va.
Projected as an underdog in the glamour-city competition to host the 2012 Summer Olympics, New York will emphasize its diverse population and unparalleled marketing potential 
A judge in Compton, Calif., refused to dismiss the case against a man charged with murdering the half-sister of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams.
European Parliament politicians vowed to support Jose Manuel Barroso #39;s new European Commission cabinet, after he reshuffled his team.
DUBLIN - Mourners lined up at a church in Ireland Wednesday as world leaders condemned the apparent killing of international aid worker Margaret Hassan.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has arrived in Indian administered Kashmir #39;s winter capital of Jammu on the second day of his trip to the area.
AP - The Israeli army mistakenly killed three Egyptian soldiers along the Gaza-Egypt border on Thursday, Israeli media reported.
palmOne is now offering a voice dialing application for the Treo 650, based on VoiceSignal #39;s voice recognition system. The application, which requires approximately 
The race for the 2012 Summer Olympics entered its final phase yesterday, as candidate cities from New York to Moscow released the formal bids they hope will land them the Games.
Wells scored 25 points and the Memphis Grizzlies won on the road for the first time this season by beating the Portland Trail Blazers, 101-to-82.
A car carrying explosives ripped into a US convoy yesterday in northern Iraq, killing at least 10 people, and US troops fought persistent pockets 
They waited for almost eight hours to finally start playing and then they rushed to finish with more sprinkles falling, but Carlos Moya wasn #39;t complaining in the end.
Games like these are why coaches don #39;t carry firearms. You play good defense, hold an offensive, blistering team under 80 points.
Because he does not overreact, Rockets coach Jeff Van Gundy has coolly and dispassionately assessed the season so far and reached a few simple conclusions.
The Israeli army Thursday mistakenly killed three Egyptian soldiers along the Gaza-Egypt border, Israeli media reported. Israeli radios, newspapers and TV stations reported that soldiers in 
Pakistani security forces have arrested an Islamic militant suspected of involvement in a 2002 bomb attack on the US consulate in Karachi in which 12 Pakistanis were killed, officials said Thursday.
AFP - South Korea's top economic official says the government would not sit idle in case of a speculative attack on the country's currency.
Cleveland Browns offensive guard Paul Zukauskas was arrested and charged with drunken driving after an early-morning traffic stop.
Google Scholar is intended as a first stop for researchers looking for scholarly literature like peer-reviewed papers, books, abstracts and technical reports.
Having narrowly missed consecutive NCAA Division 3 national titles, Williams will face a new challenge this season.
The champion of the America East Conference this season likely will come from the ranks of last year's big three -- Boston University, Northeastern, and tournament winner Vermont.
Canton field hockey coach Christine O'Connor didn't think one goal would be enough to beat Watertown last night. She's overjoyed that her defense proved her wrong.
MOSUL, Iraq -- Real power on Iraq's streets often lies in the hands of men like Sadi Ahmed Pire.
A Harvard University researcher found that community hospitals did just as good a job treating most common illnesses as academic medical centers, but provided that care far more cheaply.
The 16 churches the Archdiocese of Boston put up for sale this week are worth about \$28 million, according to local tax assessors.
Consumer prices in October posted their biggest increase in five months, pinching pocketbooks at the gas pump and at the grocery store.
Here's one for nostalgia buffs: the Franco-American brand -- best known for SpaghettiOs -- is no more.
As of yesterday, at least 1,206 members of the US military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003. Below is a list of those killed recently.
The founders of the Pilgrim Baxter  amp; Associates money-management firm agreed yesterday to personally fork over \$160 million to settle charges they allowed a friend to 
Most adopt wait-and-see attitude as they await more details of historic retailing deal. By Francis X. Donnelly / The Detroit News.
Yahoo has started checking incoming e-mail using DomainKeys, its content-signing e-mail authentication technology, the company said Monday.
China #39;s elimination from the 2006 World Cup qualifiers has prompted calls for reform of the country #39;s scandal-tainted football bureaucracy.
Larry Brown was in the building, he brought a suit, and a special high-backed chair was set up at the end of the Pistons #39; bench.
Dion Harris is playing with more confidence, and it showed big-time Wednesday night. Harris, a sophomore guard from Detroit Redford and a former Mr.
The low number of minorities coaching in college football reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study.
Tony Blair is holding talks with French president Jacques Chirac who is visiting London as part of centenary celebrations of the Entente Cordiale.
The UN Security Council is making a rare appearance outside its New York home, gathering in Kenya to talk about Sudan, Africa #39;s biggest and most troubled country.
The Celtics found themselves in an overtime duel here last night. Unfortunately for the Green, they played the extra inning like the Yankees.
Incoming European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso is to present to the European Parliament his new team of commissioners on Thursday.
Thailand #39;s Queen Sirikit has made a rare public appeal for all Thais to help end 10 months of violence in the south that has killed hundreds of people.
AP - The United States has intelligence indicating Iran is trying to fit missiles to carry nuclear weapons, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said.
ZIMBABWE #39;S ruling party today elected long-time cabinet minister Joyce Mujuru as the country #39;s first woman vice-president.
Lawyers for the tobacco industry and the government debated yesterday whether a law drafted to prosecute mobsters can be used to obtain \$280 billion from cigarette makers.
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport will continue to use federal screeners, the Port of Seattle confirmed this week as airports nationwide ponder whether private contractors could do a better job.
SAN JOSE, Calif.Sun executives took attendees for a trip down memory lane Monday as they unveiled the company #39;s upcoming Solaris 10 operating system.
Many Kmart and Sears employees in metropolitan Indianapolis strolled into their jobs Wednesday morning unaware that their companies #39; planned to tie the knot in an \$11 billion merger.
The king of Thailand appeals for the military and police to work together to restore peace in Thailand's south.
The US dollar fell to another new low against the euro Friday, pushing the European currency higher than \$1.34 after US employment data came in weaker than expected.
AP - Annika Sorenstam competed against the men last year at Colonial. Now she is being compared with them.
Visitors to the British Library can now take advantage of broadband wireless internet access.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom says BT must provide rivals with "real equality of access" to its phone lines network, or else face action.
Virgin Mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half-year as turnover grew by 18, but profits were down due to rising costs.
PARIS Vivendi Universal said Wednesday that its third-quarter profit surged, helped by tax savings and profit at its mobile phone division.
WASHINGTON: Online auction giant eBay Inc is toughening its offensive material policy by eliminating offensive words used as search criteria or in descriptions of items for sale.
AP - When the Pittsburgh Steelers vote for the team's most valuable player this year, a lot of ballots might be split five ways.
Tiger Woods overcame soggy conditions to fire a 5-under 65 for a three-stroke lead Thursday after the first round of the Dunlop Phoenix.
Marwan Barghouti, the popular militant leader imprisoned by Israel for his role in the Palestinian uprising, is relaying messages to new PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas that could 
Consumer prices, stoked by more expensive gasoline and pricier fruits and vegetables, heated up in October, rising by 0.6 percent, the biggest gain in five months.
Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.
Google Inc. plans to announce on Thursday that it is adding a new search service aimed at scientists and academic researchers. Google Scholar, which was scheduled to 
Britain will seek action at top government level after England #39;s black soccer players were racially abused by the crowd during Wednesday #39;s friendly international against Spain in Madrid.
Mathew Sinclair and Jacob Oram completed half-centuries to help New Zealand recover from an early batting collapse and reach 250 for seven at the end of the opening 
Three Egyptian soldiers were mistakenly killed by IDF tank fire on the Egyptian Israeli border near Rafah close to midnight Wednesday when soldiers mistook the three for terrorists.
As a sign of their continuing co-operation, the leaders of Britain and France are scheduled to hold a meeting in London on 18 November.
Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said.
AFP - The euro hit a new record high of 1.3063 dollars, beating its previous record of 1.3047 set a day earlier.
Senior Mike McLaughlin returned from a three-week layoff to lead Woburn past Watertown, 35-12, in a Middlesex League football game yesterday.
In a game filled with numerous opportunities, it was easy to understand the delay in celebrating when the winning goal was finally scored.
Some stores could close, but popular merchandise could be more widely available in Arizona after Wednesday #39;s announcement of Kmart Holding Corp.
MAKERS OF PC bits and bobs Seagate Technology today announced that it has shipped what it reckons is the world #39;s largest PC hard drive.
Adobe Systems Inc. released a new version this week of the popular Acrobat desktop publishing system, with features for both authors and recipients of electronic documents.
The fat  quot;Bid Books quot; for the 2012 Summer Olympics are in the money-grubbing hands of the International Olympic Committee.
NC State playing at home, rolling over a hapless opponent powerless to stop the onslaught. But Wednesday night, Towe watched things from the other end.
Chauncey Billups scored 15 of his 21 points in the third quarter and the Detroit Pistons rallied past the Minnesota Timberwolves, 93-85, last night.
NEW ORLEANS - Amar Stoudemire did not want to be a starting center. Shawn Marion was not excited about taking on power forwards.
An Israeli tank has opened fire and killed three Egyptian police along the Gaza-Egypt border after mistaking them for Palestinian militants planting explosives against Israeli forces, military officials say.
The European Parliament is to vote on whether to approve the new executive commission team on Thursday. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged parliament to back his revised choice.
Virgin Mobile added 647,000 new users in the last half-year with turnover up by 18, the firm says, but profits fell due to rising costs.
America Online blocked popup ads and intensified its fight against junk e-mail last year. Starting today, the largest online service is carrying its campaign against online plagues even further.
LOS ANGELESNew Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson urged UC to compete for continuing its management of the national Los Alamos weapons laboratorybut to partner up with an industrial company 
That steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football quot; continued to draw reaction Wednesday, most of it negative.
Abdel Sattar Qassem, a Nablus academic and political outsider, on Wednesday announced his decision to run in the upcoming election for the chairmanship of the Palestinian Authority.
TechWeb - CEO Carly Fiorina says Enterprise Servers and Storage unit has returned to profitability.
AP - The Sierra Club alleges in a lawsuit that the Bush administration changed a rule so oil and gas producers could more easily drill under national parks from outside their boundaries.
The man behind the country #39;s biggest retail merger is best known for being secretive - and successful. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.
Masatsugu Asakawa has one of the busiest jobs in Tokyo these days: monitoring the US dollar #39;s fluctuation against the Japanese yen.
European equities retreated on Thursday, with technology stocks under pressure after disappointing news from Applied Materials, while the euro #39;s rise to new record highs against the dollar also weighed.
The Salvation Army has set an ambitious fund-raising goal for the holiday season. The organization hopes to raise \$300,000 in its annual kettle drive.
The Motion Picture Association of America filed an undisclosed number of lawsuits Tuesday throughout the country against individuals it believes illegally downloaded 
To the Nike nation, the joggers in dogged pursuit of fitness or the finish line, the news will come as no surprise: The human body was built to run.
Sun Microsystems plans to announce a free version of its Solaris operating system Monday, taking a page that Red Hat tore from its playbook in 2003.
An NHL lockout nine weeks old won #39;t end any time soon unless owners show some willingness to negotiate, agents said after a meeting with the players #39; union.
Dion Harris scored a career-high 24 points and had four assists and five steals Wednesday to lead Michigan to a 69-60 victory over Colorado in the second round of the preseason NIT.
Israel Radio reported Thursday that Elliot Abrams, director of the Middle East department of the National Security Council, was the leading candidate to succeed Daniel Kurtzer as US Ambassador to Israel.
THERE is such a thing as  quot;Gulf War syndrome quot; and the Ministry of Defence should face up to the fact, an independent inquiry concluded yesterday.
Friends, family and fans gather at a church in Harlem, New York, for the funeral of rapper ODB.
AFP - Just two years ago the Royal Mail was losing over one million pounds (1.4 million euros, 1.9 million dollars) every day.
Top government ministers from 21 Pacific Rim nations convened high-level talks on free trade and global security Wednesday as police battled university students protesting the summit and a weekend visit by President Bush.
Popular British scientific magazine New Scientist has given Microsofts new MSN search engine, still in very early beta, good grades.
British Columbia businessman Francesco Aquilini bought half of the Vancouver Canucks and General Motors Place arena from John McCaw of Seattle.
MP3 player firm commits \$100m to out-spend rivals' ad campaigns
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson traveled to California yesterday to urge the University of California regents to compete to continue managing the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
After cobbling together a string of copyright bills in the hopes of gaining enough support for final passage, lawmakers are ripping the package asunder in 
University of California regents yesterday resoundingly rejected a proposal that sought to add a  quot;multiracial quot; category to UC #39;s admissions application.
Digital music player maker Creative has pledged to spend \$100m to out-market Apple in a bid to take the market away from the iPod.
Arie Haan will be sacked as China national coach following the nation #39;s early exit from the 2006 Asian World Cup qualifiers according to Chinese officials.
OAKLAND, Calif. - This can be said with absolute certainty: The Golden State Warriors were excited to see the Bulls show up at The Arena in Oakland.
JAMMU: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday announced lifting of the ban on recruitment in central government service in Jammu and Kashmir.
Lawsuit doom over 228 'stolen' patents predicted
\Two men suspected of planting bombs in the southern Philippines city of Davao last year are arrested.
An ex-police officer goes on trial in Germany charged with threatening a suspect with torture.
The thousands of runners who step up to the starting lines of marathons each year may be following in the footsteps of our earliest human ancestors.
Cubs general manager Jim Hendry wasn #39;t down for long Wednesday after learning free-agent closer Troy Percival had signed with the Tigers.
Paceman Michael Kasprowicz justified Australia #39;s decision to retain him in the team ahead of Brett Lee by taking 3-54 against New Zealand in Brisbane.
The low number of minorities coaching in college football reflects a lack of diversity among college and conference leaders, according to a University of Central Florida study released Wednesday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced plans to build new nuclear weapons, which he said other nuclear powers did not yet have and were unlikely to develop.
Several South African mercenaries have agreed to testify against the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, Sir Mark Thatcher.
washingtonpost.com - Congress yesterday cleared the way to keep access to the Internet largely free from taxes for the next three years, breaking a year-long deadlock.
The University of California Board of Regents opted against Regent Ward Connerly #39;s proposal to adopt a multi-racial check box option on admissions applications at its Wednesday meeting at UCLA.
The United Nations again appealed for the safe return of three of its workers held hostage in Afghanistan on Thursday, three weeks after they were snatched from their car on a busy street in central Kabul.
WASHINGTON - Consumer prices in October posted their biggest increase in five months, pinching people #39;s pocketbooks at the gasoline pump and at the grocery store.
Only a demonstration which is violently dispersed and therefore provokes the abandonment of this tour, or rain, can prevent England wrapping up the one-day series 4-0 today.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
The Royal Mail today said it was on course for recovery, revealing it was making 1m a day after having lost 1m a day two years ago.
There #39;s a new storm in the ranks of anthropologists who try to understand the long and puzzling history of human evolution by studying fossil evidence from millions of years ago.
Hard drive manufacturer Seagate Technology is now shipping what it claims is the world #39;s largest capacity hard drive holding a whopping 400Gb.
If University of California regents listen to a former energy secretary and top Democratic politician, they will fight hard to keep running the birthplace of the bomb -- and leave to others 
Microsoft has warned Asian governments they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software.
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems is acquiring a California-based network management appliance developer for approximately \$16 million in cash.
The number of overseas executives moving to the UK has more than doubled over the past 10 years, a survey says.
The issue of compulsory annuities will be reviewed, the government pledges, after another defeat in the Lords over the rule.
Pakistani police question the alleged mastermind of a deadly bomb attack on the US consulate in Karachi in 2002.
AP - Israel released the top Hamas leader in the West Bank from prison on Thursday after he finished a 28-month sentence for being a member of an outlawed organization.
Afghanistan could become a "narco-state" after opium cultivation rose by two-thirds this year, the UN warns.
Microsoft tells Asian leaders that they could face intellectual property rights claims if they use free Linux software, a report says.
Britain #39;s telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks.
Will Martha Stewart appear in Sears? Will Craftsman tools show up at Kmart? And will Sears move out of the malls and into the home of the flashing blue light?
US Cellular vows to create hundreds of jobs when it opens a new Bolingbrook call center next year in a facility vacated by a competitor.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that they are working on a new generation of atomic bomb, which no other country has or can get.
The alleged mastermind of a deadly bomb attack outside the US consulate in Karachi two years ago has been arrested near the Pakistani city of Lahore.
Lycos Europe, founders of the  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; initiative, has pulled their bandwidth-targeting screensaver from the site.
The sports minister Richard Caborn joined Sven-Goran Eriksson and the Football Association in condemning the racist chanting that marred the friendly between Spain and England last night.
washingtonpost.com - William Jackson never thought he would be grateful for going bankrupt.
AFP - British retail sales fell in October for the first time for three months, official figures showed, raising worries about a subdued start to the crucial Christmas trading period.
Reuters - Limited Brands Inc.   on\Thursday posted lower third-quarter earnings, and left its\outlook for the fourth quarter and full year unchanged.
Reuters - Space agency NASA, which first put man\on the moon, will now help to map the Earth in the name of\conservation, the agency announced on Thursday.
EVERY postal worker in the country is in line for a windfall of at least 800 after the Royal Mail announced today it was making profits of 1 million a day.
A fourth of all Californians are thinking about moving - either out of state or just to another town - to bring down their housing costs, a new survey shows.
Israel freed Hamas #39;s top West Bank leader Thursday after two years in jail and he swiftly called on the Jewish state to release all Palestinian inmates as a condition for any truce.
Prince Charles is  quot;old-fashioned quot; and out of touch with Britain #39;s education system, a cabinet minister said Thursday.
US researchers say humans began endurance running about 2 million years ago to help hunt for prey.
The fate of two local retail stores may not be known for months in the wake of the announcement Wednesday of the \$11 billion merger of Kmart and Sears.
Royal Mail says it returned to profit at the underlying level during its first half and that it beat 7 of its 15 performance targets in the latest quarter.
HOUSTON Top-seeded Roger Federer beat Lleyton Hewitt in straight sets in a rain-soaked second round of the ATP Masters Cup tennis championships in Houston.
Mike Montgomery didn #39;t know what city he was in or what day it was by the time the Warriors #39; five-game road trip ended in Cleveland.
AP - A tsunami warning system could be built in the Indian Ocean in just a year and cost as little as  #36;20 million, a scientist said Tuesday.
Israeli troops killed three Egyptian policemen mistaken for Palestinian militants along the Gaza-Egypt border early Thursday, in what the army called a "professional and operational" mishap.
Soon you will be able to hunt and shoot wild pigs and sheep via the net.
Oil prices held steady on Thursday as concern over lean heating fuel supplies in the United States and Europe ahead of winter stemmed falls of nearly \$10 since late October.
Spanish glass manufacturer Vidrala SA said Thursday it will pay euro138.2 million (\$189 million) for two European production plants of Owens-Illinois Inc.
Figures showing a drop in retail sales spark fears that the recent consumer spending rebound could be coming to an end.
A 7200rpm unit that's as fast as a 10,000rpm job, apparently
LONDON -- Ofcom today published its proposals to support the growth of greater competition, innovation and investment certainty in the UK telecommunications sector.
With spam amounting to about 80 of total email traffic, you think that Bill Gates would have thought up some fantastic way of filtering it.
Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) got the jump on the next generation of Java with an early release of its next Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE).
Reuters - Shares of Altria Group Inc. \rose 1.5 percent before the bell on Thursday.
Egypt condemns the "irresponsible" shooting of three police officers by an Israeli tank on the Gaza border.
Plans to provide umbrella from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the OS--a move to counter Linux.\
Joe Straitiff, recently fired from the game company after struggling with overtime issues, now spends more time with his daughter.
AP - Google Inc. Thursday warned that the growth it has showed so far this year may not be sustainable.
Kmart is acquiring Sears, Roebuck  amp; Company for \$11 billion with the combined estimated earnings of the two making it the third-largest retailer in the United States.
The AP article: Google Says Growth Is Slowing Down, that the search leader says that the growth that the company has seen so far this year, might not be sustainable.
Global chip manufacturing major Intel today said it was evaluating India as one of the possible destinations for manufacturing chips.
More than 50 percent of California residents said in a survey being released today that they are very concerned that fast-rising home prices will lock out younger generations from the housing market.
Managers of Dulles International and Baltimore-Washington International airports reportedly are considering using private contracted screeners.
Overture, the paid-for search broker, has retained MSN, its second biggest client after its parent company, Yahoo!, for another year.
Tiger Woods was three shots clear and five under par today after the first round of the Japan Golf Tour #39;s Dunlop Phoenix Tournament.
WORLD Cup champion Brazil lost its unbeaten record in South American World Cup qualifying yesterday, while Argentina held off Venezuela 3-2 to take over first place in the 10-team group.
But instead of replacing Marion Jones as Olympic 100 metres gold medallist, Thanou did not even take part in the Athens Games after missing two pre-Games drugs tests.
England young guns Paul Casey and Luke Donald made a storming start to the World Cup on Thursday with four birdies in the first five holes.
So much for the intense match between long-time rivals that was supposed to go down last night at the 2004 PACE Canadian Squash Classic.
Russia has formally ratified the Kyoto Protocol on global warming following its signing into law byRussian President Vladimir Putin earlier this month.
In North Korea, portraits of Kim Jong Il have been taken down in what may signal significant and possibly far-reaching changes in the Stalinist leader #39;s personality cult.
A senior member of the Palestinian resistance group Hamas has been released from an Israeli prison after completing a two-year sentence.
AP - Fashion retailer Limited Brands Inc.'s third-quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one-time gains, the company reported Thursday.
AP - Britain's telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks.
AFP - Two weeks after the US general election, the northwestern state of Washington was still without a governor as the painstaking process of counting votes dragged on.
Congress is looking into whether the Food and Drug Administration ignored safety concerns about the drug raised by its own reviewers and outside scientists.
 TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran denied an exiled opposition group's  allegations it was secretly seeking material to build an atomic  bomb, a senior official said on Thursday.
As online shopping gets into full swing, phishers are setting up fraudulent e-commerce Web sites and simply waiting for victims using Google and other search engines to find them.
Sun Microsystems launched the much-anticipated new version of its Solaris operating system this week, and announced an overhauled pricing model designed to compete with Linux.
A senior leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) in the West Bank was released after two years of detention in an Israeli jail, Palestinian witnesses said Thursday.
Swarms of locusts blown off the Mediterranean towards the Egyptian capital, Cairo, are not expected to cause major damage to crops.
AFP - Portugal plans to follow the example of other European nations and introduce legislation by the end of the month to ban smoking in most public places, including bars, restaurants and workplaces.
Colombia's President Alvaro Uribe tells the BBC his tough stance on the internal conflict is crucial and effective.
England's Jermaine Jenas demands action after racist abuse by Spain fans.
The Israeli military wants to exhume the body of a 13-year-old girl shot dead in Gaza by soldiers last month.
OK, maybe the merger of Kmart and Sears doesn #39;t exactly put them in the realm of Wally World, but the \$11 billion deal is nonetheless impressive.
Pasadena-based Overture Services, the subsidiary of Yahoo Inc. which provides keyword-based search advertising, announced that it has extended its sponsored search distribution relationship with Microsoft.
Reuters - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto\Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for\the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
 NAIROBI (Reuters) - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto  Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for  the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
US intelligence chief Porter Goss tells CIA employees not to support opposition to the Bush administration.
The French government says it will release the medical files of late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to his next of kin.
Jerome Schneider, the nation's best-known seller of phony offshore banks, said that he helped hundreds of rich Americans evade taxes.
An opposition group said Iran bought blueprints for a nuclear bomb and obtained weapons-grade uranium on the black market.
In a re-run of a media escapade from the Vietnam War, a US soldier was caught on film shooting an injured, unarmed prisoner.
WASHINGTON - Hugely popular internet search engine Google Inc. cautioned Thursday its current pace of revenue growth is expected to slow.
SPORTS Minister Richard Caborn this morning praised the discipline of the England players in the face of the racist chanting which marred last nights 1-0 defeat in Spain.
London 2012 leaders today called on their Madrid rivals to condemn the racist abuse suffered by black England players in the Spanish capital.
The United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Kofi Annan called for the civil war in the south of Sudan to be halted as soon as possible.
The European Parliament approved the reshuffled 24-member European Union executive on Thursday, ending a political showdown with incoming EU chief Jose Manuel Barroso over objections to his team.
THE sheer bastardry displayed by militants who kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan and who are now widely believed to have killed her has stunned the world.
EDS: 'badly designed, badly developed, badly tested, badly implemented'
Postal workers are on course for an 800 bonus after the Royal Mail today reported a huge improvement in its finances and more reliable deliveries.
The British government led the condemnation Thursday of the racist abuse directed by Spanish fans at England #39;s black soccer players.
Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou, center, arrives in court to appear before a public prosecutor in Athens, on Tuesday, Sept. 7, 2004.
 NAIROBI (Reuters) - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto  Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for  the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
Two retail giants announced a merger on Wednesday that could mean job loss in Terre Haute and nationally. Kmart Holding Corp. and Sears, Roebuck and Co.
A barometer of future US economic activity fell for a fifth month in October, the longest decline since 1995, signaling that the world #39;s largest economy may slow in coming months.
Williams-Sonoma Inc., operator of home furnishing chains including Pottery Barn, said third-quarter earnings rose 19 percent, boosted by store openings and catalog sales.
Amid questions about whether the arthritis drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested Friday that an independent 
A REPORT said Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has warned Asian governments contemplating using Linux that they risk being sued for using the operating system.
Four Linux vendors have joined together to develop technology that would potentially make it easier for software makers to build products for multiple distributions of the open-source operating system.
Senior IBM executives have signalled that a few key government departments moving to Linux on the desktop will have a domino-like effect on the rest of the public sector.
MOSCOW -- The Soviet Union #39;s most successful ice hockey player, Alexander Ragulin, has died at 63, his former club CSKA Moscow said Thursday.
Amid questions about whether the drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, Senator Charles Grassley called for more safety precautions.
Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  and SBC\Communications Inc.  have expanded an alliance to link\Internet, video, wireless and home networking services, the\companies said on Thursday.
Reuters - Russia formally ratified the Kyoto\Protocol on global warming on Thursday, clearing the way for\the environment pact to come into force in February 2005.
AP - Swedish Space Corp. workers on Thursday carried out final preparations on a rocket carrying weightlessness experiments that is due to be launched next week.
Whoopi Goldberg's intermittently funny but sluggish evening of comic portraiture is a show in desperate need of a stringent theatrical intelligence.
European aerospace firm EADS quashes speculation it was poised to take over the French defence electronics firm Thales.
AP - The NFL will not fine Washington Redskins safety Sean Taylor after looking into allegations that a Cincinnati player was spit on during Sunday's game.
UK to gain two more Apple retail stores in early 2005, company officials confirmed on Thursday afternoon. Two days before officially opening the doors to its new retail store on Regent Street in London, Apple 
In a joint statement, Microsoft and Dassault said using the Microsoft platform will cut ownership and integration costs of using the Dassault software, widening the potential customer base.
MOSCOW, November 17 (Itar-Tass) -- The Russian transport ship Progress failed to raise the International Space Station to the designated orbit on Wednesday.
There #39;s a balance to making a sequel to a successful video or computer game. The developer, at the very least, is expected to match the quality of the first game.
Internet auction house eBay has announced that they will be taking preventative action against users searching for racially sensitive items.
BRITISH Sports Minister Richard Caborn has hit out at the racist abuse suffered by black England players during their friendly match.
Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac today promised to work together on restoring stability in the Middle East while drawing a line under their past differences over the war in Iraq.
Amid questions about whether the arthritis drug Vioxx was taken off the market soon enough, a key senator suggested Friday that an independent board of drug safety might 
The Royal Mail #39;s proud boast that it is making 1m a day profit will come as little consolation to those who feel the service is still poor.
Microsoft Chief Operating Officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday warned Asian governments that they could face intellectual rights-infringement lawsuits for using rival open-source operating platforms such as Linux.
Yahoo #39;s Overture Services division has extended its deal to provide ad placement technology to Microsoft Web portal MSN.com, the companies said Thursday.
Germany coach Jrgen Klinsmann revealed that he has been working on the confidence of his strikers after Wednesday #39;s 3-0 success over Cameroon in Leipzig.
THE KIDNAPPING and murder of foreigners in Iraq is continuing. Many of those kidnapped have been engineers or other support workers for the coalition forces.
Egypt strongly condemned the killing of three of its policemen by Israeli tank fire Thursday, demanding an immediate investigation.
Burst.com, a streaming-media firm suing Microsoft for patent infringement, alleges that Redmond axed e-mails crucial to the case.
PeopleSoft's CEO fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. Both companies scramble ahead of Friday deadline.
AP - Alabama has the nation's top pass defense and ranks second overall. No team in major college football allows fewer points than No. 2 Auburn.
Gold, benefiting from a weak dollar, peaked at \$444.60 an ounce in Europe on Wednesday, and traders said the metal could rise higher still.
Google has warned that the rapid revenue growth it experienced in the third quarter may not continue in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Online DVD rental company Netflix Inc. raised its subscriber and revenue forecasts for the fourth quarter, saying a price cut had helped draw new customers.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian\governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for\using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows\software.
If Lane Bryant continues to perform, the retailer's shares should continue their rise.
Custom CRM software developer Salesforce.com is still growing at warp speed, although it may take a natural dip in 2005.
Multimedia Games might appear cheap, but most investors should stick to the bigger slot makers.
Russian authorities pile the pressure on oil firm Yukos, arresting an official at its Moscow office and issuing an arrest warrant for the firm's leading lawyer.
Giancarlo Fisichella will test the Renault R24 for the first time next Wednesday, and hes raring to go!
Microsoft has signed a pact to work with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) to increase computer use, Internet access and teacher training in developing countries.
The future of controversial European Union legislation that would allow for some software patents was in doubt Thursday after the Polish government switched sides, saying 
EBay has given notice that from now on, racially offensive terms may be used only if they are part of a book, movie or other product title.
World soccer #39;s governing body will investigate the racial taunting of England #39;s black players by Spanish soccer fans during two international matches this week.
David Beckham has joined forces with Sven-Goran Eriksson to warn Wayne Rooney that he must learn to channel his fiery aggression in the right manner.
Three Palestinians were killed Thursday in the collapse of a tunnel they were digging on the border between Rafah in southern Gaza and Egypt.
Specialty department store retailer Stage Stores Inc. on Thursday said its third-quarter results met Wall Street expectations, even though its profit dropped against a year-ago gain.
US blue chips rose on Thursday, led by tobacco stocks, while technology share were under pressure by a warning from Applied Materials Inc.
Burma's military leaders release nearly 4,000 prisoners ruled to have been jailed using "irregular" means.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian  governments on Thursday they could face patent lawsuits for  using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows  software.
AP - A former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executive pleaded guilty to taking a kickback from a supplier to the world's largest retailer.
AP - Japanese and Chinese officials were trying to arrange a meeting between the leaders of their two countries on the sidelines of a weekend summit to try to calm rising tensions, authorities said.
The California Public Employees #39; Retirement System, the largest US pension fund, tendered its PeopleSoft Inc. shares to Oracle Corp.
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is urging the University of California to stay in the competition to run three of the nation #39;s scientific laboratories.
Any day now -- probably following his team #39;s regular-season finale Saturday against Clemson -- South Carolina coach Lou Holtz is expected to announce his retirement.
South African unions describe as "disgraceful" the use of public money to buy telecoms shares for former government officials.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Output growth at U.S. Mid-Atlantic  factories eased in November but still suggested the  manufacturing sector was operating at a healthy clip.
Google does not expect to maintain the same pace of revenue growth it has recorded over the last several quarters, the company acknowledged Thursday in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.
Russia #39;s ambassador to the United Nations Thursday formally presented Moscow #39;s ratification of the Kyoto global warming treaty to Secretary-General Kofi Annan.
The number of Americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits dipped last week, offering a hopeful sign for recovery in the labour market.
By Staff and wire reports . In a move to stave off competitors, SBC Communications Inc. will offer residential Voice over Internet service in early 2005.
Insurance broker Universal Life Resources (ULR) has agreed to cooperate with California authorities in their investigation of alleged insurance industry misdeeds, an attorney for the state said on Thursday.
Microsoft Corp. is denying that its CEO Steve Ballmer told Asian government leaders on Thursday that Microsoft believes that Linux violates more than 200 software patents.
At gaming stores, lines went through doors as people arrived at midnight to get the first copies. Halo 2 was definitely worth the wait.
Manchester, England (Sports Network) - Manchester United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy picked up a hip injury while playing for Holland in a World Cup qualifier Wednesday.
Japanese and Chinese officials were trying to arrange a meeting between the leaders of their two countries on the sidelines of a weekend summit to try to calm rising tensions, authorities said.
A new study shows airline and hotel websites may sell better than online travel agencies. Who knew?
The remains of a primate that could be the ancestor of humans and all the great apes is discovered.
A study in Central Africa suggests that logging and tropical rain forests can coexist. Some environmental groups disagree.
The Leonid meteor shower will peak tonight. Sky-watchers say long, glowing meteor trails will highlight the heavenly show.
NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - Google said its revenue growth rate from the second to the third quarter of 2004 may not be sustainable into the fourth quarter of this year.
Laszlo Systems CTO David Temkin is taking an open-source gamble to woo Web developers from Macromedia and Microsoft.
AP - The total cost of the Athens Olympics may exceed  #36;14.6 billion, according to Greece's 2005 budget submitted to parliament Thursday.
Microsoft today extended its 3-year-old agreement with Yahoo! to provide Overture paid listings on MSN sites in the US and Canada, Europe and Asia through June 2006.
PeopleSoft's CEO fires back at rival, saying it's wrong about his stock transactions. Both companies scramble ahead of Friday deadline.
US troops were seen out on patrol in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul today, following several days of clashes between insurgents and US-led forces.
Australia #39;s prime minister said it #39;s likely that a body found in the Iraqi city of Fallujah is that of aid worker Margaret Hassan.
AFP - The French-British defence electronics group Thales and the European aerospace group EADS do not have a plan to merge, EADS co-chairman Philippe Camus said.
The success of the cybersecurity czar is more about the exercise of leadership than anything else, CompTIA policy chief Roger Cochetti says.
Without clear strategic synergies, the recently announced merger between Sears and Kmart is likely to destroy shareholder value.
The revamped software for AOL's proprietary online service tackles spam and other Internet security issues.
Banks aren't moving fast enough on requiring online customers to provide two forms of ID, the company says.
Google Shares Slip As Co. Warns That Its 4Q Revenue Growth Rate Is Likely to Slow. The Google Inc. company headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.
The risk of intestinal damage from common painkillers may be higher than thought, research suggests.
BARCELONA - A fossilized ape that was adept at climbing trees and stood upright was the last probable ancestor to great apes, including humans, researchers said Thursday.
Microsoft, Yahoo and AskJeeves have adopted the  quot;link analysis quot; algorithmic approach that gave Google a vast lead among search engines.
Google late Wednesday rolled out a beta search tool designed for academics and other researchers digging through peer-reviewed papers, abstracts, and theses.
Astronomers say the show should be a good one. They note, however, that predicting meteor shower intensity is not always an exact science.
Red Bull Racing owner Dieter Mateschitz has not made his final choice for his team #39;s drivers line-up but he is not hiding his actual preferences.
I should #39;ve known this latest Terrell Owens story wouldn #39;t have vanished quickly. It involves sex, money, sports and, most critically, race.
The No. 7-seeded Terrapin volleyball team begins its ACC championship defense tonight in Charlottesville, Va., against No. 10-seed Wake Forest.
Late-stage drugs are crucial for a company beset with patent losses.
 quot;Although our revenue growth rate increased in the third quarter of 2004 compared to the second quarter of 2004, our revenue growth rate has generally declined, and we expect it will continue 
Russian prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant for Yukos #39; chief lawyer and arrested another executive from the oil firm on suspicion of embezzlement.
California Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi has sued MetLife, Prudential Financial Inc., Cigna Corp., and UnumProvident Corp.
The evolution of a physique for long-distance running is what made humans look the way we do now -- whether winning a marathon, nursing a strained Achilles #39; tendon 
A partially eaten piece of a grilled cheese sandwich has become the most talked about item on eBay over the past week, bringing in bids of almost \$19,000.
Johnny Weir and Brian Joubert already have victories in the Grand Prix series. The American champion and European gold medalist meet this week at the Trophee Bompard.
The birth simulator has now been used to determine the best way to deliver a baby whose shoulders become stuck in the birth canal.
The career of Richard Ellis advances the maxim that scientific knowledge is often moved forward by the work of committed amateurs.
Palestinian militant groups Thursday expressed support for disarming independent militias operating in the Palestinian territories.
By honoring President Yasser Arafat, France has honored every Palestinian man, woman and child. For this we will be forever grateful.
A top Marine officer also denied reports that one of them was the headquarters of the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
The fossil of an ancient species of ape, discovered at a construction site in western Spain, has revealed that great apes went through more evolutionary stages than previously thought.
Speculation surrounding the reported removal of portraits of Dear Leader Kim Jong-il from some public buildings and homes in North Korea continued to swirl Thursday but 
Japan's 'living jewel' koi carp are airlifted to safety after the Niigata earthquake devastated stocks of the ornamental fish.
Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.
Long seen as a threatening land ruled by a madman, Libya has become a must-see destination ever since it opened its doors to Western tourists 10 months ago.
photos The NowHouse project in San Francisco brings together the latest in design, construction and digital wares.\
Consumers get psyched for the release of Nintendo and Sony gaming devices.
The country dining chain is weathering cost increases better than its rivals.
A TNO engineer prepares to start capturing images for the world's biggest digital photo.
Stern has a date with Letterman tonight, and you can expect fireworks.
The Barracuda 7200.8 series packs more data on the hard-drive platters.
Dutch engineers stitch together hundreds of images to create a photo with 2.5 billion pixels.&lt;br /&gt; Photo: Giant digital image
In court documents made public this week, Burst.com accused Microsoft managers of telling employees in 2000 to destroy evidence contained in old e-mails.
Ross Stores has taken a hit to its bottom line because of ongoing problems surrounding the implementation of a merchandising system.
Several key executives in that group were fired during the quarter following a botched order-processing system migration. HP CEO Carly Fiorina said the problems with the system have been resolved.
Seagate Technology has started shipping a 400GB hard disk drive for PCs that offers performance closer to that of a 10,000-rpm drive than that of a 7,200 rpm.
IBM and officials from leading science, education and philanthropic organizations yesterday launched a global grid computing project aimed at helping solve a variety of health issues and other scientific problems.
Ukrainian MPs fail to adopt election law changes the opposition says are needed to avert fraud in a new run-off.
The wrangling between PeopleSoft and Oraclehas once again gone to the dogs.
Spansion sinking nearly a billion dollars into flash memory production.
Service provider revamps spam and spyware defenses, offers account lock to members.
Efforts to ease patch management are just part of the process, exec says.
Google has launched a new Google Scholar search service, providing the ability to search for scholarly literature located from across the web.\
Calpers, the biggest US pension fund, said on Thursday that it had tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT) to Oracle Corp.
LOS ANGELES -- The City Council unanimously passed a tax relief package aimed at keeping film companies and other businesses from leaving Los Angeles.
AP - Carolina Panthers quarterback Jake Delhomme said he's encouraged about his chances of playing against the Arizona Cardinals after throwing Thursday for the first time this week.
One legendary coach will replace another at South Carolina next season. According to published reports, former University of Florida and Washington Redskins coach Steve Spurrier will take over the as head 
US President George W. Bush and other Asia-Pacific leaders muster in Chile this weekend to spur world trade and suppress terrorism, under the growing menace of nuclear proliferation.
It's the fifth time regulators have taken action against a company for failing to protect consumer data -- and the second time the same California coder blew the whistle.
A Russian member of well-known 29A virus writers group has been fined 3,000 roubles (approximately 57) after he admitted writing malicious code.
IE is subject to a trio of unpatched vulnerabilities, security firm Secunia warned yesterday.
France's Jacques Chirac says global powers must recognise the new reality of an interdependent world.
Dr Craig Barrett, CEO, Intel Corporation, with a young learner from Kerala during the launch of the Intel Learn Programme in the Capital on Thursday.
America Online Inc. on Thursday launched a version of its proprietary online service that includes additional security features. AOL 9.0 Security Edition is the first version of the service 
US Sen. Ted Stevens says he disagrees with a new scientific study #39;s conclusion that the burning of fossil fuels is a major factor in climate change.
The Food and Drug Administration launched an effort this week to use radio frequency identification technology to track the nation #39;s drug supply from manufacturer to pharmacy to reduce counterfeiting.
US Food and Drug Administration officials defended their record on drug safety Thursday in the face of attacks from both inside and outside the agency.
US industrial production jumped the most in three months in October, housing starts surged and consumer prices rose, suggesting the Federal Reserve may keep raising its benchmark interest rate.
The Walt Disney Company reported \$516 million net income in the quarter ended September 30th, compared to \$415 million in the year-ago quarter.
Athletic shoe retailer Foot Locker Inc. on Thursday said its third-quarter profit grew on higher sales, meeting Wall Street estimates.
The economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group.
A gold-backed security named streetTRACKS Gold Shares made a much-hyped debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, aimed at attracting the investment capital 
January 2006 can #39;t come too soon for Bill Gates because that is the date by which he believes the spam problem will be solved.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer warned on Thursday that Linux may not really be free given the intellectual-property risks that could be posed by the open-source operating system.
Novell Inc. on Thursday said it swung to a fiscal fourth-quarter profit after the computer networking provider saw strong growth from its enterprise server business during the period.
A man who purported to offer rare sports cards including that of baseball legend Mickey Mantle has been charged with defrauding eBay (EBAY.
BARELY holding back the tears, Paul Casey began a damage limitation exercise in an attempt last night to win back the minds, if not the hearts, of the American public.
NEW YORK, Nov. 18. - Defending World Cup football champions Brazil suffered the most shocking result of the day, but China were the biggest losers.
Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Luis Sharpe, a former offensive lineman for the Arizona Cardinals, has been sentenced to 2 1/2 years in state prison.
Palestinian officials appealed Thursday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel #39;s unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 
The specialty retailer's uncertainty about the fourth quarter is unsettling.
The company announces a disappointing quarter and reduces full-year guidance.
Internal defibrillator maker's earnings growth rate is slowing down, but its future looks healthy.
Brookstone met analyst estimates and has raised guidance for the all-important Christmas quarter.
The market acts like Vioxx, Bextra, and Celebrex are the same drugs. They're not.
Most of the signs attached to Brady's most recent quarter say "Don't Exit."
Despite an encouraging third quarter, the market still isn't sure what to make of Goody's.
A jury in a torture trial of an alleged Afghan warlord is discharged after failing to decide a verdict.
Philip Knight is to resign as chief executive of sports footwear and clothing giant Nike although he will remain as chairman.
Phil Knight stepped down Thursday as president and chief executive officer of Nike Inc., the athletic shoe and clothing company he co-founded.
The word's fifth largest oil exporting nation, Venezuela, signs an oil deal with South American neighbour, Paraguay.
Vivendi Universal increases its stake in Morocco's national telecoms business, days before it is partially floated.
Providing psychological services for millions in Asia will become critical in the coming weeks.
Veneers, porcelain shells bonded to the front side of the teeth, may not provide smiles as pretty as expected.
A new study finds little evidence that commercial weight-loss programs help people drop excess pounds.
Undersea quakes are inevitable. The questions are where and when  and the recent catastrophe may provide clues.
California laws that went live on New Year's Day keep cell phones unlisted and rental cars unmonitored. The effects could be felt nationwide. By Ryan Singel.
Net income at Foot Locker Inc., the country #39;s largest sports-shoe chain, increased 19 percent in its fiscal third quarter as sales climbed 14 percent.
Once seen as the embodiment of evil, devices that record satellite radio are making inroads without much fight from the recording industry. By John Gartner.
GOVERNMENT ministers led the calls yesterday for strong sanctions against Spain in the wake of the racist abuse of England players on Wednesday night.
Altitude, apathy, overconfidence - Brazil groped for reasons Thursday to explain its stunning 1-0 loss to Ecuador in the World Cup qualifiers.
Ohio coach Brian Knorr was fired Thursday after leading the Bobcats to an 11-35 record in four seasons. Ohio had a 4-7 mark this season.
Folks are paying attention to the Colorado Rockies #39; youth movement. Second baseman Aaron Miles and outfielder Matt Holliday each made the 46th annual Topps Rookie All-Star 
E-mail users inundated with unsolicited spam messages have reason to hope Microsoft will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.
I must start by thanking the French government and people for honoring President Yasser Arafat who spent his last days in their hospitality.
Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been charged with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and then faking a motorcycle accident.
Brazil #39;s champions are being flown from Europe to compete at high altitude in Ecuador without acclimatization. Iraq is competing against the Palestinian team.
Liverpool have received confirmation that striker Milan Baros will be out of action for at least three weeks with a hamstring injury.
AP - Gap Inc.'s third-quarter profit improved slightly even as the clothing retailer's sales began to sag.
So you think you get a lot of spam, maybe a few hundred per day? Well think about the amount that bill gates gets at Microsoft, over 4 million a day apparently!
The recording industry #39;s lobbying group today sued three users of American University #39;s computer network, accusing them of illegally sharing digital music files online.
Most of the Top 25 is in action this week. No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 California and No. 7 Michigan all face dangerous games against bitter rivals.
(Columbia) Nov. 18, 2004 - Former South Carolina Gamecock, New York Giant and Minnesota Vikings linebacker Corey Miller says the name Lou Holtz has helped South Carolina recruit football players.
AP - Minnesota Vikings center Matt Birk is expected to start Sunday against the Detroit Lions despite pain in his abdomen.
AP - Indiana Pacers forward Jonathan Bender's chronically injured left knee has taken yet another turn for the worse.
AP - Rescuers recovered the bodies of 10 Dominican migrants and searched for eight who remain missing after their boat capsized trying to reach Puerto Rico, officials said Thursday.
AP - There won't be an NHL entry draft before a collective bargaining agreement is reached with the players' association, the director of the league's scouting department said.
AP - Under friendly fire, Sen. John Kerry likely will donate a substantial portion of his excess presidential campaign cash to help elect Democratic candidates in 2005 and 2006, advisers said Thursday.
AP - Comparing pornography to heroin, researchers on Thursday called on Congress to finance studies on "porn addiction" and launch a public health campaign about the dangers.
AP - The record use of electronic voting machines on Nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said Thursday.
Bush visits the region Friday, but President Hu Jintao has been striking business deals for two weeks.
Captured video shows what appears to be Iraqi insurgents preparing for battle and attacking US forces.
Mitsubishi Corp. and Itochu Corp. will buy stakes in truck maker Isuzu Motors Ltd., the two trading companies said Thursday. Mitsubishi Corp.
Google warned Thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an  quot;inevitable quot; slowing of its growth.
HOUSTON El Paso Corporation shareholders today ignored recommendations from two advisory firms to fire its longtime outside auditor.
Those wishing to be the first to worship at London #39;s latest temple of technology will doubtless be huddled in sleeping bags tonight outside the Apple Store in Regent Street.
The great debate over file-sharing rages on, with some, like the Electronic Frontier Foundation maintaining that copyright law doesn #39;t matter anymore.
China and 15 other countries joined NASA officials this week to consider how they might cooperate with US plans for human exploration of the moon and Mars.
BAGHDAD, 19 November 2004 - A wave of violence engulfed Iraq as a US Marine and an Iraqi soldier were killed in Fallujah yesterday.
Hamas is demanding changes to the election system employed by the Palestinian Authority (PA) in the 1996 elections to the Palestinian Legislative Council (the parliament).
AP - Democrats accused Republicans of disastrous economic policies as Congress moved Thursday toward shipping President Bush an  #36;800 billion increase in the federal borrowing limit.
The reporter was convicted of criminal contempt for refusing to disclose who leaked him an F.B.I. videotape on an investigation of government corruption in Providence.
An expert with the Food Drug Administration has accused the agency in Congress of having pressed him to withhold results of a study showing potential dangers of the anti-inflammatory drug Vioxx.
Oracle (Quote, Chart) has overhauled its security patch policy after a growing number of complaints from customers and even its own executives.
The Toronto Raptors and Portland Trail Blazers are in talks about a seven-player blockbuster deal that would grant Vince Carter his wish to get out of Toronto, ESPN reported Thursday.
False warnings about Iraq #39;s nuclear capabilities have undermined similar US claims about the dangers of Iran #39;s activities, a former chief weapons inspector has said.
PRIME Minister John Howard joined world leaders from across Asia and the Pacific today for the 12th Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders #39; meeting.
The revised team of European commissioners headed by Jose Manuel Durao Barroso was approved by the European Parliament (EP) on Thursday.
AP - New York Yankees manager Joe Torre would love to have Pedro Martinez in his rotation  #151; just as he'd love to have any great starting pitcher.
AP - Landon Donovan was voted the U.S. soccer team player of the year Thursday, becoming the first three-time winner.
Gold Fields #39; latest legal bid to prevent a hostile takeover by South African rival Harmony was thrown out by regulators yesterday in another blow to its defence strategy.
HANOI (AFP) - Vietnam has hit out at a decision by the United States to uphold anti-dumping duties on imports of Vietnamese shrimp.
SAN DIEGO California #39;s insurance commissioner says a San Diego company took kickbacks from four major insurance companies in exchange for winning contracts with major US companies.
An extinct ape that lived 13 million years ago has been identified as the leading contender for the title of last common ancestor of humans and all great apes alive today.
Microsoft #39;s Hotmail and Yahoo have promised to boost storage limits for their free e-mail services, but for many users, the upgrades haven #39;t been delivered.
Jose Manuel Barroso, the European Commission President, yesterday won the big majority from MEPs he needed for his new team of commissioners, as a three-week political crisis ended.
Paul Martin dismisses an MP from the ruling Liberal Party because of her outspoken criticism of US President George W Bush.
AP - The Philadelphia 76ers set a dubious team record Thursday night by scoring just 6 points in the first quarter against the San Antonio Spurs.
Wednesday #39;s announcement that Kmart is acquiring Sears in an \$11 billion deal spawned a lot of questions and comments at the Rolla outlets of the two companies.
The recently withdrawn painkiller Vioxx may have caused as many as 139,000 heart attacks, strokes and deaths, a government drug-safety scientist told lawmakers on Thursday.
Walt Disney Co. said Thursday that profit jumped 24 percent in the fiscal fourth quarter, driven by growth at its television networks, theme parks and consumer products businesses.
 Dealers said Smith Barney cut its rating on the stock of  Amazon.com to "sell" from "hold" on concerns over sales during  the year-end period.
Forty percent of Americans in a new survey say the quality of health care has gotten worse in the past five years compared with just 17 percent who see improvement.
A 13-million-year-old fossil found in Spain may be that of the last common ancestor to all living great apes, including humans, researchers reported Thursday.
Los Alamos employees like the University of California #39;s benefits, its academic reputation and the chance to send their children to UC at in-state prices.
Microsoft has added its support to the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (Unesco) to apply IT to education initiatives in developing countries.
Greek authorities have charged athletes Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou with avoiding a drug test prior to the Athens Olympics and then faking a motorcycle accident.
Jamie McMurray clinched 11th place in the Nextel Cup points standings by finishing in fourth place at Darlington Raceway last Sunday.
Karrie Webb shot an opening round of four-under par 68 to be two shots behind Annika Sorenstam at the LPGA Tour Championship at Trump International golf course.
But he admits he never expected to be on the brink of breaking the NCAA career receptions record when he first arrived in West Lafayette five years ago.
ABIDJAN : The Ivory Coast government suspended former rebels from the cabinet after they failed to attend a first government session since the country #39;s latest crisis, citing security reasons.
Equatorial Guinea #39;s state prosecutor has called for the death penalty for a South African man accused of taking part in an alleged coup attempt.
AP - A Democratic senator warned CIA Director Porter Goss Thursday that his efforts to make major changes could have "a significant and negative effect on the agency."
Germs, dust and central heating are partly to blame for an epidemic of voice loss which plagues UK workers, says a report.
Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said that its profit rose 24 percent in the fourth quarter.
Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi says his settlement with San Diego-based Universal Life Resources is just the beginning of a deepening investigation.
Oracle #39;s new quarterly security-patch schedule departs from its monthly schedule, which Microsoft also uses. By George V. Hulme.
AP - Lou Holtz will retire as coach at South Carolina after the season, The Associated Press learned Thursday night, apparently paving the way for Steve Spurrier to replace him.
A senior United States drug official last night said he believed at least another five medicines at present on sale needed further scrutiny in the wake of recent health scares.
Reuters, the media and information group, is understood to have appointed investment bankers to explore the sale of Instinet, its American electronic stock trading business.
Australian nickel miner WMC Resources will explore for nickel and copper in western China in a joint venture with China #39;s Jinchuan Group, the companies said Friday.
Scientists in Spain have discovered fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago that they think may have been the last common ancestor of all living great apes, including humans.
Dell customers can upgrade from Microsoft Windows XP to Dell #39;s XP Media Center operating system for half the price as part of a promotion running from now until Nov. 22.
Orchid Cellmark, a Maryland-based DNA laboratory that has worked on many high-profile cases, has fired an analyst for allegedly falsifying test data.
SPORTS NETWORK - Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive tackle Anthony McFarland is likely sidelined the rest of this season because of a torn triceps muscle.
Europe needs to become a power on the international stage, able to stand alongside the United States in shaping a fairer world order, President Jacques Chirac of France said last night.
Jordan has so far not been affected by the swarms of desert locusts that plagued Egypt on Wednesday with authorities here saying they are ready to deal with any emergency.
In a hearing before the Senate Finance Committee, the chairman and chief executive of Merck   Company was treated gently, inspite of bad news about Vioxx.
Members of many of the nation's past and present first families dedicated Bill Clinton's library in Little Rock, Ark., on Thursday.
 LONDON (Reuters) - FIFA is under pressure to act decisively  following the racist abuse directed at England players during  Wednesday's friendly against Spain in Madrid.
In returning to their roots, Steelers defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau and Chargers tight end Antonio Gates have emerged as this season's unsung heroes.
Vivendi Universal increases its stake in Morocco's national telecoms business, days before it is partially floated.
Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing vowed Thursday in Santiago to make joint efforts with other members of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in the fight against terrorism and corruption.
A UN report -- noting while opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan was up 64 percent the past year, opium production had only increased 17 -- has still led one UN official 
The record use of electronic voting machines on Nov. 2 led to hundreds of voting irregularities and shows the need for higher standards, a voting rights group said Thursday.
Web-services security company releases appliance designed to authenticate access into business networks.
Conference focuses on challenges in services sector, such as how irritating Web-based self-service can be.
Calpers joins group of big PeopleSoft investors backing a \$9.2 billion Oracle buyout.
ActiveGrid lands multimillion-dollar funding for plan to use open-source tools, low-cost servers for Web applications.
Following report of security inadequacies, Congress passes bill for \$165 million in new supercomputing funds.
New top-end Power5-based Unix server has commanding lead in performance test of servers running a large database.
Worried about spyware? spam? "spim"? AOL wants to set your mind at rest. Also: Putting patches in place.
New deal aims to simplify and protect Air Force networks by introducing standard configurations.
Releases dates of quarterly bulletins for 2005 to allow companies to better plan system updates.
Companies trying to deploy Internet phone calling face varied costs depending on the technology provider, according to a report.
Federal ruling makes Internet phone providers roll out services more actively.
LG.Philips Displays' new picture tube line allows for thinner televisions.\
Television makers say 16-inch-thick tube sets will arrive next year at a fraction of the price of thin rivals.
Ron Bills will take off next month, leaving Segway to find the fourth CEO in its short history.
PC maker promotion lets customers upgrade from Windows XP Home to Windows XP Media Center Edition for half the price.
Apple's new London store on Regent Street puts the iPod music player front and center.
Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.
Although Microsoft won't announce the release date of the next version of its Exchange Server until next year, users can expect more management tools for existing versions in the meantime.
A breakthrough cancer drug made by a Long Island company won federal approval late Thursday in a major victory for cancer patients and the region #39;s budding biotech industry.
According to researchers at the University of California, Berkeley, counties with electronic voting machines were significantly more likely to show increased support for President Bush compared to counties with paper ballots or optical scan equipment.
The next time you #39;re sifting through the mortgage offers, cheap Rolex watches or dubious business proposals from Nigeria, spare a thought for Bill Gates.
The dispute between the Prince of Wales and the Government over education intensified last night when a second Cabinet minister rebuked the prince for claiming the current system fuelled unrealistic ambitions.
Burma #39;s military government began releasing almost 4,000 prisoners yesterday whose detentions were ruled irrelevant or improper, state-run radio and television said.
Media Center PCs allow users to record live television, burn DVDs and organize their digital media files.
The move comes at a time when Microsoft is sharpening its own tools and expertise in the area.
Company experiences 80 gain in customers in one year, to nearly 200,000.
AP - Arizona starters Emmitt Smith, Bertrand Berry and Karlos Dansby are questionable for Sunday's game at Carolina after sitting out the Cardinals' practice on Thursday.
Group seeks to make Web access for mobile device users as easy as it is for desktop users.
With tomorrow's deadline approaching, Oracle today made another plea to PeopleSoft stockholders to tender their shares, telling them, "The choice is yours."
If purchasing software were as straightforward as buying a car, users would not have to think twice about the risk of intellectual property lawsuits.
Starting Jan. 18, Oracle will provide security patches for all of its products on a quarterly basis, a schedule it believes is most convenient for customers.
Members could have automatic access to easy backup on AOL servers.
Renegotiation may provide glimpse into Microsoft's search plans.
Even if so, state presidential results wouldn't shift.
Lycos Europe has found an attractive, but controversial, way to generate buzz about its business - give common folk the power to attack spammers.
Dexia, the Belgian financial services firm, and Sanpaolo IMI, the Italian bank, confirmed that they were in discussions about a partnership.
The Russian government issued an arrest warrant for the chief lawyer for Yukos and arrested a midlevel executive at a company subsidiary.
The dollar held a one-day gain in Asia on speculation policy makers will express concern at its recent decline during a meeting of officials from the Group of 20 largest economies this weekend.
OXNARD - A leak of explosive natural gas forced dozens of workers to evacuate an offshore oil platform for hours Thursday but no damage or injuries were reported.
IBM IBM.N said on Thursday its workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry #39;s most demanding tests, which analysts said creates a performance gap that could 
Rio Ferdinand has said he was ready to come off the field after Spanish fans hurled abuse at England #39;s black players in Wednesday #39;s match.
Bob Murray, the chairman of Sunderland, is seeking to take full control of the football club after buying out fellow shareholder BSkyB.
Ford will inject 534m into Jaguar, after the UK car maker had to cover a writedown on its investments following a drop in production.
Reuters - Indiana Pacers forward\Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically\injured left knee.
 INDIANAPOLIS (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward  Jonathan Bender will be out indefinitely due to his chronically  injured left knee.
Jets running back Curtis Martin needs just 16 yards on Sunday to become the second player to reach 1,000 yards in 10 consecutive seasons.
Eli Manning, who will start his first professional game at quarterback on Sunday, insisted he would not try to establish his legacy in three hours.
Cavaliers coach Pete Gillen believes his team is better than last season, but the improvement may not be enough to help Virginia contend in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Rodney Carney scores a career-high 33 points and Memphis ends the surprising tournament run of Saint Mary's with an 81-66 victory.
The 15th-ranked Terps will look to John Gilchrist to take a central leadership role as they open the season against Jackson State.
Something finally went right yesterday for Raymond V. Gilmartin, the embattled chairman and chief executive of Merck  amp; Company.
In the latest coup for the fledgling satellite radio industry, Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel Karmazin as its chief executive officer.
The UnumProvident Corporation agreed to pay \$15 million in fines and reassess 200,000 denied claims to end investigations by attorneys general of several states 
The northern spotted owl, the bird at the center of the Pacific Northwest logging wars, will stay on the threatened species list, the government said Thursday.
he #39;s the tallest, most solidly-built player in international cricket at the moment. The next thing that gets your attention 
French president Jacques Chirac enjoyed a day of lavish hospitality as he visited Britain to celebrate the centenary of the Entente Cordiale.
Russia is expected to formally agree to the Kyoto Protocol on global warming today, following its signing into law by Russian President Vladimir Putin earlier this month.
The military leaders in Myanmar have decided to release about 4,000 prisoners the leaders admit were wrongly imprisoned. The media in the repressive state, formerly called 
Federal drug regulators are "virtually incapable of protecting America" from unsafe drugs, a federal drug safety reviewer told a Congressional panel.
Mel Karmazin, who quit as president of Viacom after a power struggle with his boss, has resurfaced as the new chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio.
Top-seeded Roger Federer overcame a second-set lapse and remained unbeaten in the ATP Masters Cup Championships with a victory Thursday night over Carlos Moya.
The United States beat European champion Spain 1-0 on Thursday to set up to a quarterfinal showdown against Australia at the Women #39;s Under-19 World Championship.
AP - Brett Favre's mother was hospitalized Thursday with stomach pains, interrupting her book tour.
AP - Venus Williams defeated injured sister Serena 6-4, 7-5 in an exhibition match Thursday night.
Young Ivorians embrace anti-French sentiment and struggle to break ties with the colonial master.
South Carolina Coach Lou Holtz will retire at the end of the football season, opening the way for Steve Spurrier, the former Florida coach, to take the job.
Lehigh and Lafayette on Saturday will meet for the 140th time, but for the first time with an automatic postseason bid on the line.
Kwame Brown completes his first full practice since having foot surgery and gets rave reviews from coach Eddie Jordan. Brown is still expected out until December.
Brazilian head coach Carlos Alberto Parreira played down sentiment about the world champion #39;s 1-0 defeat by minnow Ecuador in the South American zone World Cup qualifier.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, setting a test for a new Palestinian leadership, said it could show its desire for peace by ending incitement against Israel even before any crackdown on militants.
LeBron James slams down a windmill dunk late in the second quarter and Cleveland never looks back in a 106-89 victory over Charlotte on Thursday night.
Cars that are environmentally friendly may be coming to drivers in North America faster than anyone expected after the Canadian government pledged this week to a dramatic 25 per 
Scientists have discovered the remains of a tree-climbing creature that lived 13 million years ago in what is now northeastern Spain and may be the last common ancestor of modern great apes 
Virginia Tech scores 24 points off four first-half turnovers in a 55-6 wipeout of Maryland on Thursday to remain alone atop the ACC.
Tim Duncan scores a season-high 34 points and grabs 13 rebounds to lead the Spurs to their fifth straight victory, 88-80, over the 76ers.
When Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner and Disney President Michael S. Ovitz appeared on  quot;Larry King Live quot; on Sept.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks seesawed in afternoon trade Thursday, with blue chips struggling to maintain their gains while techs edged lower following warnings from Google.
South Korea #39;s economy may miss its 5 percent growth target for 2004 after expanding at its slowest pace in a year in the third quarter, the finance minister said.
PRA International Inc., a McLean company that manages clinical trials for drug companies worldwide, said it raised \$68.4 million yesterday in its initial public offering.
Parties in conflict-torn Sudan made pledges for peace before the UN Security Council, which held extraordinary sessions in Nairobi, Kenya.
THE Prince of Wales has defended his  quot;old-fashioned views quot; after Education Secretary Charles Clarke angrily accused the heir to the throne of being out of touch.
Cap Gemini, the Paris-based technology consulting and outsourcing giant, is considering a sale of its struggling business in North America.
The African Union mission chief to Sudan says he hopes  all troops will be deployed by the end of the year.
Software maker Oracle will soon start issuing security patches quarterly. This new patch schedule comes only months after the company said it would issue such security updates every month.
Newman writes  quot;We #39;re all aware of the hole-ridden arguments that Sun executives Scott McNealy and Jonathan Schwartz use to attack Linux.
After a miserable offensive first half during which two of Syracuse #39;s best players seemed to be missing in action, an explosion seemed inevitable.
AP - The last time Nintendo Co. tried two screens, the result was a head-splitting virtual reality goggle called Virtual Boy that quickly flopped in the mid-1990s.
French President Jacques Chirac toned down his criticism of Britain #39;s role in the Iraq war as he arrived yesterday on a two-day visit celebrating the Entente 
AP - With all the grumbling over Windows and its many shortcomings, why would anyone want Microsoft's computer operating system to run their cell phone?
Reuters - China and 15 other countries joined
Reuters - San Francisco officials pondered\on Thursday whether to stop keeping elephants in the city's zoo\as activists pushed for a ban amid concerns about their\conditions in captivity.
Reuters - An "electronic eye" that can be fitted\to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more\safely, scientists said on Friday.
The Countryside Alliance prepares a legal challenge to the Parliament Act - used to force the hunt ban into law.
A majority of PeopleSoft (PSFT) shareholders are expected to support Oracle #39;s (ORCL) takeover bid when they tender shares Friday night.
The Pentagon has added new procedures to ensure that senior officials seeking employment in industry abide by the rules governing post-government work.
After hiding for days, 10 relatives flee U.S. assault across Euphrates River.
WEST PALM BEACH - She didn #39;t mean it in the literal sense, but the words nonetheless were startling even under camouflage of a dismissive laugh.
U.S. manufacturers benefit greatly from a cheaper dollar, one major reason why the Bush administration has taken a relaxed attitude toward the slide in the U.S. currency.
An analysis by four university researchers contends a link between electronic voting machines and a pro-Bush skew in Florida.
Oracle today announced that it is moving to a quarterly patch release schedule, even as the company faces criticism from analyst firm Gartner Inc. for its handling of a recent critical security fix.
Computer glitches which led to chaos for HSBC customers on Monday are fixed, the High Street bank confirms.
About 32 million people in the US read a blog in 2004 but less than half of Americans know what a blog is, says a survey.
Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN division has extended its sponsored-links contract with Overture Services Inc. for another year. ADVERTISEMENT.
IBM (IBM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its workhorse commercial computers have smashed the industry #39;s most demanding tests, which analysts said creates 
Microsoft and Yahoo agreed to a one-year extension of MSN #39;s deal to show Overture Services #39; paid listings on its Web sites.
Maryland #39;s long-shot hopes for a bowl bid and winning season ended with the worst loss in coach Ralph Friedgen #39;s four seasons.
Swedish star Annika Sorenstam shot a six-under-par 66 in Thursday #39;s first round at the season-ending \$1-million ADT Championship.
LOS ANGELES - Walt Disney (DIS) quarterly profit rose 24 as cable TV results and a tax benefit more than offset a drought at its movie studio.
The economy could be headed for slower growth in the next several months, according to a report released Thursday by a private research group.
BRANDON - When NASCAR announced it would experiment with a new points formula to decide the championship this year, it sounded promising, maybe even bold.
For weeks the rhetoric mounted as diplomats shuttled between Tehran and Vienna, seeking a solution to the impasse over Iran #39;s nuclear program.
MEPs have voted to approve the new European Commission team. The result was 449 votes in favour to 149 votes against with 82 abstentions.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Very thin, very light - but totally desirable?
Australia reached 84 for one at tea, after bowling the New Zealanders out for 353 just three balls into the second session, on the second day of the First Test in Brisbane.
Specialists hired by the Massachusetts Turnpike Authority have discovered a second section of the Big Dig #39;s Interstate 93 tunnel with a defect similar to 
They may be relatively small and endearing to the rest of the world, but the Kiwis have an amazing ability to irritate Australians.
Packer fans are known for being fanatics, and River Oaks resident Doug Erwin is adding to their lore by recreating the 1967 Ice Bowl.
Over the years, there have been many jokes about NFL standing for No Fun League, demanding uniformity and squelching individuality.
College football is big business, but there is still room for players such as Boston College fullback Everett Lee.
Last year, Babson captured the New England Women and Men's Athletic Conference (NEWMAC) tournament championship in dramatic fashion.
Enough of the Bowl Championship Series. Enough of coaches sounding like Oliver Stone scripting his latest movie project.
Russia sets a date and price for the auction of embattled Russian oil giant Yukos' main unit, as it seeks payment of a massive tax bill.
Irish china and glassmaker Waterford Wedgwood announces a half-year profit thanks to the sale of a former US cookware division.
With Christmas slightly more than a month away, Salvation Army bell ringers will begin the organization #39;s kettle campaign today at locations across Topeka.
Manhattan #39;s Union Square has been the site of anti-war demonstrations over the years, but midday Thursday it became the newest battleground in the satellite radio war.
Twenty people at Massachusetts colleges are among 761 being sued by the recording industry in its latest attack on illegal file-swappers.
Over the years, there have been many jokes about NFL standing for No Fun League, demanding uniformity and squelching individuality.
Jamal Crawford had been practising crazy shots over and over again recently, preparing himself for the opportunity to make a game-winning basket.
Israeli troops mistook three Egyptian police officers for Palestinian militants and shot them dead yesterday along the Gaza Strip #39;s border 
North Korea Friday denied reports that pictures of leader Kim Jong-il had been removed from public buildings in Pyongyang and that Kim was losing influence.
A Hindu cleric facing murder charges in southern India is sent to police custody for questioning.
Japanese scientists have built an electronic eye they say could help blind people get around safely.
REDWOOD CITY, Calif. -- Oracle Corp. moved closer to victory in its \$8.8 billion hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc.
A Food and Drug Administration official warned Congress yesterday that the FDA would be unable to prevent another episode like the Vioxx case, in which the popular arthritis 
Entering an area of pollution regulation that had been solely the federal government #39;s job, California regulators Thursday set fuel standards for watercraft and locomotives 
The United Nations started the countdown yesterday: in 89 days time the 128 states who are members of the Kyoto Protocol will be under a legal obligation.
Music giant EMI sees profits fall in the first half of the year after opting to delay its major releases.
FIFA today launched an inquiry into the disgraceful scenes of racist chanting which marred last night #39;s clash between England and Spain in Madrid.
AP - Two men were given suspended jail sentences Friday for stealing personal data on subscribers to Japanese broadband services provider Softbank Corp. in an effort to extort money from the company.
Ubisoft today announced that Prince of Persia: Warrior Within has been shipped to stores nationwide for the Playstation 2, Xbox, GameCube, and PC.
The term throwing in the towel takes on new meaning this week, thanks again to televisions continuing creative contribution to sport.
AFP - South Korea's economy achieved lower-than-expected growth in the three months to September as domestic demand failed to pick up the slack from weakening exports.
The dollar in London held yesterday #39;s gain from a record low on speculation the Group of 20 largest economies will this weekend voice concern at the currency #39;s drop.
Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. named former Viacom Inc. president Mel Karmazin chief executive Thursday, a month after signing talk-show host Howard Stern to lure listeners.
BLACKSBURG, Va.  Virginia Tech scored 24 points off four first-half turnovers and coasted to a 55-6 wipeout of Maryland on Thursday.
PULLMAN - The fact that Washington coaches have nothing to lose worries Cougars coach Bill Doba, who has his team on alert for trick plays.
Our gratitude goes to you for the interest and enthusiasm you have shown in visiting the AsiaNews.it website. AsiaNews is also a monthly magazine (only in Italian).
Reuters - The reigning king of the\television DVD is ready to re-enter the market.
Canterbury over Kent -- You can't pick against a school that taught JFK how to play flag football.
After further review, the ABC promotion for last week's Eagles-Cowboys  quot;Monday Night Football quot; was over the top.
Despite being the Globe's top-ranked boys' soccer team the entire season, Stoneham has had one goal: winning an elusive outright state championship.
Up two games to none and holding a 15-11 lead over Melrose in Game 3, Case seemed assured of making another trip to the Division 2 state volleyball finals.
A Dutch team has created the world's biggest digital picture, assembled from 600 individual snaps.
 LONDON (Reuters) - An "electronic eye" that can be fitted  to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more  safely, scientists said on Friday.
Jamal Crawford of the New York Knicks hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to hand the Houston Rockets their sixth loss this season at 93-92 on November 18.
Jimmie Johnson went from top contender to also-ran to unbeatable, and now he has all the momentum heading into the last race of the Nextel Cup season.
AMERICA accused Iran yesterday of trying to adapt its latest ballistic missile to carry nuclear warheads capable of hitting targets as far away as Israel and Cyprus.
Software developers have made the ISight good for much more than just video chat.
Here's what you need to know to get the most desktop for your dollar at any price.
Despite burgeoning demand for hybrids, carmakers remain conservative about manufacturing them. So, if you want one, be prepared to wait. By John Gartner.
The latest installment in this PlayStation 2 action series tries to be all games to all players. To its credit, Jak 3 largely succeeds. By Chris Kohler.
Researchers discover stem cells that initiate and maintain the growth of brain cancer tumors. The study could lead to new treatments for many types of cancer. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Fossils of an ape species from about 13 million years ago may have been the last common ancestor of great apes, including humans.
The ability of early human ancestors to run long distances may have influenced the transition to today's body form, researchers report.
Archaeologists in South Carolina announced radiocarbon dates suggesting that people made tools near the Savannah River about 50,000 years ago.
Dr. Joseph Weiss was a psychoanalyst and researcher who helped develop an influential theory involving ways that patients confront psychological trauma.
The generational divide becomes apparent as families start to think about gift-giving holidays. Advice for shoppers of all ages.
Stocks rose modestly yesterday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from Google and Applied Materials.
EMI has blamed a weak release schedule for a failure to exploit an improvement in the music sector, with sales falling by more than four times the industry average.
THE KING of Microsoft his Excellency Williams Gates and his silent voodoo doll Steve Ballmer are claiming to be the world #39;s most spammed men.
I #39;ve received lots of e-mail from readers who disagreed with my dissing of the combination laptop and Tablet PC I reviewed Tuesday (catch up online at www.
Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said yesterday that its profit rose 24 percent in its fiscal fourth quarter.
INTEL, the worlds largest company making computer microchips, said it expected a much better performance in the first half of next year.
Target #39;s decision to ban Salvation Army bell ringers from its 1,313 locations nationwide has hit Allentown this holiday season.
Sharper Image Corp., a retailer of personal and home electronics, posted a third-quarter loss Thursday, saying same-store sales slipped and that the presidential election campaign hurt business.
The industry filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of litigation in the record companies #39; effort to stamp out unauthorized trading of music online.
MSN Thursday extended for one year its partnership with sponsored-search listings provider Overture Services, a Yahoo! subsidiary.
Microsoft Corp., the world #39;s largest software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it said on Friday.
ITunes has been a success for a number of reasons. Backed by a respected name (Apple), it offers a massive, ever-expanding library of songs at appealing prices.
Sun Microsystems has posted the next version of its Java 2 Platform Standard Edition (J2SE) to the developer community for early review and feedback.
AP - Seattle at Toronto (7 p.m. EST). The SuperSonics, winners of eight straight, face Vince Carter and the Raptors.
Tim Henman faces a must-win clash against Russian Marat Safin on Saturday as he bids to reach the semi-finals of the Masters Cup in Houston.
WHEN Patrick Vieira got back to Arsenal #39;s training ground yesterday, he will not have been shocked to encounter England left back Ashley Cole still shaking with rage.
London has unveiled its detailed plans to stage the 2012 Olympics, promising a Games of excellence without extravagance. Bid chief Sebastian Coe said on Friday the city would 
AP - The accolades flow when Louisiana Tech coach Jack Bicknell talks about the Boise State football team.
AP - Tiger Woods reiterated his criticism of the PGA of America on Friday for its decision to pass over close friend Mark O'Meara as captain of the 2006 Ryder Cup team.
A statement by US Secretary of State Colin Powell revealing information about Iranian efforts to obtain nuclear weapons has created a stir in Washington.
French President Jacques Chirac today spoke of the true friendship between his country and Britain but again stressed his opposition to the kind of military intervention which started the war in Iraq.
Pakistan #39;s president says he is not happy with all of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh #39;s comments this week about the disputed territory of Kashmir.
Many US businesses are already introducing greenhouse gas reduction programs despite their government #39;s failure to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.
The African Union on Friday hailed the convening of the inaugural summit of the International Conference on the Great Lakes Region as an important event in history.
Reuters - Oil prices rose on Friday as tight\supplies of distillate fuel, including heating oil, ahead of\the northern hemisphere winter spurred buying.
AFP - Finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the world's 20 most powerful nations were gathering for a weekend G20 summit in which exchange rates are expected to figure prominently.
An FDA official named and shamed several drugs offered by major drugs companies, causing their shares to fall sharply in early trading.
The World Bank says it is ready to offer economic assistance to Kashmir to help promote the peace process in the region.
U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said on Friday the United States should cut its\budget gap to foster a more balanced pattern of global trade and avoid painful economic consequences.
OPTUS and Vodafone yesterday formalised an alliance in which they will together spend \$1 billion on third-generation mobile phone networks.
PC World - Software developers have made the ISight good for much more than just video chat.
AP - A suicide car bomber rammed into a police patrol in Baghdad on Friday, killing one policeman, police and hospital officials said.
There is a strange La Liga round of fixtures in store, mainly because its difficult to tell if more than one game is taking place.
NAIROBI Sudan #39;s government and insurgents in the south signed a pledge Friday to end Africa #39;s longest running civil war by Dec. 31.
Reuters - Just how similar are the Japanese and\Indonesians, apart from being Asians?
A Sri Lankan high court judge and his bodyguard are shot dead in the capital, Colombo, police say.
Giving HIV-positive children a common antibiotic could nearly halve the death rate, the UN says.
Andy Roddick beats Marat Safin in two tie-breaks to reach the Masters Cup semis.
Tiger Woods says Mark O'Meara should have been named US Ryder Cup captain for 2006.
Belgian police arrest a man suspected of threatening to kill a senator who criticised fundamentalist Muslims.
Egypt asks the US to hand over five of its citizens detained at the American military base at Guantanamo Bay.
House and Senate negotiators were close to a deal to enact the major recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission.
A federal prosecutor made a comment suggesting that a Virginia man held in a Saudi Arabian prison had been tortured.
To 'maximise benefits for patients', of course...
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Inspired thinks big but lacks the content
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; AV specialist throws wobbler
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; An eclectic postbag
But look to lawsuit stick rather than iTunes carrot for the cause
Experiment confines workers to their homes for two days to try teleworking.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed on Friday as tight  supplies of distillate fuels ahead of the northern hemisphere  winter spurred buying.
Chelsea are bad for football, it #39;s true; but they are also very good at it. Not something you could say about Titus Bramble, say.
The last time Nintendo Co. tried two screens, the result was a head-splitting virtual reality goggle called Virtual Boy that quickly flopped in the mid-1990s.
Celtic have moved top of the Scottish Premier League, for 24 hours at least, after John Hartson #39;s double gave them a 2-1 victory over Hibernian.
Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.
The Sudanese government and southern rebels vowed today to end Sudan's long civil war by the end of this year.
THE race to get a widespread third generation mobile phone network in Australia started in earnest yesterday with Optus and Vodafone agreeing to a joint venture network.
The US Food and Drug Administration said on Friday that Senate testimony by a veteran FDA researcher regarding safety risks for five drugs does not reflect the views of the agency.
NEW YORK_Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. is bringing in another big gun from the media world, tapping Mel Karmazin, the former president of media giant Viacom Inc.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) continued its hard line approach to music sharing across P2P networks with a round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal file sharers.
The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first European mission to do so. On Monday, Smart 1 began firing its ion engine to bring it into lunar orbit.
London revealed its detailed plans for hosting the 2012 Olympic Games today with bid chief Sebastian Coe promising they would be a  quot;games for the next generation quot;.
A: One race to go, and the tension is so thick, noted outdoorsman Ward Burton could barely slice it with a big, scary hunting knife.
Post reporters Sara Goo and Keith Alexander share holiday travel stories and discuss how the airlines handled what was one of the biggest holiday travel fiascos in years.
Microsoft has cobbled together dozens of third-party software plug-ins and add-ons that enhance IE and provided links to them from its Windows Marketplace site.
The New York Times on the Web won an award from the Online News Association for commentary by Nicholas Kristof, an Op-Ed columnist for The New York Times.
 quot;You Got Served quot; is the title of one movie a New York-area person is accused of making available for download over the Internet.
Mozilla #39;s new Firefox Web browser can make believers even out of loyal Internet Explorer proponents. By Scot Finnie, Desktop Pipeline.
AUSTRALIAN crowds are familiar with the sight of a big-hitting left-hander wandering to the wicket at No.7 and turning a Test match on its head.
All-rounder Jacques Kallis will play in the first test against India starting on Saturday after recovering from a side strain, but is unlikely to bowl.
The entertainment giant wraps up a successful fiscal year and sets the course for consistent growth.
US stocks opened flat on Friday, with higher oil prices and shares of drugmakers weighing on Wall Street after Thursday #39;s late-session rally.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer has told Asian government leaders at a forum in Singapore that they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of Windows software.
Google Inc., the leader in online search engines, is setting out to make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web.
In a move to protect Spain #39;s image and bid for the 2012 Olympics, Spanish leaders stressed that its citizens and sports fans are not racist.
AP - The European Union said Friday its system of protecting names for regionally produced foods such as Champagne and Parma ham was strengthened by an initial ruling from the World Trade Organization.
The Palestinian Authority Friday failed its first post-Arafat test to determine whether or not it was serious about making peace with Israel.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The British Columbia government does not have to pay for a  costly early childhood treatment for autism, the Supreme Court of Canada said Friday.
The French president Jacques Chirac lays a wreath at the tomb of Edward VII on the final day of his visit to Britain.
Nvidia Corp., a maker of computer video cards, on Friday said it inked a multiyear patent cross-licensing agreement with Intel Corp.
According to a recent report from a research group, Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer at an Asian Government Leaders Forum in Singapore claimed that Linux violates more than 228 patents.
AP - Organizers of the 2006 Winter Olympics insist the games are on track despite a  #36;242 million budget shortfall and a police investigation into possible fixing of construction contracts.
Stocks fell modestly Friday as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a warning over the nation #39;s spiraling trade deficit.
The Recording Industry Association of America has filed new lawsuits against 761 people who allegedly use peer-to-peer software to trade music files without permission, the trade group announced this week.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said there could be no authoritarian rule in the Russian Federation. Commenting on statements by some Western political analysts that totalitarian rule could be established 
Tyler Palko tosses a career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns to push No. 19 Pittsburgh over South Florida, 43-14, on Satudray.
&lt;em&gt;Alien&lt;/em&gt; star turns space tourist
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Starmap points the way forward
EMI sees download music sales rise by nearly 600 in the six months to the end of September and says they are becoming a major part of its business.
Stocks rose modestly in uninspired trading Thursday as investors looked past a mix of economic data and falling profit forecasts from from Google Inc.
A San Lorenzo man has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges that he defrauded EBay users in online auction for rare Mickey Mantle and Michael Jordan sports cards.
According to a report in the Ottawa Sun, an NHL agent has lost his certification for leaking information about a players #39; association website to a reporter from a Minnesota newspaper.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon signaled that he is dropping what was once his key demand for resuming peace talks - a Palestinian crackdown on militant groups.
Vodafone Group, Europe's largest mobile phone operator, is testing several network systems from Chinese manufacturers with the intention of purchasing equipment within the next few years.
Yahoo and SBC Communications will collaborate to extend to cell phones and home entertainment devices some of the online services and content they currently provide to PC users.
Steve Ballmer said he, too, is among the most spammed people in the world because he gives out his e-mail address in nearly every speech he makes.
SMART-1, the European Space Agency craft currently in orbit around the moon, makes use of a technology that was pure science fiction until the 1960s - the ion drive.
It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
The Sudanese government and southern rebels vowed today to end Sudan #39;s long civil war by the end of this year, putting their pledge on paper in 
Iraqi forces arrest people during a raid on one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad, the Abu Hanifa mosque, Friday Nov. 19 2004.
Though it seems most sex toys are designed for women, it's the male-oriented ones that nudge the technology to new levels. Commentary by Regina Lynn.
During a Senate hearing Thursday regarding Vioxx, the arthritis blockbuster pulled off the market in September over concerns about increased risk of heart attacks and 
The co-founder of the athletic shoe and clothing company is stepping down as president and CEO, with his resignation taking effect Dec. 28.
Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
TORONTO - Grocery retailer Loblaw Companies Ltd. said Friday its third-quarter earnings grew by more than 18 per cent over the previous year.
To say the Sixers had trouble scoring in the first quarter Thursday is like saying a fish has trouble surviving out of water. Of their first 16 shots, the Sixers missed exactly 16.
JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has indicated he is dropping a demand that Palestinians crack down on militant groups before he will resume peace talks.
North Korea #39;s nuclear aspirations, allies #39; worries about the US budget deficit and hopes for global trade deals will be on the agenda this weekend as President Bush attends 
AP - Arsenal won for the first time in five games Saturday, getting two goals from Thierry Henry to beat Birmingham 3-0 in the Premier League.
An  quot;electronic eye quot; that can be fitted to a pair of glasses could help the blind cross roads more safely, scientists said on Friday.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Rangers striker Nacho Novo won his appeal against a red card Friday and will be eligible to play in the Old Firm derby on Saturday.
Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices skidded lower\on Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said\investors should be hedged for higher interest rates.
AP - Japanese financial officials tried to play down worries Friday that a planned revision in calculating growth may show the economy shrank instead of grew slightly in the quarter ended Sept. 30.
Sri Lanka's 2005 budget measures include a massive increase in the fine for running a brothel.
Worldwide athletic-goods giant Nike, Inc. announced Thursday that University alumnus and current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Philip H. Knight will step down as CEO, effective Dec. 28.
Most US households would face higher television bills if they only paid for the channels they wanted to watch, US regulators told Congress in a report released on Friday.
Microsoft has responded to our story yesterday about it threatening Asian governments that, if they choose Linux, they may get sued - possibly by one of the holders of the  quot;more 
its 99th retail outlet and the first in Europe -- to sell Macintosh computers and the popular iPod music players. The opening follows close on the 
Honda Motor Co. will own a stake in BAR-Honda for the first time since the Japanese automaker rejoined Formula One racing in 2000.
In this edition of Perspective, we #39;ll take a look at some of the issues at the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation or APEC Summit in Chile.
Bethesda-based company didn't screen clients properly or help when she reported abuse, Ukrainian woman alleged.
It will be a short trading week, but that is probably the best reason to take a long, hard look at some of the companies that will be in the news.
AFP - US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan appeared to be sceptical about the efficacy of any central bank intervention to prop up the dollar.
After a relatively quiet fall, mass-mailing worm begins to spread on Windows PCs. Meanwhile, the Air Force turns to Microsoft for security help.
New version of mass-mailing worm promises German speakers pictures of a naked go-go dancer seeking employment.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices soared Friday as worries about heating fuel supplies and technical trading factors pushed prices sharply higher.
Microsoft Corp has renewed its deal with Overture Services Inc, owned by rival Yahoo! Inc for another year until June 2006, the companies have announced.
The Dow Jones industrial average is up 32 points. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange hold an eight-to-seven lead over advancers.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently has softened his stance that Palestinians must crack down on militants before he will restart peace talks, but Palestinian leaders on Friday said Sharon should go further and drop all 
Israeli PM Ariel Sharon appears to have eased his preconditions for resuming talks with the Palestinians.
AP - Englishmen Paul Casey and Luke Donald surged to a five-stroke lead in the second round of the team World Cup on Friday after shooting an 8-under-par 64.
Serbia's government seeks support from parliament for its 2005 budget, which includes tax breaks, more welfare benefits and a "modest" deficit.
Reuters - President Bush on Friday signed into\law a measure authorizing an  #36;800 billion increase in the\credit limit of the United States, the White House said.
BT launches a new mobile phone service, three years after spinning-off its MM02 subsidiary.
To determine how good a company is, it helps to consider the characteristics of the perfect business.
Nearly three years after grabbing international headlines, the grisly Tri-State Crematory case creeps closer to its end Friday morning.
AFP - Visiting French President Jacques Chirac hailed "a very strong historical link" between London and Paris, while arguing his case for a multipolar and interdependent world.
LONDON, England -- The English FA has received a letter of apology from the Spanish FA after fans racially abused England players during Wednesday #39;s match in Madrid.
REDS coach Carlos Quieroz believes Wayne Rooney has received an excessive amount of criticism due to being a Manchester United player.
A car bomb killed a top Venezuelan prosecutor investigating opponents of President Hugo Chavez who were accused of backing a 2002 coup attempt against the leftist leader, officials said Friday.
AP - North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too.
roundup Large-scale Linux users could find themselves in a costly patent pickle, warns Steve Ballmer.
After a fairly quiet fall, mass-mailing worm starts to spread on Windows PCs. Plus: Air Force turns to Microsoft for security help.
Video game giant will be moving past Pokemon pack when it launches the DS on Sunday. \
The dollar sank across the board, dropping to multiyear lows against the yen and the euro on Friday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said demand for US 
MICROSOFT chief executive officer Steve Ballmer on Thursday stressed the importance of the Asia-Pacific region to the world #39;s top software maker when he was addressing 
A suicide bomber rammed a minibus packed with explosives into a police station near Baghdad's protected Green Zone on Saturday morning.
FORT WORTH, Texas -- The Movie Gallery video rental chain said Friday it #39;s offered to acquire video rental rival Hollywood Entertainment.
US stocks opened higher on Wednesday after news that core inflation rose only slightly more than expected last month. Strong earnings from computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co.
S outheast Portland resident Jerry Lindquist enjoys watching automotive programs, educational channels and TV shows on popular science.
Athletic retailer Hibbett Sporting Goods Inc. said Thursday that profit rose 17 percent in the fiscal third quarter on high sales of footwear and team equipment.
Walking upright has long been accepted as one of the fundamental abilities that separated early human ancestors apart from their ape cousins.
Microsoft has warned Asian governments that they may face lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of Windows. Speaking to government officials in Singapore Thursday as part of a five-day visit 
A new variant of the Sober worm is rapidly spreading via e-mail. Visit the Virus Threat Center for breaking news and the latest alerts.
The Japanese carrier will be standardizing on Symbian for their 3G mobile phone platform, and they will ship 3G phones based on Linux.
Several Half-Life 2 users who finally got the long-delayed game into their hands yesterday got exactly what they didn #39;t want--more delays.
Luke Donald and Paul Casey took a giant stride towards what would be only the second-ever victory for England in golf #39;s World Cup.
Romania, depleted by injuries and suspensions, lost top spot in Group One after a 1-1 draw in Yerevan which handed Armenia their first point in five matches.
The Israeli army says it is investigating newspaper claims of the abuse of dead Palestinians by its soldiers.
Only the nave or willfully ignorant seem not to understand that drug use has been widespread for many years in elite sport. The
SpaceDev does things that the big boys can't afford to do. Unfortunately, that includes losing money for a long time.
Casual Male caters to a big clientele but has to overcome a hefty debt load.
Video game retailer posts strong results leading into holiday quarter.
Scientists have grown a "brain" in a petri dish that can fly a simulated F-22 fighter airplane. It's all part of a quest to build "living" computers.
A new nature preserve and resort in Dubai has set aside 4.8 percent of the desert emirate's total landmass for conservation.
The US is virtually defenceless against another scandal such as Vioxx, senators investigating Mercks withdrawal of its popular painkiller were told yesterday.
Web sites racked up \$17.6 billion in retail sales in the third quarter, according to estimates released Friday by the US Commerce Department.
A federal bankruptcy judge on Friday agreed to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel its union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
The US Congress on Friday reinstated a ban on Internet access taxes after the House of Representatives agreed to extend it for another three years rather than make it permanent.
Networking and Linux vendor Novell reported a profit of \$57.1 million for fiscal 2004 and said its Linux offerings are allowing the company to reach new customers.
A new Sober worm began spreading early Friday morning in Europe and quickly gained enough traction worldwide that security companies scrambled to warn users and produce new signatures to deflect the attack.
Google has seen many benefits from its internal Web log system and may consider providing blogging tools and expertise to corporate clients, a company executive said.
Utes coach Urban Meyer is one of the hottest offensive minds in the nation and Utah will run wild formations with misdirection and trick plays.
Bucharest, Romania (Sports Network) - Anghel Iordanescu resigned as coach of Romania Friday following Wednesday #39;s disappointing 1-1 World Cup qualifying draw with Armenia.
IBM will supply Florida International University with hardware and software so the university can do research on how technology can be used to better protect patient privacy and reduce waiting room time.
The source of intelligence used this week by US Secretary of State Colin Powell to suggest Iran is working on a nuclear weapons program may not be reliable, knowledgeable sources told CNN Friday.
Santiago - Chilean anti-riot police fired water-cannon and tear gas on Friday at bands of stone-throwing protesters in a massive rally against a major Asia-Pacific summit.
Many Ukrainians believe that Viktor A. Yushchenko is their best hope for changing Soviet-style governance.
Many cannot easily shop around for the best bargains on their drugs, as other Medicare beneficiaries are supposed to do.
 CHICAGO (Reuters) - A federal bankruptcy judge on Friday  agreed to consider a motion by United Airlines to cancel its  union contracts to save \$725 million annually.
Volare, Italy's first budget airline, cancels all flights and ticket sales indefinitely amid reports of a financial crisis.
Santa Clara, CA; November 22, 2004 -- Sun Microsystems and AMD are celebrating the one-year anniversary of their strategic partnership.
BEIJING - North Korea has denied reports that portraits of leader Kim Jong Il have been disappearing from public places in the capital, Pyongyang.
Police and protesters clash in the Chilean capital, Santiago, ahead of a meeting of the Apec regional organisation.
Tom DeLay of Texas claimed vindication today after it was disclosed that one of his accusers had been found to have stretched the facts.
The House has given final congressional approval to a bill that bans state and local governments from taxing Internet connections for the next three years.
The US Food and Drug Administration Friday said it had approved Tarceva (erlotinib) tablets for patients with metastatic lung cancer.
The US economy is resilient over time and growth is likely to remain in the 3-4 percent range, Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Gary Stern said on Friday.
The RIAA continued its hard-line approach to music sharing with a round of copyright infringement lawsuits targeting 761 alleged illegal file sharers.
Microsoft #39;s MSN Web portal has extended its contract with Overture, a division of Yahoo that provides sponsored search results.
Microsoft finally made good on a five months #39;-old promise Thursday by upping the storage allowance for new members of its Hotmail e-mail service.
Former crematory operator Ray Brent Marsh pleaded guilty Friday to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families of the deceased cement dust instead of ashes.
It #39;s the fight computer gamers have been waiting for. But the latest duel between wise old master Nintendo and challenger Sony is not taking place on a TV screen.
LONDON - From David Beckham to Roger Moore to Tony Blair, London is rolling out the big names to promote its campaign for the 2012 Olympics.
Sochaux extended their unbeaten run to eight Ligue 1 matches with a deserved 3-1 success at struggling Monaco on Friday. The result gave Sochaux 25 points and kept them in fourth 
Israel signalled flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some goodwill.
AFP - The United Nations renewed an appeal for the safe release of three UN workers taken hostage in Afghanistan by a shadowy group of Islamic militants.
Nov. 18, 2004 - An FDA scientist says the FDA, which is charged with protecting America #39;s prescription drug supply, is incapable of doing so.
AP - Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
Ziff Davis - A new version of the Sober worm is having quite a bit of success infecting users in Europe through the use of social engineering.
Reuters - The Anaheim Angels have\reportedly traded outfielder Jose Guillen to the\Washington-bound Expos in exchange for outfielder Juan Rivera\and a prospect.
AFP - Scottish Football Association (SFA) officials confirmed they interviewed Walter Smith for the vacant national managerial job.
Sun who resells Red Hat #39;s software, is competing for the same customers as Red Hat with their upcoming release of Solaris 10 in January.
AP - The University of the District of Columbia canceled its men's and women's basketball seasons Thursday, citing problems with recruitment, academic eligibility and financial aid.
AP - Security risks to reconstruction workers in Sunni-dominated parts of Iraq have grown worse over the past six weeks, the U.S. coordinator said Friday.
The Anaheim Angels agreed to trade troubled outfielder Jose Guillen to the Washington-bound Expos for outfielder Juan Rivera and a prospect, The Associated Press learned Friday.
Ziff Davis - Opinion: As competition heats up, iPass is the latest remote-access provider to announce favorable Wi-Fi pricing for enterprise customers.
NewsFactor - The worldwide services industry is undergoing a shift similar to what happened in manufacturing a generation ago, according to IDC analyst Marianne Hedin.
Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
With his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Essential kit for the marauding sysdamin
Plus, Mel's Sirius decision, Phil hangs up his Nikes, and Mattel's "free plus" dividend.
Genentech and OSI's launch of Tarceva brings a new choice in the treatment of lung cancer.
Augusta National chairman Hootie Johnson said Friday that Steve Spurrier is not guaranteed a membership at the home of the Masters if he becomes the head football coach at South Carolina.
Dan Marino and Steve Young highlighted a list Friday of 25 candidates for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
A US Food and Drug Administration official said Friday  quot;we categorically reject quot; accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.
Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro today and warned anxious Europeans to expect little relief from the relentless decline of the dollar against their currency.
Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
A new fossil found in Spain may be the closest yet to the common ancestor of all great apes, perhaps including humans, researchers say.
Groundbreaking new research by Professor of Anthropology Daniel E. Lieberman 86 validates what Bruce Springsteen has been saying for yearshuman beings are, indeed, born to run.
Virus writers are targeting Symbian-based cell phones with a Trojan horse that kills off system applications and replaces their icons with images of skulls.
As we exclusively predicted earlier this week Honda has bought into British American Racing. David Richards will now stand down and Nick Fry will take over.
The Palestinian prime minister urged the United States on Friday to stick to its original 2005 deadline for Palestinian statehood, arguing that President Bush #39;s recent proposal 
A US celebrity TV special will benefit the tsunami relief effort in South Asia, as actors make donations.
The Seattle Mariner traded left-handed pitcher Randy Williams to the San Diego Padres on Friday for infielder Billy Hogan.
Lions head coach Steve Mariucci says he was contacted by Notre Dame regarding their vacant head coaching position, but he will remain in Detroit.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan says there is clear evidence UN staff sexually abused refugees in DR Congo.
Police plan to file murder charges against Sao Caetano club officials for the death of defenseman Serginho, who collapsed on the field and died of heart failure last month.
The Congress on Friday passed legislation reinstituting a ban on state and local taxation of Internet access for another three years following a vote by the House of Representatives.
Three senior ruling party members are arrested for carrying guns to a meeting with Malawi's president.
November 19, 2004 - NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporation today announced that they have entered into a multi-year, cross-license agreement.
Ubisoft #39;s darker iteration on the Prince of Persia franchise comes to light on multiple consoles December 2; was originally dated for mid-November.
Annika Sorenstam shot a second-round 68 to open up a three-shot halfway lead at the ADT Tour Championship at Trump International in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Orchard Park, NY (Sports Network) - Veteran cornerback Troy Vincent and wide receiver Josh Reed will not play Sunday when the Buffalo Bills host the St.
Touching down in a city rocked by large, noisy protests, Prime Minister Paul Martin has arrived in Santiago, Chile for this year #39;s summit of APEC leaders.
Egyptians are raging at an Israeli mistake that left three border policemen dead, even as the Israeli Army chief has promised an investigation.
AP - Chris Young never expected to have to chose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.
The 29-year-old Williams was 7-2 for Triple-A Tacoma and made six relief appearances with Seattle after being called up in September.
AP - Negotiators planned to work until Congress' final moments to get a breakthrough on legislation implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations to protect the nation from terrorism.
 LONDON (Reuters) - The International Olympic Committee will  donate \$1 million to aid victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is not known for a kindly disposition toward the Palestinians, nor for a gentle approach to the issue of a Palestinian state.
AP - A Nebraska football player is charged with aggravated assault and battery for injuring a member of a University of Oklahoma spirit group before a game last week.
Russia has pressed ahead with the last step in the break-up of oil major YUKOS, saying it will auction its main unit for \$8.65 billion.
Legislation to temporarily ban taxing Internet access is poised for approval this week after the US Senate approved the legislation and worked out wording acceptable to Congress.
Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio posted double-digit percentage gains on Friday, one day after the company said former Viacom President Mel Karmazin would become its new chief executive.
Leaks in the Big Dig highway tunnel system under downtown Boston are more widespread than officials have acknowledged, and a new state report suggests tens of millions of dollars 
The Air Force signed a deal with Microsoft Corp. and Dell Inc. for software services that could be worth \$500 million over six years, Microsoft officials said today.
Louisville rings in the Christmas season with a 120-year tradition. The Salvation Army kicked off its kettle and bell ringing campaign Friday, called  quot;Keep the Tradition Alive.
November 19, 2004 - Ubisoft announced today that the Xbox and PlayStation 2 versions of Prince of Persia: Warrior Within have gone gold.
In souvenir trailers spread throughout Homestead-Miami Speedway, thousands of Nextel Cup champion T-shirts and hats are sitting in boxes.
Seahawks quarterback Matt Hasselbeck, who did not practice today, has been downgraded from probable to questionable for Sunday #39;s game.
Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago White Sox pitcher Jon Garland has agreed to a one-year, \$3.4 million contract, avoiding salary arbitration.
He should save the tears: Unlike most senior quarterbacks at Harvard, he might not be saying good bye to football after The Game against Yale on Saturday.
US forces and Iraqi units last night were preparing to storm rebel strongholds in the northern city of Mosul as fighting wound down in Fallujah.
North Korean and US officials met this week to discuss the nuclear standoff on the Korean Peninsula. It appears they came no closer to resuming multilateral 
Oracle's attempt to buy rival software producer Peoplesoft hangs in the balance as investors consider its \$9.2bn takeover offer ahead of Saturday's deadline.
The European Commission clears German drug firm Bayer's 2.3bn euro acquisition of Swiss company Roche's over the counter medicines business.
Among the new challenges: keeping Sarbanes-Oxley expenses under control and "their CEOs out of jail."
Coding community gets early look at new graphics engine set to accompany Longhorn, the next version of Windows.
Pennsylvania may block Philly's Wi-Fi plan. News.com Extra
Firm says preliminary results for tender offer for PeopleSoft shares could be available just after midnight Friday night.
For some phones infected by the Trojan, the only real fix is a hard reset, which wipes all user data from the device. 
The rise in online scams has companies spending hefty sums to educate customers about fraud prevention and to address 'phishing' damage.
A converged Wi-Fi device will follow efforts with Vodafone to make BT big in the mobile space again.
A sky-high iPod ad towers over a hip Toronto shopping district. Toronto will soon be home to its own Apple retail store. \
The Segway coast to coast? Sure--it works, as long as you don't mind taking your time.
Third-quarter survey of digital camera market from IDC shows 40-percent growth and a real horse race.
A broad patent agreement will let the graphic-chip specialist build chipsets for Intel PCs.
Enthusiasm for PortalPlayer's stock is high despite company's warning that it has no long-term contract with Apple.\
IT executives must learn business skills, and how to teach those skills to the next generation of managers. Too many look outside for help instead of training their own.
The midnight expiration of Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft shares will either end the software rivals' bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.
Five online security software and service providers have formed an alliance to help e-commerce and financial services companies fight online fraud.
SAN FRANCISCO - Firefox 1.0 appears to have sparked new activity in the Web browser market.
A new version of the Sober e-mail worm started spreading in Europe on Friday, according to antivirus vendors, which have given the worm a midlevel threat rating.
Nintendo, Sony ready rival portable gaming devices. Which one will gamers go for?
Wall Street stocks traded sharply lower Friday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan gave a warning over the nation #39;s spiraling trade deficit.
Under an agreement with Intel, Nvidia will be able to make integrated graphics chips that are placed on the computer #39;s motherboard along with the main processor.
many of them university students -- for sharing unlicensed music files over the Internet. The latest round of filings 
California plans to sue the Bush administration over its plans to expand significantly the amount of logging allowed in the Sierra Nevada mountains, the state #39;s Democratic attorney general said on Friday.
Raptors guard Vince Carter asked out of Toronto before training camp, and it now appears the disgruntled five-time All-Star might get his wish.
ABC has pulled out of the television rights negotiations for the Bowl Championship Series, a source familiar with the talks said Friday.
A military police investigation was ordered yesterday by the Israeli Chief of Staff into allegations that soldiers had tampered with the bodies of dead Palestinians and posed for photographs with the corpses.
Like fruit cake and Santa Claus, they have become an important part of the holiday season. Beginning in early November and running through Christmas, Salvation Army 
Firefox 1.0 appears to have sparked new activity in the Web browser market. The release of the open-source Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation last week prompted Microsoft Corp.
AP - A radio frequency tag that patients can affix like a bandage to ensure doctors perform the right surgery on the right person won government approval Friday.
CD Chivas USA made Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres the first player chosen Friday in the Major League Soccer Expansion draft.
AP - Kris Benson and Al Leiter are likely to be back with the New York Mets next season.
AP - CD Chivas USA made Los Angeles Galaxy forward Arturo Torres the first player chosen Friday in the Major League Soccer Expansion draft.
Cuba and Panama agree to restore ties after having talks on the sidelines of the Ibero-American summit.
Sun plans to provide legal protection from patent-infringement suits to outsiders using or developing the OS--a move to counter Linux.
Straight-shooting ball is one of a slew of nanotechnology products aimed at the sports market. \
A Kansas banking company will pay \$16 million to settle claims it charged excessive fees and inflated interest rates on federally guaranteed agriculture loans in Oklahoma.
The home computer has morphed into an all-purpose entertainment hub. When buying a computer this holiday season, here are some important factors to consider.
London, England (Sports Network) - Everything seems to be working lately for Jose Mourinho and Chelsea. Nothing changed Saturday at Stamford Bridge against Newcastle United.
EMI overcame an 11.4 per cent fall in sales to deliver increased profits and margins in the six months to the end of September, it announced yesterday.
Oil prices climbed more than \$2 higher on Friday on renewed concern over supplies of distillate fuels in all main consuming centers before the Northern Hemisphere winter.
BERLIN: German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said in a radio interview yesterday that a sharp fall in the dollar would damage both the American and global economies.
AP - Jason Kidd's recovery from surgery on his left knee is on schedule and the All-Star point guard hopes to practice next month with the struggling New Jersey Nets.
AP - Chris Young never expected to have to choose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.
Graham Henry and Steve Hansen - are pitted against a former pupil - Mike Ruddock. Wales coach Ruddock could not have had it much harder.
AP - Thousands of Lebanese students and activists defied government warnings Friday and demonstrated against Syria's domination of their country.
The largest protest march since Chile #39;s police state ended 14 years ago turned violent Friday when demonstrators waged pitched street battles with riot police before President 
BAGHDAD: An influential group of clerics last night protested against a raid on a Baghdad mosque by Iraqi and US troops, which killed four civilians.
A campaigner with the pressure group Fathers 4 Justice invaded a conference yesterday and handcuffed himself to Margaret Hodge, the minister for Children, for 40 minutes.
Colombian ex-presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt reaches her 1,000th day as a hostage of Marxist guerrillas.
ALAN GREENSPAN, Chairman of the US Federal Reserve, undercut lingering hopes of staging an operation to support the dollar at a meeting of bankers in Frankfurt yesterday 
Chicago White Sox: The White Sox avoided arbitration with right-hander Jon Garlandon Friday, agreeing to a \$3.4 million, one-year contract.
ABC has pulled its contract offer to the Bowl Championship Series, a move that could result in three of college football #39;s biggest games moving to another network.
The Federal Communications Commission says in a Congressional report that cable bills would increase under a system that lets customers pick and choose. Consumer groups disagree.
Swollen trade deficits eventually could threaten the economy by souring foreign appetites to invest in the United States, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Friday.
The dollar continued its seemingly unstoppable slide against other currencies this week, leaving US and European officials increasingly at odds over what - if anything - should be done about it.
Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. fell sharply Friday on concerns about the newly approved drug #39;s ability to meet sales targets.
Investors are tuning in to news that the subscription-based programmer has tapped Mel Karmazin, the former Viacom president, to be its new CEO.
Finance ministers and central bank governors from the 20 biggest economies prepared to meet in Berlin on Saturday to mull the global economic outlook, denying 
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio -- Striking reporters, photographers and other employees of The Vindicator went online Friday with their own newspaper.
A US private equity group tonight said it had bought a majority stake in luxury shoe label Jimmy Choo in a deal valuing the company at 101 million.
AP - Jarrett Jack scored 20 points and No. 3 Georgia Tech held Alabama State scoreless for more than nine minutes at the start in a 74-37 rout on Friday.
AP - Striking reporters, photographers and other employees of The Vindicator went online Friday with their own newspaper.
Bill Gates and Microsoft were in the news a lot this week, most notably with CEO Steve Ballmer claiming that Gates is the most spammed person in the world.
A controversial website, www.live-shot.com, already allows Internet users to fire a .22 caliber rifle at targets on a Texas ranch from afar.
Editors note. This story was first reported on www.postindependent.com. For more coverage, please read Sundays Post Indpendent.
Reuters - In an unprecedented departure from
It was Jonathan Edwards who best summed up the overriding mood when he helped London officially unveil its candidature for the 2012 Olympic Games yesterday.
Georgia Tech guard Will Bynum goes to the basket against Alabama State as teammate Theodis Carter looks on during the second half of their season opening game Friday, Nov. 19, 2004.
YASSIR ARAFATS widow visited yesterday the French hospital where he died and retrieved his widely sought medical records, just as his nephew was about to collect them.
Venezuela suggested Friday that exiles living in Florida may have masterminded the assassination of a prosecutor investigating a short-lived coup against leftist President Hugo Chvez 
AP - In the shadow of Bill Clinton and his gleaming new presidential library, leaders of the struggling Democratic Party held informal discussions this week of how to come back from their devastating Election Day losses.
AP - Action on Friday as the 108th Congress moved toward adjournment, which is expected on Saturday:
AP - While NASA is best known for putting a man on the moon, the U.S. space agency will now help keep plant and animal species on Earth.
Officials at the Mozilla Foundation are getting ready to release the final version of Thunderbird 1.0 next week, officials said Friday.
AP - Scientists from across Asia will launch a genetic study of the region's people in an attempt to learn why some ethnic groups are more prone to certain diseases.
Business and communication skills are important, but many tech pros aren't given such training by employers, according to a report.
Apple's latest offers a brilliant color screen and photo capabilities, but the price is high.
Because of repeated showings, television viewers continue to argue over how badly the Jets mangled the clock in last Sunday's loss to Baltimore.
Coach Jim Mora's direct approach has helped lead Atlanta to the second-best record in the N.F.C., behind only the Philadelphia Eagles.
Pavilion ZD8000 is a TV lover's dream, but it's no lightweight and it doesn't come cheap.
Its that time of year again, as members of the Salvation Army fan out across the Wabash Valley. Its time for their annual Christmas kettle bell ringing season.
A leading Venezuelan prosecutor investigating the 2002 coup attempt against President Hugo Chavez has been killed in a car bomb attack in Caracas, raising fears of renewed unrest in the country.
Twenty years and \$14.6 billion after its conception, the most ambitious public works project in the nation -- an unprecedented effort to route an unsightly highway deep beneath the central 
The widow of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has picked up his medical records from the Paris hospital where he died November 11, and was reviewing the information, her lawyers said.
Margaret Hodge, the children #39;s minister, was handcuffed to a Fathers 4 Justice protester yesterday as she gave the keynote speech at a Law Society conference.
The Anaheim Angels, who had preliminary conversations with the Mets about trading Jose Guillen for Mike Piazza, dealt him to the Washington-bound Expos.
The Giants defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.
AP - Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates signed an agreement Friday with a Spanish association for the blind to develop better software for people with visual impairments.
Launch of NASA #39;s Swift spacecraft aboard a Boeing Delta II rocket is scheduled for Saturday Nov. 20 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station complex 17.
ABC Sports, which has carried the entire Bowl Championship Series since 1998, withdrew yesterday from talks to retain the full package of games.
Elections in Iraq scheduled to take place by Jan. 31 may be postponed because of continued widespread violence or a coordinated boycott by Sunni Muslims, US and Iraqi officials said.
The European Parliament in Brussels approved a new team of EU commissioners Thursday with 66 percent of members in favor, the BBC reported.
A yawning religious and racial chasm has opened in the Netherlands in the two weeks since a Muslim apparently killed a secular Dutch filmmaker.
Driven by one of the largest and most sustained economic expansions in history, China is increasingly turning to South America as a supplier.
The billionaire financier Carl Icahn offered to buy the generic drug maker Mylan Laboratories to force the company to drop its acquisition of King Pharmaceuticals.
Alumni, fans and some former players are asking if Coach Joe Paterno is still capable of meeting the enormous expectations of the football empire he built.
AP - Lions coach Steve Mariucci said Saturday he was contacted by Notre Dame about its coaching vacancy but decided to stay with Detroit.
AP - Kennedy Winston scored 24 points to lead No. 18 Alabama over Western Carolina 97-66 on Friday night.
Covert use of a hardware keystroke logger does not violate federal wiretap law, court rules.
Carla Thomas scored 23 points, Ashley Earley 22 and Dee Davis a career-high 21 as No. 13 Vanderbilt opened the season with a 102-47 victory over St.
AP - Sen. Tom Harkin said Friday that he had a cancerous patch of skin removed from his forehead.
Nearly three years after hundreds of bodies were found scattered, stacked and left to rot at the Tri-State Crematory, its manager pleaded guilty on Friday to theft, fraud 
Congress passed a measure Friday putting a three-year ban on state and local governments #39; taxation of the monthly fees that Internet providers charge their customers.
Most consumers would end up paying more for cable and satellite television if they were allowed to pick only the channels they wanted to watch instead of being forced to buy large packages 
Indiana's Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charged into the stands and fought with fans, and the game was called with 45.9 seconds left.
In California, mice peer from their cages with human brain cells firing inside their skulls. These are not outcasts from  quot;The Island of Dr.
The Giants' defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.
A season which brought them their first Ryder Cup caps and a record-breaking win in Detroit now sees Luke Donald and Paul Casey gunning for World Cup glory.
David Richards has stood down as boss of Formul One team BAR after a change of ownership. Honda and founders British American Tobacco plan to form a joint venture company, replacing 
HOMESTEAD, Fla. - Kurt Busch wanted everyone else in contention to win the Nextel Cup Series championship to chase him in the Ford 400.
Dirk Nowitzki had 30 points and 12 rebounds to lead the short-handed Dallas Mavericks to a 103-101 victory over the New York Knicks on Friday night.
Next weeks meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) board of governors over Irans nuclear programs is looming as a tense diplomatic battleground between the US and its European rivals.
A GOOD news for environmentalists and all those who love Mother Earth came yesterday with Russia formally declaring that it has ratified the Kyoto protocol.
Faced with polarizing division in the 191-member General Assembly, the United States on Friday abandoned its aggressively pursued attempt to obtain a United Nations 
The US says it may send more troops to Iraq before January, depending on the outcome of its offensive in Falluja.
Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan says the US trade deficit cannot be sustained indefinitely.
The operation by U.S. and Iraqi troops may have been aimed at a cleric said to have incited insurgent violence.
Alan Greenspan's suggestions offered little relief to those in Europe who worry that the U.S. is seeking to gain an advantage for its industries from a weaker currency.
House and Senate negotiators have tucked a potentially far-reaching anti-abortion provision into a \$388 billion must-pass spending bill.
Tennessee's health care plan for the state's most vulnerable residents, once hailed as an example for the nation, is on the ropes.
Santa Clara surprises No. 4 North Carolina, 77-66, in the Tar Heels' season opener at the Pete Newell Challenge on Friday night.
Officials say Iran has's continued conversion of uranium for enrichment signals potential trouble for a new and still untested agreement between the Islamic republic and European countries.
AP - Daniel Horton's three-point play with 20.7 seconds to go lifted Michigan to a 61-60 win over No. 20 Notre Dame on Saturday.
D.C. United loses three players to the expansion draft Friday, including veteran defender Ezra Hendrickson.
Chris Pugh's three-pointer erases a Navy lead with 1 minute 13 seconds remaining Friday night as Maryland-Baltimore County rallies past the Midshipmen, 67-61.
Friday sermons rival Arab satellite channels such as al-Jazeera in their influence over Iraqi opinion.
AP - Dionnah Jackson had 23 points and eight assists to lead No. 21 Oklahoma to an 84-62 season-opening victory over Southeast Missouri State on Friday night.
Facing two Top 25 teams in two nights in the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic, the Orange handled both with relative ease.
Every few years, a whistle-blower arrives on Capitol Hill and shakes up a federal agency with charges of incompetence and misfeasance.
The dollar is dipping again. After falling against major currencies such as the euro, yen, and Canadian dollar in 2002 and 2003, the greenback stabilized this year.
The third-ranked Yellow Jackets use a stifling defensive effort to crush the Alabama State Hornets, 74-37, on Friday night.
With the season winding down and conference championship games approaching, it seems an appropriate time to remind people of why some conferences are in favor of these games and why others aren't.
Pacers forward Jonathan Bender is expected to be out six weeks with an injured left knee. The knee has troubled Bender his entire career.
ABC has pulled its contract offer to the Bowl Championship Series, a move that could result in three of college football's biggest games moving to another network.
Indiana's Ron Artest and Stephen Jackson charge into the stands and brawl with fans in the final minute of their game against Detroit.
Honda told regulators that faulty gaskets are a major factor in an engine problem that has led to fires in its CRV sport utility vehicles.
between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve last year, The Salvation Army raised nearly \$40,000 from its signature Christmas kettles at five local Target stores.
Man became the world #39;s alpha species thanks to his outsized brain, according to the view that has dominated anthropology for decades.
The season may be young, but No. 6 Syracuse has already made a statement. Facing two Top 25 teams in two nights in the Coaches vs.
Kurt Busch surprised himself by winning the pole yesterday for the NASCAR season finale, putting himself in excellent shape for the opening laps of Sunday #39;s climactic Ford 400.
A top US military official in charge of the Middle East says coalition forces will do all they can to ensure Iraqi elections set for late January will go ahead.
The Bush administration has dropped its bid this year for a global ban on human cloning, avoiding what promised to be an acrimonious battle at the United 
President Hugo Chavez vowed Friday that Venezuela's intelligence services would identify the assassins of a state attorney who intended to prosecute backers of Venezuela's 2002 coup.
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan shook financial markets yesterday with a warning that foreign nations may tire of financing the huge US trade and budget deficits.
The UN staff union met yesterday to discuss a no-confidence measure against senior management of the world body, which has been rocked by a series of scandals involving top officials.
AP - Ivory Latta scored 17 points to lead No. 9 North Carolina to an 86-40 victory over Elon in the season opener for both teams Friday night.
Congress passed a measure putting a three-year ban on taxation of the monthly fees that Internet providers charge their customers.
Jim Bowden continued to lead the hot stove league in deals yesterday when Washington #39;s interim general manager acquired power hitter and problem child Jose Guillen in a trade that sent two 
Bear with me a moment and take part in a bit of holiday whimsy. Close your eyes and think about Christmases past. What do you see?
Until late Thursday night, Virginia Tech #39;s football players were under strict orders from coach Frank Beamer to think, speak and dream only of the University of Maryland.
A former crematory operator pleaded guilty Friday to dumping more than 330 corpses on his property and giving the relatives of the dead cement dust instead of ashes.
About 15 rebels have been killed by Iraqi and US forces over a 24-hour period in Mosul, while the United States plans Friday to further strengthen troops in Iraq.
The UN Secretary General says he is  "encouraged" by the release of several top political prisoners in Burma.
Miami's Dwyane Wade sends the game into overtime with two free throws, and wins it in the extra session with a fading jumper at the buzzer to stun Utah.
PeopleSoft investors keep \$9.2 billion bid in play, but the deal still faces hurdles.
The Anaheim Angels traded troubled outfielder Jose Guillen to the Washington-bound Expos for outfielder Juan Rivera and prospect Maicer Izturis yesterday.
State titles were common for the Walpole field hockey teams of the 1990s, and now that prize has returned to Common Street.
Top-ranked Boston College dominated the first two periods, but Providence came on in the third and emerged with a 2-2 tie at Schneider Arena last night.
The announcement Thursday that William Perez was leaving SC Johnson to take over as CEO of Nike Inc. surprised the business world.
EMI, home to artists such as Robbie Williams, Radiohead and Norah Jones, reported explosive growth in digital music sales yesterday and said it was winning the battle against piracy.
A former crematory operator pleaded guilty yesterday to dumping more than 330 corpses on his property and giving the relatives of the dead cement dust instead of ashes.
In a burgeoning political and engineering scandal, Boston #39;s gleaming new underground Interstate 93 is riddled with hundreds of leaks.
Colorado Rapids defenders Antonio de la Torre and Jeff Stewart were selected by CD Chivas USA in the MLS expansion draft on Friday.
The United Nations has put off for this year the question of whether to draft a treaty that would ban all human cloning. Diplomats instead settled on a compromise political declaration.
One of the most popular politicians in the Netherlands said yesterday his country #39;s democracy is under threat and called for rejecting immigration from non-Western nations in 
The Pentagon has identified the following US service members who were killed recently in Iraq:
E-mail records show Air Force Secretary James G. Roche put pressure on opponents of a plan to lease Boeing 767 tanker aircraft.
Massachusetts gained nearly 4,000 payroll jobs last month while the jobless rate held steady after hitting a three-year low in September, the state reported yesterday.
First, Vioxx was pulled from the market. Now attention turns to five other drugs, which deserve scrutiny, a Food and Drug Administration scientist warned Congress this week.
Through the World Community Grid, your computer could help address the world's health and social problems.
AP - The New England Patriots have an extra week to study their next opponent  #151; whoever that might be.
AP - Annika Sorenstam felt as if she had hit a wall in the ADT championship.
AP - Kurt Busch came to Homestead-Miami Speedway with more in mind than just winning the NASCAR Nextel Cup championship.
AP - An earthquake shook people awake in the Costa Rican capital early Saturday, where leaders of 21 nations had gathered for a summit meeting.
A dissident who led the 1988 student protests in Burma is freed, as part of a release of 4,000 prisoners.
com Staff  December 4, 2004. US Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) said yesterday that he will introduce legislation for mandatory drug testing of athletes if major league baseball players and owners do 
Up to 10 people are killed in air strikes on rebels in the southern island of Mindanao.
Malaysia's express bus fleet could be taken off the roads for speeding and ignoring fines, the government says.
Glenn McGrath's maiden Test fifty takes Australia to 564-9 against New Zealand, ahead by 211 runs.
EMI shares surged 15 per cent yesterday after the record company unveiled weaker interim profits and revenues but gave a robust outlook on the back of impending releases from artists including the Rolling Stones and Coldplay.
Monkey stem cells can repair the brain damage caused by Parkinson's disease, researchers have shown.
Nasa celebrates the first year on Mars of its Spirit rover and says the vehicle can go on working for some time.
A massive eagle which became extinct five centuries ago was once New Zealand's chief predator, scientists believe.
Faced with polarizing division in the General Assembly, the U.S. abandoned its attempt to obtain a treaty banning all human cloning.
The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase Friday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company #39;s 
Netscape is partially responsible for the beginning of another browser (the programme you log on to the internet with) battlethe fledgling Firefox vs the mighty Microsoft.
AP - When safety Ryan Gutierrez first arrived at California, Stanford ruled the Big Game. It wasn't that long ago, but it certainly seems like ancient history now.
US space agency Nasa celebrates the first year on Mars of its Spirit robot rover vehicle.
Jim Boeheim rarely leaves the Syracuse area early in the season. This trip to New York was well worth it. The fifth-ranked Orange beat No.
Fed-up fans at the Air Canada Centre yesterday treated Vince Carter as if the trade was already a done deal. SUPERSONICS 101 RAPTORS 94.
The outlook for the US economy in the coming quarters is favourable despite a continued fall in personal savings, US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was quoted as saying on Saturday.
Beginning a season of high expectations, No. 3 Georgia Tech clamped down on Alabama State and pulled away in the second half for a 74-37 victory Friday night.
The federal judge overseeing US Airways #39; bankruptcy petition is reconsidering his decision to allow the airline to cut wages for flight attendants by 21 percent for four months.
AP - When a hail of bullets hit the car in which Jinan Adnan and her family were riding, she followed her maternal instincts  #151; and paid with her life.
The Palestinian prime minister promised today to make public the cause of Yasser Arafats death as an emissary was sent to Paris to pick up his medical records.
The jingling bells, smiling face and clanking red kettle have become as much a signature to the approach of Christmas as shopping-mall Santas.
Second-seeded Andy Roddick has predicted a thrilling contest when he takes on Lleyton Hewitt in the semi-final of the Masters Cup in Houston.
Congress acted yesterday to block state and local governments from taxing connections that link consumers to the Internet for the next three years.
Recently, TV news reported that the Target chain of retail stores has decided to ban the Salvation Army from the annual kettle collection at its stores, beginning this Christmas season.
The struggle over the fate of two aging elephants at the Detroit Zoo might move to a new battleground, the zoo director said Friday.
SEATTLE -- For people trying to get their aging parents on the Web so they can read e-mail and get digital photos of the family, Microsoft Corp.
After some years on the drawing board, Japanese mobile giant NTT DoCoMo has announced its work on a common platform for 3G phones has come to fruition.
NBA officials stopped a game between the Indiana Pacers and the Detroit Pistons with about 45 seconds left to play late Friday after a brawl broke out between players and fans in Detroit.
The United States, Germany and other G7 nations agreed on Saturday to write off up to 80 percent of Iraq #39;s \$120 billion foreign debt in a move that could 
Palestinian officials are urging Israel to curb military operations as they begin to register candidates to run in an election to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian Authority president.
THE CRIME: A car bomb killed a prosecutor preparing a case against nearly 400 people who backed a 2002 coup attempt to oust President Hugo Chavez.
African leaders have signed a UN-backed peace framework for the Great Lakes region, but quickly admitted it might be difficult to implement amid ethnic violence, poverty and political mistrust.
Some members of the Paris Club of creditor nations agree to forgive 80 of Iraq's debt at the G20 summit in Berlin.
Verizon SuperPages.com said Friday it has teamed up with eBay and Shopping.com for the rollout of new shopping tools on its online Yellow Pages site.
AP - A Polish woman who was abducted last month from her apartment in Baghdad has been freed, the Polish prime minister said Saturday.
Some of Elvis Presley's earliest recordings - including takes of All Shook Up - go under the hammer on Sunday.
Presidents of the Great Lakes region in Africa have signed a declaration designed bring peace to the region.
MG Rover is about to seal a 1bn agreement to help build 200,000 cars a year in China.
Andrew Hall steers South Africa to 230-4 on day one of the first Test against India.
The fossil gives us a missing link, not directly between humans and an apelike ancestor, but between great apes and lesser apes such as gibbons.
A Texas-based Web site is promising hunters worldwide the chance to shoot deer and antelope with the click of a mouse. At live-shot.
Hooded anti-American marchers protesting an Asia-Pacific summit in Chile Friday hurled Molotov cocktails and stones at police who retaliated with water cannons and tear gas.
WARSAW, Poland - A Polish woman who was abducted last month from her apartment in Baghdad has been freed, the Polish prime minister said Saturday.
Finance ministers and central bank chiefs from the world #39;s 20 biggest economies voiced concern on Saturday over sudden currency swings, venturing for the 
Andrew Hall #39;s unbeaten knock of 78 helped South Africa make a fine start in their two-Test series against India at the Green Park Stadium in Kanpur on Saturday.
Sunni Muslims expressed outrage Saturday over an assault by Iraqi National Guard troops, backed by US soldiers, on their most revered mosque in Baghdad.
The International Red Cross is  quot;deeply concerned quot; at the impact of the fighting in Iraq and the apparent failures by all sides to respect humanitarian laws.
Phil Knight is finally letting go. He officially announced his resignation as CEO and president of the world #39;s largest sneaker company on Nov. 18.
The US Senate approved modifications to the Internet Tax Non-Discrimination Act Friday, clearing the way for House passage of the bill that would prevent taxing online purchases.
Google Inc. co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each plan to sell up to 7.2 million shares of their stock in the online search engine leader during the next 18 months 
Finance ministers and central bankers of the Group of 20 countries (G20) kicked off a two-day meeting here Saturday to assess the current economic situation and global growth prospects.
The US government is making it easier for airports that want to replace federal baggage and passenger screeners with privately employed workers.
Reuters - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a\militant group since October has been freed and said on\Saturday her captors had treated her well.
German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said on Saturday that the Paris Club had reached a framework agreement to forgive 80 percent of Iraqi debt.
Israel #39;s top general announced Friday that the military would investigate allegations that soldiers abused the bodies of Palestinians killed during army operations, including 
While in Frankfurt, Germany yesterday, US Federal Reserve (Fed) Chairman Alan Greenspan warned that the US foreign trade deficit could negatively effect the country #39;s economy.
 WARSAW (Reuters) - A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq by a  militant group since October has been freed and said on  Saturday her captors had treated her well.
AP - For scientists at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, the world's most powerful earthquake happened below the wrong ocean.
Reuters - Ukraine prepared Saturday for a knife-edge\presidential election amid threats by the opposition contender\to launch street protests if he is denied the leadership by\cheating.
Ramallah - The race to succeed the late Yasser Arafat as Palestinian leader formally kicked off on Saturday, with the opening of the registration period for potential presidential candidates.
Just when you thought it was safe to drive through downtown Boston again comes word that the Interstate 93 tunnel leading under the city is full of leaks.
World News: Washington, Nov 19 : Google has now launched a new search engine, Google Scholar which can exclusively search for academic texts and scientific articles, instead of web pages.
Madrid - Spanish football coach Luis Aragones faces a disciplinary hearing as the row into racism within Spanish football rumbles on, AS sports daily reported on Saturday.
DESTINY #39;s child Michael Clarke hammered New Zealand but batting bunny Glenn McGrath received a guard of honour for breaking Kiwi hearts in Brisbane yesterday.
AFP - Three British nationals were killed in one of two car bomb explosions in Baghdad, the Foreign Office in London and a US security firm said.
Reuters - Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas called\Israel "the Zionist enemy" Tuesday, unprecedented language for\the relative moderate who is expected to succeed Yasser Arafat.
US President George W Bush and Chinese President Hu Jintao have agreed to push for a diplomatic end to the crisis over North Korea #39;s nuclear programs.
Germany #39;s Finance Minister Hans Eichel said Saturday he and US Treasury Secretary John Snow had agreed on a proposal to write off as much as 80 percent of 
Nasa launches the Swift observatory to study gamma-ray bursts - the biggest explosions since the Big Bang.
A study suggests more than 800 cancer cases in northern Sweden may be caused by the Chernobyl disaster.
So-called a la carte pricing in the US pay television service industry would not lower most consumers #39; bills, the Federal Communications Commission reports.
The fastest-aiming space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions that astronomers 
Intel Corporation signed a cross-licensing agreement with Nvidia Corporation, which allows Nvidia to make and sell chipsets for Intel Processor powered computers.
There is a disagreement concerning the future of two elephants at the Detroit Zoo: a sanctuary or the Columbus Zoo. The American Zoo and Aquarium Association in Washington has 
Microsoft on Friday released a new preview of the presentation subsystem of its upcoming Longhorn version of Windows. The Redmond, Wash.
Sergio Garcia and Miguel Angel Jimenez of Spain came from six strokes behind to take the lead in the WGC World Cup third round on Saturday.
Santiago: US President George W Bush sharply warned Iran about reports that the Islamic republic has accelerated production of uranium material that could be used to make nuclear weapons.
A Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq last month has been freed and flown to Poland and said she was treated well, raising hopes for other foreign hostages.
AFP - A Polish woman hostage abducted in Iraq more than three weeks ago was back home after being released by her captors who she said had treated her well.
AFP - Fifteen African presidents and UN chief Kofi Annan signed a common declaration pledging to promote peace and security in the continent's volatile Great Lakes region.
AP - Breaking a monthslong deadlock, key congressional negotiators reported agreement Saturday on legislation to overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies along lines recommended by the Sept. 11 commission.
A study suggests more than 800 cancer cases in northern Sweden may be caused by the Chernobyl disaster.
Drug companies are fighting most of the state initiatives, which they say will deny patients access to valuable treatments.
Lawmakers returned to the Capitol on Saturday in a mad dash to finish up their legislative business for the year.
Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen had 24 last night to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to their ninth straight victory, 101-94 over the host Toronto Raptors.
Iraq #39;s main creditors at the Paris Club have reached an agreement to cancel 80 percent of the debt owed to them by Baghdad, a Paris Club source said Saturday.
November 20 2004 1645CET- Teresa Borcz Khalifa , the 54-year-old Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq was freed and flown back to Warsaw.
The Israeli Army has ordered an investigation into allegations that soldiers in the West Bank photographed each other two years ago posing with the head of a suicide 
The Kmart purchase of Sears, Roebuck may be the ultimate expression of that old saying in real estate: location, location, location.
BAGHDAD - A 54-year-old Polish-born woman who was taken hostage in Iraq last month has been freed, according to Poland #39;s prime minister.
I was dying to ask. How on earth do you survive 13 full years playing for, arguably, the most demanding manager this country has ever seen?
With the threat of a tightening economic squeeze and military probes by Washington hanging over its head, the Iranian government agreed November 14 to suspend all uranium enrichment activity 
Reuters - When the going gets tough at the\stores this holiday season, the tough go shopping online. When\life gets really tough, there's online therapy.
AFP - After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corp has taken control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft.
AP - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice returned home Saturday after a one-night hospital stay where she was treated for noncancerous growths in her uterus.
An Afghan man is sentenced to death for killing four journalists - three of them foreign - in 2001.
AFP - Chelsea's drive to claim the club's first English title in half a century gathered pace as Newcastle were blown away by four memorable late goals at Stamford Bridge.
A close-up chronicle of the most sustained period of street-to-street fighting that Americans have encountered since the Vietnam War.
 WARSAW (Reuters) - A Polish woman kidnapped in Iraq last  month has been freed and flown to Poland and said she was  treated well, raising hopes for other foreign hostages.
Credit card companies are changing the terms of their accounts at a historically high rate, costing Americans millions of dollars in fees that they did not expect.
Glasgow, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic jumped back to the top of the Scottish Premier League table with a 2-1 win over Hibernian at Celtic Park.
CARLOS Queiroz believes that the Spanish crowd #39;s racist chants sparked off the ugly scenes on the field between Spain and England.
The Chicago Cubs on Saturday re-signed veteran pitcher Glendon Rusch to a two-year contract. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Functional MRI is helping researchers reveal how the human brain operates and the ways in which it affects emotion and reason. By Rowan Hooper.
Internet users will not have to pay a tax for their connection service after Congress passes legislation blocking local governments from charging such a levy.
WASHINGTON, Nov 20 (AFP) - NASA launched Saturday its Swift satellite, which will track huge explosions of gamma rays, the US space agency said.
Although the next version of Windows is still about two years from release, Microsoft on Friday offered developers an early look at the new graphics engine that will accompany it.
AFP - US army chief General Richard Myers said in an interview that civil war could erupt in Iraq after forthcoming elections.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - The National Basketball Association  suspended four players on Saturday, one day after one of the  worst brawls in North American pro sports history.
Chinese carmaker SAIC is set to control a crucial joint venture with MG Rover under terms of a cooperation deal expected to win approval from Beijing early next year, MG Rover says.
A swirling space observatory has been launched to scan the universe for explosions that some believe are the birth of black holes.
Paying passengers would be able to blast into space aboard privately operated rocket ships under legislation the House passed Saturday.
Software Giant Microsoft released a community technology preview of the next generation presentation subsystem of their upcoming operating system Longhorn.
You heard it on the broadcast over and over again: Wheres the security? Wheres the security?. It was a great question.
Germany has unveiled an international plan to wipe out tens of billions of dollars of Iraqi debt so that the war-torn country can rebuild in earnest.
The NBA indefinitely suspends Ron Artest, Jermaine O'Neal and Stephen Jackson of Indiana and Ben Wallace of Detroit on Saturday for their roles in a brawl Friday night.
Kurt Busch has been doing everything right in his bid for his first Nextel Cup championship. He now has one big hurdle to clear entering Sunday #39;s Ford 400.
KANPUR: A masterstroke. Thats what everybody would term the South African think-tanks decision to open the innings with a makeshift opener.
AP - Joe Paterno ended his 39th season at Penn State as a winner.
AFP - The National Basketball Association suspended Indiana's Ron Artest and three others following an ugly skirmish where Pacer players fought with Detroit fans.
Quarterback Troy Smith ran for 145 yards as the Buckeyes upset the Wolverines, who might have also lost a return visit to the Rose Bowl.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's biotech sector may finally be  on the road to a sustained recovery after a series of  short-lived remissions.
&lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; Can collective database licensing cure this tragedy of the commons?
Oracle proclaimed a symbolic victory Saturday after 61 percent of PeopleSoft stockholders accepted its \$9.2 billion takeover offer.
One of the holiday #39;s season most well-known sounds is back, but some stores are limiting where Salvation Army volunteers can ring their bells.
HOMESTEAD, Fla. - One might not think a disastrous qualifying effort alone could erase the momentum created by four victories in five weeks.
AP - Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a  #36;22.5 million, three-year contract.
Ukraine's outgoing president warns against disorder ahead of a close election to choose his successor.
Kalamazoo-area Kmart customers say that store #39;s merger with Sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart.
Here is a look at the series of events in the brawl Friday night involving the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and fans at The Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich.
When the chanting mob descended on the strip mall that Jean Bobue Nguessam is paid to guard, he stood his ground, though not out of courage.
A former crematory operator in Georgia has pleaded guilty to dumping 334 bodies and giving the families cement dust instead of ashes.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is convinced Paul Scholes has turned the corner after he scored in yesterday #39;s 2-0 win over Charlton.
Kris Benson and the New York Mets completed more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a \$22.5 million, three-year contract.
RAMALLAH, West Bank - Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia condemned Israel Saturday, saying their continued military raids were hampering efforts to restart the peace process.
An Afghan man was sentenced to death in a Kabul court on Saturday for his part in the killing of three foreign journalists and an Afghan photographer in 
The new 10-race playoff instituted this season has done all that Nascar officials had hoped, turning the droning fall stretch into a manic scramble.
BELGRADE -- Saturday - Serbian government officials called an extraordinary meeting today to discuss the appointment of Ramus Haradinaj as Prime Minister of Kosovo.
The perimeter-conscious (and unconscious) Seattle SuperSonics are off to their best start since the 1993-94 season.
Alan Greenspan came to the home of the euro on Friday and suggested that the relentless decline of the dollar might well continue, offering little relief to those here 
Andrew Hall and Boeta Dippenaar built a solid fifth-wicket partnership to leave the first Test in Kanpur evenly balanced at the close on day one.
In simultaneous blasts, insurgents detonated two car bombs Saturday at a police station near the fortified headquarters of the US Embassy and interim Iraqi 
This is the 10th game, after all, and their start had nothing to do with their 101-94 victory over the Raptors in Toronto last night at Air Canada Centre.
I wasn #39;t terribly upset about the  quot;Monday Night Football quot; spectacle featuring Eagles receiver Terrell Owens and a towel-clad Nicollette Sheridan.
AP - Reaction from around the NBA to Friday night's brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons:
Burma #39;s military dictators have freed a top dissident - second only to democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi - after 16 years in jail.
Kris Benson and the New York Mets complete more than three months of negotiations, agreeing Saturday to a \$22.5 million, three-year contract.
AP - To O.J. Simpson, the lure of seeing his alma mater play so close to home in this Orange Bowl was impossible to turn down.
SYRACUSE, NY - The world #39;s oldest man, according to Guinness World Records, has died less than two weeks before he would have turned 114.
THE International Red Cross has condemned all sides in the Iraq conflict for failing to respect humanitarian laws. In Geneva, its operations director Pierre Kraehenbuehl stressed that international humanitarian 
Farewell, at last, to tallyho. After seven years of angry debate, frustrated motions and legislative maneuvering, Britain #39;s Parliament finally approved a ban on fox hunting 
Canadian Press - (CP) - President George W. Bush offered Saturday to throw his administration's full weight behind reopening the border to Canadian beef within several months.
The Buckeyes stunned the No. 7 Wolverines, who still will go to Pasadena because they defeated co-Big Ten Champion Iowa on Sept 25.
as well as its most-loathed - cars, Rover yesterday confirmed a takeover deal by a Chinese state-owned company that marks 
A US lawsuit brought by a company backed by rock group U2 is threatening to reopen old legal wounds for Microsoft. Californian technology company Burst.
Ecumenical News International After 21 years in a war that has taken as many as 2 million lives and forced the displacement of about 5 million people, the Sudanese government and the leader 
AP - Congress plans to make it a little easier for hospitals, insurers and other to refuse to provide or cover abortions.
Chelsea beat visiting Newcastle 4-0 at its Stamford Bridge stadium to maintain a five-point lead atop English soccer #39;s Premiership as second-placed Arsenal defeated Birmingham 3-0.
AP - A Peruvian-born, award-winning physicist was named the new director of Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, and he takes the helm at a critical time in energy research.
A core of highly conservative Republicans aligned with the Pentagon moved to block a vote on a bill that would have enacted the recommendations of the 9/11 panel.
US anti-doping officials plan to question Victor Conte after the BALCO head claimed he saw sprinter Marion Jones taking banned drugs, world athletics body the IAAF said Saturday.
Sixty Chinese miners are trapped underground after fire swept through a series of iron mines in northern Hebei Province, Xinhua news agency says.
Paul South entered yesterday's John F. Kennedy 50-Miler with just several months of hard training under his belt following two years when he did little serious running.
A senior Chinese official has urged the United States to take action to stop the slide of the dollar and restore equilibrium to global currency markets, China Radio International reported Saturday.
We can forgive Ireland that they didn #39;t surpass the 70 points England scored against Canada, or the century Scotland put past Japan last week.
A dismal week for Spanish football closed with a proper celebration of some of its better virtues. Or, not so much Spains but a celebration of Catalonias flagship enterprise.
Inspired by a breathtaking performance by Sergio Garcia, Spain took over the lead from England going into today #39;s final round of the World Cup.
The makeshift opener Andrew Hall batted all day for 78 not out as South Africa reached 230 for 4 on the opening day of the First Test against India here.
A Polish woman taken hostage last October in Iraq has been returned to Warsaw, the BBC reported Saturday. Appearing at a press conference alongside Polish Prime Minister Marek 
STRIDING along a beach, surfboard tucked nonchalantly under his arm, the tall wetsuit-clad figure cuts quite a dash as he heads for the waves.
Sweeping plans to reform the US spy network run into trouble after key Republicans in Congress object to the bill.
A US lawmaker marries the daughter of Guatemala's ex-military ruler at a closely-guarded ceremony.
Yukos' main shareholder files a legal complaint to prevent Russia selling off the embattled oil giant's key unit,  reports say.
David Blunkett  says measures to beat terrorism could include special anti-terror courts using phone-taping evidence.
For players with ambitions to develop games, Electronic Arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
The fastest-swiveling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit on Saturday to scan the universe for celestial explosions.
Wide-open spaces, technological glitches and bitter cold all are potential obstacles to plans to track livestock and protect the food supply from disease and bioterrorism.
The US Congress asked the Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday to send lawmakers a report justifying a new rule forcing mutual fund boards to have independent chairmen.
Dell is both profitable and well regarded, thanks to its habit of delivering serviceable but unexciting products at good prices and supporting them well enough to keep buyers coming back.
Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard has told his players they can #39;t afford to relax, despite last night #39;s stunning 3-0 win over Real Madrid.
The Food and Drug Administration remains on the defensive. The agency got grilled on Capitol Hill for the second day in a row about the health risks of several popular prescription drugs.
Insurgents battled American troops in the streets of Baghdad on Saturday, killing a US soldier in an ambush and gunning down four government employees in signals that the 
BEIJING Nov 20, 2004 - A small passenger plane carrying 47 people crashed Sunday in northern China, and the government said there likely were no survivors.
Several people are killed in new clashes between Iraqi and US troops and insurgents in the capital, Baghdad.
The tone was light, but the dapper comedian #39;s words were sobering as he outlined his vision for regime change in leftist Venezuela.
The clinical psychologist from Saginaw, Mich., convinced his favorite wineries, tiny California operations, to ship him a precious few bottles each year.
The US Fish and Wildlife Service has recommended against listing the greater sage grouse as a threatened or endangered species, the agency announced Friday.
A veteran Food and Drug Administration safety officer said yesterday at a Senate hearing on the abrupt recall of the arthritis drug Vioxx that five other widely used drugs should either be 
Federal regulators took issue Friday with consumer groups that contend that allowing cable television subscribers to pay only for channels they want would lower consumers #39; cable bills.
JAMMU, India, Nov. 20 -- India pulled about 3,000 troops out of Kashmir Saturday in a planned withdrawal of army units from the disputed region, Indian officials said.
The Prince of Wales is to defend himself publicly after being accused of being  quot;old fashioned quot; over modern teaching methods.
AP - U.S. military review tribunals have ordered five more prisoners to remain held as enemy combatants in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a Navy official said Saturday.
KABUL : An Afghan court sentenced a man to death for killing three foreign journalists and their Afghan colleague shortly after the fall of the hardline Taliban regime in 2001.
The home secretary is to spell out proposals for more far-reaching measures to tackle terrorism, amid fears of an al-Qaeda attack on Britain.
Trailing at halftime to an overmatched foe, George Washington finally gets in a groove in the second half and puts away Morgan State, 94-70, on Saturday.
Jessalyn Deveny, Clare Droesch and Brooke Queenan team for 55 points as No. 18 Boston College beats Western Michigan, 71-50.
With some luck, Maryland's women's basketball team could make a big splash nationally this year after several down seasons.
Delaware State scores on a 73-yard punt return and a 25-yard interception return and defeats Howard, 32-13, Saturday at Greene Stadium.
Larry Hughes scores 10 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter to lead the Wizards over the woeful Nets, 97-86, on Saturday night.
NASA has launched a new space observatory to hunt down and study the most powerful explosions seen in the Universe since the Big Bang itself.
Eddie Griffin scored 23 points and Kevin Garnett had 20 despite a shoulder injury to lift Minnesota over winless New Orleans (0-8).
A China Eastern plane carrying more than 50 passengers and crew has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia and all are feared dead, state media says.
Russian tax authorities yesterday scheduled the equivalent of a fire sale at what was once the nation #39;s largest oil company, offering the main production facility at Yukos Oil 
Alan Thompson and Chris Sutton saw red as Rangers narrowed the gap to one point at the top of the SPL by winning a stormy Old Firm derby.
Washington Wizards forward Antawn Jamison hit a jumper from the right corner late in the fourth quarter and lightly tapped his right fist against his chest.
Palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace Yasser Arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long-time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the January 9 ballot.
An explosion leveled a two-story apartment building in southern Italy early Saturday, killing eight residents and injuring six others, and firefighters were investigating whether a gas leak was to blame.
Home Secretary David Blunkett has signalled that a third term Labour government would impose sweeping new anti-terror laws amid fears of an al Qaida attack on Britain.
The billionaire investor is on the cusp of becoming a major presence in Washington with ambitious plans for D.C. United and new ownership of Journal Newspapers Inc.
If you're planning a spring or summer wedding, you're probably sweating the details now.
The Buckeyes stunned the No. 7 Wolverines, who still get to go to Pasadena because they defeated co-Big Ten Champion Iowa, 30-17, on Sept 25.
Debuts are rarely pretty, especially for rookies such as quarterback Eli Manning, who will make his first start for the Giants on Sunday, against the Atlanta Falcons.
Barcelona moved seven points clear at the top of the Spanish League on Saturday following a three-nil victory at home to second-placed Real Madrid.
The Nov. 17 announcement that Kmart would be attempting to acquire Sears stores in a \$11 billion deal sent shockwaves throughout the financial world.
The fact that racism in European soccer is not a dead issue became painfully obvious in Spain during the past week, with members of both England #39;s full international 
AP - Alley Broussard ran for a school-record 250 yards with three touchdowns and No. 14 LSU rallied to beat Mississippi 27-24 Saturday night.
More than ever, today's consumers need to plan and research their tech purchases to make sure the parts of their digital dream home will actually work together.
The locally focused Web marketplace made its official debut last week, offering "free for life" storefronts to sellers and the ability to list anything for sale at no cost.
BRITAINS only remaining mass market car maker seemed certain last night to pass into foreign control after MG Rover admitted merger talks with a Chinese firm were at an advanced stage.
Ryan Gomes scored 24 points and grabbed 15 rebounds last night, leading Providence (9-4) to a 79-63 win over Brown (6-6).
Limited to just six players because of suspensions and injuries, the Pacers take the Magic to the final moments before dropping a 86-83 decision on Saturday.
Reserve Eddie Griffin converts 10 of 14 shots for 23 points as the Minnesota Timberwolves deal the winless New Orleans Hornets another setback, 99-94.
When shock jock Howard Stern swooped into Sirius Satellite Radio, he was greeted like a conquering hero. Last month, a week after he announced on his popular morning radio show 
Alan Greenspan, Federal Reserve chairman, yesterday gave the dollar a further push lower as he said the huge US current account deficit threatened to scare off foreign investors.
Dodge Ball, the game in which children try to avoid getting hit by a rubber ball, may seem to have nothing in common with the business of developing medicines.
Six-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has already shown he can dominate the world of cycling. Now the cancer survivor is setting his sights on the world of charitable giving.
Q: What are the rules regarding hand shakes in business situations? Should men stand when shaking hands with each other? And are women required to shake hands?
It's safe to say most people would prefer to never have to see a bankruptcy attorney or judge.
Michael Foster is so fascinated by Metro trains that he knows how to identify different models of the cars. So it came as no surprise to his mother when he asked to kick off the weekend 
AP - Tiger Woods shot a 3-under 67 Sunday to win the Dunlop Phoenix by eight strokes for his first title since February and first ever in Japan.
Microsoft has been forced to fight for its lucrative Asian market, following government agreements to switch to other open-source software.
it #39;s said that they were all there -- looked invisible to me. I do not agree with the suspensions being indefinite, 10 games 
Ricky Ponting hailed two outstanding days of pressure cricket for delivering one of Australia #39;s biggest Test victories over New Zealand, inside four days at the Gabba in Brisbane.
The 102nd gridiron meeting between archival Clemson and South Carolina will certainly be remembered, that #39;s for sure, but unfortunately, for all the wrong reasons.
A rainy Saturday afternoon belonged to hopeful Alabama fans, but once again, the blue and orange of Auburn owned Bryant-Denny Stadium by nightfall.
Sugar Shane Mosley made all of the necessary adjustments from the first fight, but still managed to come up short as consensus junior middleweight champion Ronald Winky Wright earned 
A China Eastern commuter plane has crashed into a frozen lake seconds after takeoff in Inner Mongolia, killing all 53 passengers and crew, state media have said.
AP - Both of Washington's potential new governors have experienced the uncomfortable sensation of reading their own political obituaries.
Kanpur: Andrew Hall got a maiden Test century as South Africa made steady progress, frustrating India on the second day of the first Test at the Green Park Stadium on Sunday.
Eli Manning is behind schedule compared to his brother, Peyton, who set the family #39;s standard for rookie quarterbacks in 1998 with the Indianapolis Colts.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. Kmart #39;s pending acquisition of Sears has a number of suppliers wondering how it will affect their business.
There were times when Fred Hale Sr. #39;s loved ones wondered if he might just live forever. Nothing seemed to stop Hale, the oldest man in the world.
Palestinians began registering candidates yesterday for a presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, while officials warned that 
The Yad Vashem museum in Jerusalem has assembled the names and biographies of Jewish victims of the Holocaust, and it will make the information available online.
A Pennsylvania school district Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and teach what critics say is a version of creationism.
WASHINGTON -- A flight from Paris bound for Dulles International Airport was diverted Saturday night after US Customs officials detained two passengers aboard, officials said.
AFP - Eurozone figures to be released this week should show business confidence beginning to slide again owing to concern over slowing growth and the strong euro, economists said.
The fastest-swivelling space science observatory ever built rocketed into orbit on Saturday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions.
MADRID, Spain  Barcelona moved further ahead in the Spanish league by beating rival Real Madrid 3-0 Saturday in the country #39;s biggest match.
Talk throughout Staples Center on Saturday, as the Clippers lost to the Houston Rockets, centered around Friday night #39;s melee in Auburn Hills, Mich.
NASCAR points leader Kurt Busch is all smiles as he walks back to his garage after winning the pole position on Friday at the Homestead Miami International Speedway in Homestead, Fla.
SIR Alex Ferguson has predicted Paul Scholes will end the season in double figures after finally breaking a 20-game goal drought at Old Trafford this afternoon.
Troy Smith barely got on the field for Ohio State this season. After the Buckeyes #39; biggest game of the year, he had trouble getting off of it.
UCLA freshman Jordan Farmar gave fans a preview of his playmaking skills with a no-look, crosscourt pass to Ryan Hollins for a dunk late in the second half.
The following activities will take place in the area this week. Events are listed as space allows.
AFP - Ukrainians voted for a new president in a bitterly-fought runoff election that will determine whether this strategic former Soviet republic turns toward Europe or remains in Moscow's orbit.
AFP - US President George W. Bush told visiting Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf he would make the creation of a Palestinian state a central priority of his second term in office.
Coach Dick Vermeil stands alone in his office, anxiously looking one last time at the play list he has scripted for his Monday night game against Indianapolis.
The Giants reached the midway point of their season a week ago, but in reality they really start a new season today. Today is Day 1 of the Eli Manning Era, the day 
Insurgents fought US troops in running street battles in the capital Saturday, assassinated three Iraqi officials and their driver, and detonated a car bomb in Baghdad #39;s Liberation 
The Toyota Prius has been voted 2005 Car of the Year by the 58 members of the European Car of the Year Jury, it was announced last Monday.
KANPUR: Andrew Halls unbeaten knock of 78 helped South Africa make a fine start in their two-Test series against India at the Green Park Stadium here on Saturday.
Playoffs? Who needs playoffs? And isn't that ironic in another season when the "P-word" was again front and center in a Bowl Championship Series controversy?
Israeli army arrested six Palestinians in the West Bank, Palestinian security sources and witnesses said Saturday. The sources said Israeli army arrested three residents and 
The Salvation Army workers and volunteers who attract shoppers outside stores with their dinging bells have long been one of the more reliable sights and sounds of the holiday shopping season.
 PERTH (Reuters) - James Blake put a nightmare year behind  him Tuesday, helping the U.S. make a winning start to their  defense of the Hopman Cup.
The record-setting speed by the X-43A experimental scramjet engine on Tuesday marked the final operational mission for NASA #39;s B-52B test aircraft.
Tiger Woods picked up his first strokeplay title of a difficult year when he romped to an eight-shot victory at the Japanese tour event in Miyazaki.
It was much closer than the first time, but the result was the same when Winky Wright and Shane Mosley left the ring at the Mandalay Bay Event Center last night.
More than a quarter of Iraq #39;s foreign debt burden could be forgiven after a framework agreement was reached by two of the country #39;s main creditors.
Israel has said it would consider any formal request to pull troops away from West Bank cities to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election, ahead of a visit by US Secretary of State Colin Powell.
Nine Chinese miners have been killed and 57 trapped underground after fire swept through a series of iron mines in the northern province of Hebei, Xinhua news agency has reported.
\The southern Chinese city of Guangzhou abandons a plan to build the world's tallest building.
ROYAL OAK, Mich. The Detroit Zoo is considering what to do with two elderly elephants after its efforts to move the elephants to a sanctuary were rebuffed.
The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
In Half-Life 2, players take up arms against an Orwellian society where unseen masters lord over oppressed humans who have no choice but to submit and comply.
The government of France illegally attacked Ivory Coast and the UN Security Council sanctioned the illegal action with the adoption of Resolution 1572 on Monday, in what appears to be an imperial 
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Auburn's stars rescued the Tigers' national championship hopes with a stellar second half.
SALT LAKE CITY -- The University of Utah football team still must wait another few weeks, but the time will be marked by anticipation rather than apprehension.
The best offense in the first half of yesterday's Harvard-Yale game was the Crimson defense.
LAS VEGAS -- Too big. That's what it came down to last night for Shane Mosley.
The attempted suicide in front of the White House by a Yemeni national put the secretive world of FBI informants under a rare spotlight.
A combined PC, telephone and television is being used in aid projects in India.
CONVENED in the wake of the crisis over Iraq, a UN high level panel appointed by Secretary General Kofi Annan Thursday delivered a historic report that leaves 
AP - Iraq's Electoral Commission on Sunday said that national elections will be held Jan. 30.
his third of the week dominated by Eli-mania - someone at last asked Tom Coughlin about a matter largely lost in the hysteria: the standings.
A fire at a market in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka,  kills one and destroys about 1,800 shops.
Fifa boss Sepp Blatter says he would have backed England's players if they had walked off against Spain.
More than 35 Enquirer readers have called or e-mailed comments about the five drugs that were criticized Thursday by an expert with the US Food and Drug Administration.
The tsunami triggered by a massive undersea earthquake Dec. 26 not only washed away thousands of people living on India's coastlines, it may have also permanently altered its geography.
With BlackBerry pagers and Treo smartphones all the rage, why would anyone need -- or even want -- a pedestrian personal digital assistant?
 LONDON (Reuters) - Britain, with United States backing,  called on Tuesday for a freeze on foreign debts owed by the  countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster.
The Tories will stand up for the "forgotten majority", says Michael Howard as he unveils the Tory election manifesto.
Skipper Ricky Ponting makes a double century as Australia continue to dominate the third Test against Pakistan.
Nintendo believes that when it comes to video games, your fingers want to touch as much as twitch and that two really is better than one.
Firing his father led to a better performance for Shane Mosley against Winky Wright in their fight for the undisputed super welterweight championship Saturday at Mandalay Bay.
JASON ROBINSON: The England captain boycotted the media all week but did his talking on the pitch as South Africa were comfortably dispatched.
KABUL: An Afghan man was found guilty on Saturday of killing four journalists in 2001, including two from Reuters, and sentenced to death.
Education Secretary Charles Clarke today tried to end the row over the Prince of Waless controversial memo by praising his commitment to developing peoples ambition.
COLOMBO: Sri Lanka stepped up security in the capital Colombo on Saturday as police launched an investigation into the slaying of a judge and his bodyguard, officials said.
It seems that England simply cannot escape controversy. But on Wednesday night in Madrid it was their opponents, rather than themselves, that were dragged through the mire as racist chants directed at England 
I know you don #39;t care about people like me. Actually, you and the rest of the entertainment history don #39;t care about people, period.
Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard urged caution following an emphatic 3-0 victory over Real Madrid, maintaining the Spanish league title race is still far from decided.
Nov. 18--Lockheed Martin has introduced evidence in a civil lawsuit that allegedly demonstrates Boeing Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher knew former Air Force acquisitions officer Darleen Druyun gave Boeing 
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - If retirement fears were  color-coded, they would be somewhere between orange and red  right now.
a 2-1 defeat to Benfica in the 2004 Portuguese Cup Final. That aside, his Porto team won everything they entered: two 
Key creditor nations reportedly approve a plan to slash Iraq's debts, as an election date is announced.
Fred Hale Sr., believed to have been the oldest man on Earth, has died less than a month before his 114th birthday at a DeWitt, NY, nursing home.
Fifa boss Sepp Blatter has admitted he would have supported England #39;s players if they had walked off in the face of racial abuse against Spain this week.
ISLAMABAD : Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz left on Sunday for a four-day official visit to three South Asian member countries for talks on regional and bilateral matters.
JERUSALEM Palestinian leaders have outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to help ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.
Reuters - If retirement fears were\color-coded, they would be somewhere between orange and red\right now.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - When corporate guests ask for  something, smart hotel managers get it.
Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.
THE odds are stacked heavily against Lleyton Hewitt but the Australian has incentives aplenty when he faces world No. 1 Roger Federer in the Masters Cup final in Houston today.
AP - Authorities are investigating whether a suspect in the kidnapping of three U.N. workers was tortured before he died in police custody, an official said Sunday.
Human activity has at least doubled the risk of heat waves like the one in 2003 that killed thousands in Europe, researchers conclude in a study being published today in the scientific journal Nature.
A Bahrain court sentences a human rights activist to one year in jail for inciting hatred against the state.
A Kabul, Afghanistan, court has sentenced 29-year-old Reza Khan to death for killing four journalists in 2001. Khan was convicted of killing Australian television cameraman 
Australia #39;s Jason Gillespie celebrates after reaching his first Test half-century against New Zealand during day four of the first Test in Brisbane, on Sunday.
South Africa all-rounder Andrew Hall warned India they should be under no illusions that the tourists are fully focused on a positive result in Kanpur.
Russia has not agreed to a German-US proposal that would forgive up to 80 percent of Iraq #39;s foreign debt, according to German Finance Minister Hans Eichel.
Prince Charles will hit back on Monday at government accusations that he is old-fashioned and out of touch in his views on ordinary people #39;s aspirations.
London: Britain is considering sweeping new anti-terrorism laws including special courts to try terror suspects without a jury, Home Secretary David Blunkett said in an interview Sunday.
The Chrysler Group of DaimlerChrysler AG was the only domestic car company that gained ground during November, marking its eighth straight month of US vehicle sales increases.
TREASURER Peter Costello will chair the 2006 meeting of the Group of 20, which brings together the finance ministers and central bankers from the leading industrial and developing nations.
THE fastest-swivelling space science observatory rocketed into orbit yesterday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions, which astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes.
Charlie Hodgson hopes to give England coach Andy Robinson a selection headache when World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson returns to fitness.
A strong earthquake rocked Costa Rica during the weekend, killing eight people and shaking the Central American nation during the Ibero-American summit.
Iraq has set a date of 30 January 2005 for its first nationwide election since the toppling of Saddam Hussein. The announcement came from the independent Iraqi electoral commission in Baghdad.
National Basketball Association Commissioner David Stern issued indefinite suspensions Saturday to four of the main protagonists in Friday night #39;s brawl among the Indiana Pacers, the Detroit 
NEWS OF THE WORLD: Ashley Cole last night called on the Spanish FA to axe their shamed coach Luis Aragones and branded him evil #39; #39;.
GRAHAM HENRY admitted he was mentally shattered after coming through an emotional return to Cardiff with his pride intact - but only just.
British Home Secretary David Blunkett on Sunday unveiled proposals for more far-reaching laws to tackle terrorism if the Labor government wins the next election widely expected in May next year.
Power is returning to many residents in the Bay Area this morning with all outages expected to end by 1 pm today, a Pacific Gas and Electric Co.
Currency traders, investors and strategists are more bearish on the dollar than at any time in the past 18 months, a Bloomberg News survey indicates.
Iraq chose Jan. 30 for its first democratic election in decades on Sunday, but violence in Sunni Muslim areas underlined the challenge of holding polls on time.
Curfews for those thought to be thinking about terror
Reuters - The U.S. Senate on Sunday confirmed\Timothy Bitsberger as assistant secretary for financial\markets, the key debt market post in the Treasury Department.
SAN FRANCISCO - Employers agreed to end their lockout of workers at 14 San Francisco hotels and resume negotiations with UNITE HERE!
Peoplesoft rejects a takeover bid from rival Oracle for the sixth time in the last 18 months calling the offer "inadequate".
Nintendo starts its campaign to stop Sony taking over the handheld gaming market with the launch of its new handheld console the Nintendo DS today in the US.
Paul Casey, with another inspired putting display, and Luke Donald have earned England a one-shot victory over home favourites Spain in the WGC-World Cup of Golf.
Ronald Wright used an effective right jab to retain his World Boxing Association and World Boxing Council junior middleweight titles when posting a majority decision over former champion Shane Mosley in Las Vegas yesterday.
The All Blacks coach was also correct when he said Wales were a team worthy of respect. Whether he showed enough with his team selection is debatable but what is beyond dispute is that 
India had pulled about 3000 troops out of Kashmir in a planned withdrawal, officials said yesterday, as the peace process between New Delhi and Islamabad came under strain.
Five rural workers are shot dead in the most violent incident in Brazil's land row since the president took power.
Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams says he "regrets" the Birmingham pub bombings on the 30th anniversary of the attacks.
The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos at an auction on December 19.
Google #39;s (Nasdaq: GOOG) shares slid 3 Thursday as investors worried that the search-engine outfit may not be invincible after all.
There #39;s a common misconception in the world of sports often voiced by beer-toting fans as if it were defensible in a court of law.
India #39;s prime minister has urged militant separatists in the north-east to join negotiations with the federal government and end decades of strife.
AP - Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair returned to the starting lineup Sunday, but running back Chris Brown was inactive against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
AP - Though Congress approved a  #36;1.2 billion subsidy for Amtrak, the money-losing passenger railroad still is careening toward a major disruption in service.
Finance ministers from the Group of 20 rich or emerging countries have wrapped up a two-day summit in Berlin without making explicit reference to the sagging value of the US dollar against the euro.
AP - At first glance, Havana's Chinatown seems a misnomer. Restaurants serve pizza, and actual Chinese are vastly outnumbered by tourists and Hispanics.
Anti-virus protection will ship later this month with some new phones in Japan, a harbinger of cellular threats to come. Security products are already available for handheld 
BORN blind, Mr David Blunkett had to work harder than most to become Home Secretary, which makes him one of the most powerful men in Britain.
The NBA suspended four players indefinitely yesterday for their involvement in one of the worst fights in professional sports history Friday, in which players stormed into the stands and exchanged blows with fans.
STRIKERS Ronaldinho and Ronaldo face each other for the first time in tonight #39;s eagerly anticipated league clash of Spanish giants Barcelona and Real Madrid.
BEIJING : Thirty-three miners were confirmed dead and 61 others were missing after a fire at five iron ore mines in northern China.
At least 10 Nepalese troops are killed in  clashes with rebels who lost 16 of their men, the army says.
AP - A French Finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached deal Sunday to write off 80 percent of the debts Iraq owes them.
Seville, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an eight-under 64 in the alternate-shot format Sunday to win the World Golf Championships - World Cup.
Casey sank the winning putt to beat Spain #39;s Sergio Garcia and Miguel Angel Jimenez by one stroke as England finished with a 31-under-par total of 257.
England have a huge problem: what on Earth are they going to do with Jonny Wilkinson? Their injured World Cup golden boy is expected to return for the Six Nations #39; Championship 
BAGHDAD, Iraq US soldiers have found two more bodies in the Iraqi city of Mosul. The military says at least one of the bodies is that of an Iraqi Army soldier.
 quot;The Electoral Commission set the date of January 30 as the date of the election, quot; spokesman Farid Ayar told Reuters on Sunday.
Description: Senior news analyst NPR #39;s Daniel Schorr contrasts the regulation-happy Federal Communications Commission with the less-active Food and Drug Administration.
AP - The Arizona Cardinals benched quarterback Josh McCown and started Shaun King against the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh today said that he was hoping to resolve all outstanding issues with Pakistan through negotiations.
LOS ANGELES - The lawsuit shareholders have brought against Disney has come to resemble a Hollywood potboiler of betrayed friendships, secret meetings and wounded egos.
AP - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
The US Forest Service, which will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year, is shifting its focus from timber-cutting to recreation and ecological restoration 
THE National Basketball Association suspended four players yesterday in the wake of one of the worst brawls in North American pro sports history.
New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
President Bush was holding one-on-one talks Sunday with leaders of Chile and Mexico. He leaves Santiago Monday to return to Central Texas, where he will spend the remainder of the week.
The British government is facing demands to pump funds into Northern Ireland in a bid to bolster a talks deal if it is struck, Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams said tonight.
AP - Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said Sunday he is not ruling out a run for the 2008 presidential nomination, but that he is not a candidate now.
AP - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis hurt his left ankle in the first quarter Sunday, and backup Musa Smith broke his leg later in the period.
n Overall fourth-quarter retail sales this year are expected to be 6.5 percent higher than last year #39;s -- the biggest increase since 1999.
Reuters - A new video game to be released on\Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of U.S.\President John F. Kennedy.
The US Secretary of State, Colin Powell, has arrived in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv as part of an attempt to revive the Middle East peace process.
Chile is using a Pacific Rim summit to showcase itself as a Latin American model for free trade, democracy and modernity. But grinding poverty just outside the convention 
BRISBANE, November 21: Australia crushed New Zealand by an innings and 156 runs in the first Test at the Gabba on Sunday to retain the Trans-Tasman Trophy.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell has arrived in Israel determined to press both Israeli and Palestinian leaders for a process to enable Palestinians to elect a successor to Yasser Arafat.
The Sudanese government welcomed Sunday the UN Security Council #39;s resolution on Sudan. Sudanese Foreign Minister Mustafa Ismail said the Sudanese cabinet  quot;considered the resolution 
England has held out Spain by one stroke for only its second World Cup victory thanks to magnificent putting from Paul Casey. Casey and partner Luke Donald survived a challenge from Spanish duo Sergio Garcia 
 INDIANAPOLIS, Ind. (Sports Network) - The NCAA announced  the field of 16 teams competing for the 2004 Division I-AA  Football Championship on Sunday.
Reuters - The price of a gallon of gasoline in\the United States fell over the last two weeks during a\seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry\analyst.
Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin stand to pocket over \$1bn each by selling shares in their web search firm.
The price of a gallon of gasoline in the United States fell over the last two weeks during a seasonally slow consumption period, according to an industry analyst.
McLEAN, Va. -- Auburn picked up two more first-place votes but remained third in the latest ESPN/USA Today coaches #39; poll, released Sunday.
British Home Secretary David Blunkett was expected Sunday to reveal proposals for strict anti-terror measures, the BBC reported. The proposals were said to include anti-terror 
Bahrain #39;s King Hamad has pardoned an activist sentenced to one year in jail for inciting hatred against the government, the BBC reported Sunday.
Kyle Boller throws two touchdown passes in the third quarter to lead the Ravens past the sliding Cowboys, 30-10, on Sunday.
JAPAN #39;S top mobile carrier has begun marketing a mobile phone for corporate customers that works over both the local wireless and cellular networks.
Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states pledge to bolster anti-terrorism measures and efforts to lower trade barriers.
There were cheers, applause and even a bottle or two of champagne at Penn State #39;s Mission Operations Center on Saturday. A group of university engineers and scientists 
AP - A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy.
AP - Patrick McEnroe will remain the U.S. Davis Cup captain through 2006.
 quot;Seems like that guy singing this song has been doing it for a long time -- is there anything he knows that he ain #39;t said?
He has a department at the company devoted to ensuring the four million-plus emails sent to him each day don #39;t make it to his personal inbox.
The NBA reportedly has come down hard on the Indiana Pacers for their involvement in a brawl that broke out in the final minute of Friday #39;s win at Detroit.
In his fourth N.B.A. season, 7-foot-1 center Primoz Brezec is getting a fresh start and a chance to start in Charlotte.
Blackburn recovered from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 with Birmingham in the English Premier League on Sunday, but stayed bottom of the standings.
JERUSALEM - US Secretary of State Colin Powell embarked Sunday on a mission to revive the Middle East peace process after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.
Prince Charles is expected to publicly deny that he believes Britain #39;s  quot;learning culture quot; gives people false hope of success, the BBC reported Sunday.
THE US recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of its effort to stamp out unauthorised trading of music online.
Microsoft Corp. isnt often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.
AP - Reuben Droughns had another 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West for another week.
It has been reported that in American military operations against insurgents in Mosul in the north of Iraq this week four decapitated corpses were found.
The militant group is poised to sponsor candidates in legislative and municipal elections expected later next year.
President Bush tried to mend relations in Latin America with fresh promises of immigration reform Sunday while a new security spat surfaced with Chile after an embarrassing fracas in which Bush intervened.
Oracle chalked up a key victory Friday in its battle to acquire PeopleSoft, with investors agreeing to sell the suitor 60 percent of PeopleSoft #39;s outstanding shares.
He might have been able to throw dust in the eye of Mossad, out to cut short his life, and survived fairly long but being mortal Arafat had to finally embrace death.
Peyton Manning tosses four touchdown passes and Edgerrin James punishes the Bears' defense with 204 yards as the Colts roll to a 41-10 victory Sunday.
The former head of a Chicago non-profit that delivered holiday meals to senior citizens and the disabled has been charged with embezzlement.
The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s  quot;Invention of the Year. quot;.
Another piece fell in place Saturday for the Colorado football team in what began weeks ago as a complicated and unlikely route to the Big 12 Conference North Division title.
: Palestinian leaders on Sunday outlined plans to persuade visiting American envoys to pressure Israel into removing troops from urban areas to ensure smooth elections to replace Yasser Arafat.
Five Germans thought to be missing in the Sahara are safe but face charges for the alleged theft of artefacts.
AP - Kurt Busch overcame a broken wheel early in Sunday's race and came back to win the closest championship in NASCAR history.
Crew members of Kurt Busch work on the car during a pit stop during the NASCAR Ford 400 at the Homestead Miami Speedway in Homestead, Fla.
Peyton Manning threw for 211 yards and four touchdowns to help the Indianapolis Colts win their third straight game, a 41-10 victory over the Chicago Bears.
The Transportation Safety Board of Canada is sending a team to China, where a Canadian-built commuter plane crashed in an ice-covered lake in northern China on Sunday.
Kurt Busch uses a late caution flag that produces four extra laps to hold on to a fifth-place finish at the Ford 400, wrapping up the Nextel Cup.
IN THEIR minds eyes, Tim Henman, Andy Roddick and, perhaps, Marat Safin have seen themselves cradling the most famous cup in tennis.
Inter Milan came from behind to beat Bologna 3-1 in an Italian Cup third round, first leg match at the San Siro stadium on Sunday.
The NBA comes down hard on the Pacers, suspending Ron Artest for the rest of the season, Stephen Jackson for 30 games and Jermaine O'Neal for 25.
The US Air Force has awarded a multiyear contract that calls for Microsoft to consolidate 38 various software license agreements and tighten security features.
AP - NBA Commissioner David Stern's statement accompanying the announcement of suspensions for Friday night's Pacers-Pistons brawl:
Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 for their fourth straight victory on Sunday.
AP - Stanford allowed its third-lowest points total ever and Candace Wiggins scored 15 points in the Cardinal's 82-26 victory over Pacific on Sunday.
 NEW YORK (Hollywood Reporter) - ABC has pulled out of  negotiations to continue airing college football's Bowl  Championship Series (BCS).
Another ministerial preemptive strike...
A debate is festering among graduates and parents at St. Paul's, an elite school in New Hampshire, with critics accusing trustees and the rector of mismanagement.
For players with ambitions to develop games, Electronic Arts must appear to be the best place in the world, but there is unhappiness among those living that dream.
AP - Oklahoma is the only No. 2. After a week of sharing the No. 2 ranking with Auburn, Oklahoma edged ahead of the Tigers in The Associated Press Top 25 on Sunday.
McAfee is offering subscribers of Japan #39;s mobile carrier, NTT DoCoMo a mobile content scanning technology designed to provide protection against future mobile threats.
The Southeastern Conference and Atlantic Coast Conference will review tapes of the fight that broke out in the fourth quarter of the Clemson-South Carolina game before deciding on penalties.
After beating Michigan , Ohio State is looking forward to ending their season with a bowl game. And it looks like the Buckeyes will be spending the holidays in the state of Texas .
SIPTU has said it is strongly opposed to any privatisation of Aer Lingus as pressure mounts on the Government to make a decision on the future funding of the airline.
THE SIGHT OF Martin ONeill parading Neil Lennon in front of the Celtic end at Ibrox, like some sort of prizefighter, sealed the verdict.
A PLAGUE of locusts has swarmed into Israel across the border from Egypt, threatening to devastate fields of crops in the countrys agricultural heartland.
Survivors of the Birmingham pub bombings joined more than 200 people at a special service to mark the 30th anniversary of one of mainland Britains worst terrorist atrocities today.
Berlin - The United States (US) Treasury Secretary John Snow has flown into Berlin at the weekend on a budget flight - and pledged to cut the US deficit in half.
AFP - Rival National Basketball Association players and coaches have found plenty of blame to spread around regarding Friday's brawl between Detroit spectators and Indiana Pacers players.
AP - Highly touted freshman Sean Singletary scored 15 points and made several other huge plays Sunday night, leading Virginia to a 78-60 victory against No. 10 Arizona.
Ron Artest of the Indiana Pacers has been suspended in connection with a brawl Friday night that injured nine fans at the Palace of Auburn Hills in Michigan.
AP - Donovan McNabb tied a career high with four touchdown passes, leading the Philadelphia Eagles to a 28-6 victory over the Washington Redskins on Sunday.
Microsofts new search engine launched opens a new front for the worlds biggest software company in a new war - for control of the Internet, analysts said.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, arriving in Israel for his first visit in a year and a half, said he would work with Palestinian leaders to come up with an American 
Highly touted freshman Sean Singletary scores 15 points, leading Virginia to a 78-60 victory against No. 10 Arizona.
Antonio Gates keeps his standout season going with 101 yards and a touchdown as the Chargers drop the Raiders, 23-17, on Sunday.
A controversial new British-made computer docu-game recreating John F Kennedys assassination has been branded despicable by aides to the late presidents brother.
AP - Shay Doron scored 21 points to lead No. 24 Maryland past Siena 73-52 on Sunday.
Michael Vick ran for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler, spoiling Eli Manning's first start.
MG ROVERS controversial directors pension trust is to be substantially scaled back as the company nears the final stages of a vital partnership that will give 
Reuters - Baltimore Ravens running back\Jamal Lewis left in the first quarter of a 30-10 victory over\Dallas on Sunday due to a left ankle injury.
A new space observatory was rocketing into orbit yesterday preparing to scan the universe for the most violent celestial explosions since the Big Bang.
Annika Sorenstam and American Cristie Kerr went head to head in the final round of the ADT Tour Championship yesterday, and it took the first hole of a sudden 
TIGER WOODS lifted his first strokeplay trophy in 13 months yesterday with an eight-shot victory in the Dunlop Phoenix tournament.
KATHMANDU: Nepali troops killed at least 21 Maoist rebels and lost 13 soldiers in gunbattles across the Himalayan kingdom, officials said yesterday.
Michael Vick runs for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler to lead the Falcons to a 14-10 triumph over the Giants on Sunday.
This is a matchup that makes you think all's right with the sports world after all. The 2005 Orange Bowl is the comfort food of athletic events.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates believes spam will be a thing of the past within two years. He did not elaborate on his definition of spam.
As survivors of the 1974 Birmingham pub bombings joined hundreds of others at a service in the city yesterday to mark the 30th anniversary of the terrorist attacks, the Sinn Fein president, Gerry 
Rwanda tells the UN Security Council its plans to disarm rebels across the border in DR Congo will not work.
Parents say school bullying is a major concern for them and that more should be done to tackle the problem.
TORONTO (CP) - The Toronto Raptors produced their biggest fourth-quarter comeback in franchise history on Sunday - and Vince Carter wasn #39;t part of it.
AP - Dwyane Wade scored 25 points and the Miami Heat remained unbeaten against Eastern Conference opponents by beating the short-handed Philadelphia 76ers 93-83 Sunday night.
Secretary of State Colin Powell on Monday will invest US prestige in a new Middle East peace drive, pressing Israeli and Palestinian leaders alike for steps to help Palestinians elect a new president.
AP - Syracuse point guard Billy Edelin returned to the team on Sunday for the first time in nine months.
AP - Three people traveling with the New England Patriots received minor injuries Sunday when two of their buses collided as they made their way to the team's hotel.
Chicago - The Bears needed a perfect performance to beat the Colts and came away with a 41-10 defeat in their poorest showing under Lovie Smith.
AP - A strong earthquake rocked the Caribbean islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe early Sunday, killing a child, destroying numerous homes and knocking out power to thousands of people.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, arriving in Israel for his first visit in a year and a half, said Sunday that he would work with Palestinian leaders to come up 
AFP - Hopes are fading for 58 fishermen missing at sea after a powerful storm that slammed into the Philippines, left eight people dead and tens of thousands homeless.
Some industry analysts say an ongoing insurance bid-rigging scandal -- combined with rising health-care costs -- will build demand for online bidding on insurance policies.
Japanese stocks dropped, with benchmarks poised for their biggest slides in six months. Exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. led decline after the dollar plunged to its lowest against 
AP - One play demonstrated the star Eli Manning can become. Another play, a few minutes later, showed that he's still a rookie.
COLIN Powell arrived in Israel last night for his first visit in 18 months, signalling a new push for Middle East peace following the death of the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.
It often seems Ron Artest cannot help being at the center of a storm.
President George W Bush reaffirms his commitment to a strong US dollar and pledges to halve the budget deficit.
The latest variant of the Sober virus was released on Friday and has been spreading over the weekend, but antivirus experts say the situation could have been much worse.
Twenty-year veteran Damon Allen ran in two touchdowns and passed for another as the Toronto Argonauts defeated the BC Lions 27-19 in the Grey Cup game on Sunday night.
AP - Reaction to the suspensions handed down by NBA commissioner David Stern on Sunday, two days after a brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons:
ISLAMABAD: Hundreds of Indian Sikhs arrived in Pakistan yesterday to commemorate the 535th anniversary of the birth of the founder of their religion, officials said.
AFP - Australia is now accepting more migrants from English-speaking nations than Southeast Asia for the first time since John Howard's Government came to power in 1996, new data shows.
Universal has signed a handful of artists to a digital-only record label. Starting Tuesday, it will release songs through online services like iTunes.
Restaurants with laid-back style arrive on the North Side of Chicago.
George Bush #39;s foreign policy is simple: don #39;t mess with America. The same, it appears, applies to economic policy as well.
In a boardroom struggle that is as much about legacy concerns as about control, media titans Rupert Murdoch and John Malone are sparring over the prized assets of News Corp.
For the last several years, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo have fought over an audience for console video games that is growing older and more mainstream.
NBA Commissioner David Stern handed down three of the stiffest suspensions in the league #39;s history after a wild fan-player melee Friday night in Detroit.
CLEVELAND - New York Jets running back Curtis Martin on Sunday became the second player in NFL history to begin his career with 10 straight 1,000-yard seasons.
The ADT Championship was an intense battle between Cristie Kerr and Annika Sorenstam, who won her eighth L.P.G.A. event this season.
Opinion raged even before NASCAR chairman Brian France unveiled the Nextel Cup championship format in January. As the sun rises in South Florida, 1 of 
By The Associated Press. With Vince Carter playing the worst basketball of his career, Lamond Murray picked up the slack. Murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter yesterday 
AP - Top-seeded Roger Federer won a record 13th straight final Sunday, beating Lleyton Hewitt 6-3, 6-2 in the title match of the ATP Masters Cup.
Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. confirmed on Sunday it hired a financial adviser to help it explore strategic options, including a possible sale of the company.
Unionized workers have reached an agreement with a group representing 14 luxury hotels to end an eight-week lockout, allowing about 4,000 maids, bellhops 
Yahoo Inc is more than doubling its limits on free e-mail storage in its latest move to combat two of its biggest rivals, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp.
It began with Ron Artest, a player who has undergone anger-management counseling and who last season alone was suspended six times.
England have won the WGC-World Cup for the second time in 50 years, thanks to the heroics of former Walker Cup and current Ryder Cup stars Paul Casey and Luke Donald.
Throughout the last month, the Virginia Cavaliers told anyone who would listen that their goals this basketball season far exceed the low expectations outsiders hold for them.
The United States on Sunday applauded the decision by the Paris Club on slashing Iraq #39;s debts and urged other countries to follow suit.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has ordered the development of new anti-terror legislation, just days after one of the government #39;s top prosecutors was killed by a car bomb.
Namibia #39;s ruling party retained the presidency and its two-thirds majority in parliament in a landslide victory in last week #39;s elections, officials said Sunday.
AP - Paul McCartney will headline the Super Bowl halftime show on Feb. 6 as the NFL goes mainstream after the controversy over last January's show.
Reuters - The Galeras volcano in\southern Colombia erupted on Sunday, spraying rocks and\starting short-lived forest fires, but no injuries were\reported, the government said.
AP - More than 60 countries agreed Sunday to ban the killing of sharks for their fins in the Atlantic Ocean, a move that conservationists hope will increase protection of threatened species around the world.
The Pacers' Ron Artest was suspended for the season, and two of his teammates must sit out for a combined 55 games.
Eli Manning had a chance, after a shaky start and a resurgent second half, to drive the Giants to a winning touchdown, but fell short in the final minute.
Winning behind Quincy Carter - who completed 11 of 20 passes for 116 yards - might have assuaged the Jets' concerns about him as the backup quarterback.
A new row engulfs European Commission over an undisclosed conviction of one of its members.
The Bloody Sunday inquiry enters its final phase as  the counsel to the inquiry begins his closing speech.
The Rev. Jerry Falwell's Liberty University is part of a movement around the nation that brings a religious perspective to the law.
Navy's football team will announce Monday whether it will accept a bowl bid from the Emerald Bowl or consider inquiries from four other bowls.
Wizards president of basketball operations Ernie Grunfeld agrees with the NBA Commissioner David Stern's level of punishment for the Pacers-Pistons brawl.
Officials say they will need a further increase in combat forces to put down remaining areas of resistance.
The balloting, however, remains imperiled by calls for a Sunni Muslim boycott and a persistent insurgency that has roiled Sunni regions.
North Carolina closes with a 16-5 run to upset Connecticut, 71-65, the three-time defending national champions' earliest loss since 1995.
President Bush on Sunday signed a stopgap spending bill that keeps the government running while Congress sorts out remaining issues related to a more permanent federal spending package.
It's too bad Stern stopped at 30 games for Ron Artest's Indiana teammate Stephen Jackson, who should have been kicked out for the rest of the season, too.
An international conference aimed at supporting the Iraqi political process begins in Egypt.
Cables two hungry rivals  phone companies and satellite providers  are stealing cables disgruntled customers with cheaper all-in-one packages that bundle TV with Internet and phone services.
For more than three quarters on Sunday, it appeared as if the Jets wouldnt find the end zone if it was loaded with uranium and Quincy Carter was armed with a Geiger counter.
Reuters - Thousands of civilians have fled\their homes after clashes in the east of Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations' humanitarian arm said on Friday.
Just as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers seemed ready to swipe the game from the Knicks, Jamal Crawford began to sink one shot after another.
E-commerce sites have been dabbling in catalogs for the past few years, but now theyre getting more serious, with more sites mailing more catalogs than ever.
Nintendo is hoping that the Nintendo DS will win over older, more sophisticated gamers.
Oracle will continue its pursuit of PeopleSoft this week, asking a judge to dismantle one of the last obstacles to a deal.
A computer program known as Brutus.1 is generating brief outbursts of fiction that are probably superior to what many humans could turn out.
Digital patient records could become building blocks in a nationwide biomedical computer network for assembling and distributing up-to-the-minute studies of disease.
Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
Connecticut missed shots, made turnovers and struggled at the free throw line. None of the mistakes caught coach Geno Auriemma off guard.
NEW YORK - Judging merely by the motion Jamal Crawford was using on his jump shot, it was clear he had leapt into the realm players call The Zone.
Beijing, Nov. 22 (NNN) : All the 53 people on board and two on the ground were killed as a plane crashed into a frozen lake in northern China.
Who #39;s afraid of Wal-Mart? Specialty retailers and chains with unique lines are thriving by offering shoppers what the big-box stores can #39;t.
A 2002 congressional law adds protection for corporate tattletales, but few of them gain such status from US courts. By Adam Geller / Associated Press.
NASA has launched the fastest-swivelling space observatory ever built to hunt the cosmos for clues to violent celestial explosions that some astronomers believe mark the birth of black holes.
The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s Invention of the Year. #39; #39;.
The deal is part of a new international agreement to forgive 80 per cent of Iraq #39;s international debt, amounting to a total of about \$150 billion.
Outgoing US Secretary of State Collin Powell arrived in Israel late Sunday as part of the international efforts to revive the stalled Middle East peace process amid continued violence in the region.
Paris: The widow of Yasser Arafat has questioned the right of his nephew to receive a copy of the medical file of the late Palestinian leader.
In so many ways, French politician and presidential aspirant Nicolas Sarkozy is a breath of fresh air in French and European politics.
America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats. Subscribers will be able to get the free tools 
Michael Vick did enough to make sure that Eli Manning #39;s first start as the quarterback of the New York Giants did not have a fairytale ending.
Tiger Woods yesterday won his first tournament since February and his first stroke-play event for 13 months, saying he feels the swing changes he has made are now starting to pay off.
AP - All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki had to be helped to the Dallas locker room after twisting his left ankle Sunday night against the Denver Nuggets.
AP - A fire at a complex of iron mines in northern China killed at least 33 miners and trapped another 28, state media reported Monday.
Analysts speculate that company is a possible target to be acquired and that big operational changes are in store for the 16,557-person technology consulting firm.
TAMPA - Just a few weeks ago, the Utah Utes were building an impassioned case for why they belonged in a Bowl Championship Series game.
A French finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached a deal yesterday to write off 80 per cent of the debts Iraq owes them.
One of the most respected engineering gateways on the web has just released four new databases providing free access to hundreds of online scientific and technical journals.
Geno Auriemma told his team in the locker room that it was a no-win situation. Sylvia Hatchell had been saying just the opposite to her players for weeks.
Video-on-demand specials have so far appeared without advertisements. But Fox Cable Networks and Visa plan to try including ads in a show in January.
ST. LOUIS - Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering selling the newspaper publisher to boost shareholder value.
Wilbur Ross used US government protection to merge four bankrupt steelmakers into a company so profitable he #39;s selling it for \$4.5 billion.
A new video game to be released Monday allows players to simulate the assassination of President Kennedy. The release of JFK Reloaded is timed to coincide with the 41st anniversary 
Intel has followed up its patent cross-licensing agreements with graphics processor maker ATI Technologies with a similar one with rival Nvidia.
The Giants #39; fourth offensive snap yesterday provided the afternoon #39;s first obvious mistake. Its plot sounded frighteningly familiar.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell has met Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for talks expected to focus on steps Israel could take to facilitate a Palestinian presidential election scheduled for January.
Iraqi electoral officials on Sunday scheduled national and provincial elections for Jan. 30 and said that nearly 200 political groups had applied to take part.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Baghdad governor Ali al-Haidri was  assassinated by gunmen in the capital on Tuesday, police and  hospital sources said.
In the world of retailing, there is no such thing as  quot;too big to fail, quot; as investors have often learned to their sorrow.
Erroneous crime statistics propelled St. Louis to its best finish in recent years in a report to be issued Monday that ranks the nation #39;s most dangerous cities.
In its seven years playing David to the Goliaths of Greater Boston cable television, upstart RCN Corp. has managed to secure a robust business, in a few communities 
It rained Sunday, of course, and but another soppy, sloppy gray day at Westside Tennis Club did nothing to deter Roger Federer from his appointed rounds.
Jets quarterback Quincy Carter looked like a character in the movie  quot;Animal House quot; yesterday in Cleveland Browns Stadium.
EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
CHARLES Clarke yesterday signalled a truce in the simmering row with the Prince of Wales which has soured relations between the Education Secretary and the heir to the throne.
Newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. said Sunday that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to boost shareholder value.
A Pennsylvania school district on Friday defended its decision to discount Charles Darwin #39;s theory of evolution and take a lead in teaching what critics say is a version of creationism.
Leaders of 21 Asia-Pacific states in the Apec grouping have ended a summit in Chile with a call for action to lower global trade barriers.
TOKYO - Tokyo stocks ended Friday almost flat as earlier gains on buying of high-tech shares evaporated after selling of domestic demand-related issues accelerated later in the day.
To a veteran defensive lineman, there is a dead giveaway when a rookie quarterback is rattled. You can see it in the kid #39;s eyes.
Reuters - Oil prices continued to rally on\Monday, clawing back more of this months' losses on heightened\concerns over low global winter fuel supplies.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices continued to rally on  Monday, clawing back more of this months' losses on heightened  concerns over low global winter fuel supplies.
AFP - It's never too late to start a new career, even if you're 96 years old -- and the new job is modelling cosmetics.
AFP - With security staffing levels raised 50 percent following Friday's melee between spectators and players, National Basketball Association champion Detroit beat Charlotte 117-116 here.
It might have been NBA Commissioner David Stern taking his chances had he tried to enter the stands at The Palace on Sunday after suspending Ben Wallace for six games.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A group of six Patriots has played together since 1996, no small feat in the era of NFL free agency and constant personnel change.
CHICAGO -- Edgerrin James on the ground. Peyton Manning through the air. The Indianapolis Colts made it look easy.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Steve McNair returned to the lineup, and the Tennessee Titans returned to form.
NEW ORLEANS -- Reuben Droughns had his fifth 100-yard game to help the Denver Broncos stay atop the AFC West.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Nick Goings revived the Carolina Panthers' running game -- for a half, anyway.
SEATTLE -- Rookie safety Michael Boulware saved the game for the Seattle Seahawks. Maybe the season, too.
The University of New Hampshire football team is going dancing -- the Wildcats will be playing in the NCAA Division 1-AA playoffs for the first time since 1994.
WELLESLEY -- For the sixth year in a row, Andover claimed the MIAA State Swimming  amp; Diving Championships.
AP - President Bush aims to highlight the benefits of American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a brief, security-laden stop in the Andean nation.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Romeo Dallaire has stepped back from the edge of the abyss.
Police in Brazil arrest three men on suspicion of murder, following a violent confrontation over land rights.
Indiana's Ron Artest is banned for the rest of the season after the brawl involving fans and players at Detroit.
EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.
Second of three parts URAMO BEACH, Nigeria -- It was just a shack made of cardboard and bamboo.
KABUL, Afghanistan -- US-led troops mounted overnight raids on suspected Al Qaeda compounds in eastern Afghanistan, killing four people and detaining several others, officials said yesterday.
SANTIAGO, Chile -- Pacific Rim leaders pledged yesterday to shore up global security and push ahead with the World Trade Organization's negotiations on lowering global trade barriers.
Oil prices climbed higher in Asian trade on Monday as fresh concerns over the possibility of energy shortages in the northern hemisphere winter sparked another wave of panic among investors, dealers said.
Reuters - Baghdad governor Ali al-Haidri was\assassinated by gunmen in the capital on Tuesday, police and\hospital sources said.
 quot;JFK Reloaded quot; from Scottish videogame company Traffic Games lets you become Lee Harvey Oswald and recreate the assassination of JFK.
Acknowledging the reputation he had earned as an aggressive young driver with a penchant for wrinkling a few car fenders and ruffling a few 
Iran on Monday suspended its uraniumenrichment activities under a commitment in an agreement reached with the European Union, the state TV reported.
Cambridge Antibody Technology has announced an alliance with pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca after posting a slightly narrower annual loss before tax.
Blackburn fought back from 3-1 down at half-time to earn a 3-3 draw with Birmingham in a pulsating Premiership clash at Ewood Park on Sunday afternoon.
Call it Moving On week. Teams, players, and coaches all made their moves as the college football season #39;s last full slate of games was completed over the weekend.
Asia has seen its key markets slide in response to the likelihood of a relentlessly weakening dollar.
Trailing by 10 points and down to only one healthy tailback, the Packers were desperately searching for an offensive spark. They found the solution in a familiar place.
Although the move was stunning, the outcome was predictable and the latest effort from our resident football/fishing genius may have finished off the Cardinals for good.
AP - American and Afghan forces searching for three kidnapped U.N. workers smashed their way into houses in downtown Kabul early Monday, officials and witnesses said.
THE ISLANDS of Dominica and Guadeloupe were rocked by a massive earthquake killing at least one person and destroying numerous homes.
AP - Despite 33 victories in the last four years, Annika Sorenstam keeps saying that winning is not as easy as she makes it look.
A plane which plunged into a frozen lake in China killing 54 people was flying erratically moments before it crashed.
For years, consumers who wanted to cut the cord with their cable company found that getting television and high-speed Internet service often meant the inconvenience of finding two new providers.
This is a rotten time for moral victories. Like it or not, the New York Giants received one Sunday. While their playoff hopes took another hit when their rally 
The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) has shown again its power as the primary economic forum in the Pacific Rim, as 21 top leaders from its member economies 
Iraq #39;s Electoral Commission has announced that elections in the country will go ahead on January 30, not January 27 as previously suggested.
UK News, The Prince of Wales is taking the unprecedented step of hitting back at criticism from senior politicians over his views on education.
An automotive fad of the 1970s, customized vans, might be the next big thing coming out of Detroit.
Reuben Droughns scored a 51-yard touchdown on his first carry of the game and gained 11 more yards on first down to start Denver #39;s next drive.
The US dollar rose against the euro and other major currencies yesterday, recovering after some early losses as foreign exchange trading resumed in the new year.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter last night said he would have supported England #39;s players had they staged a walk-off in Madrid last week.
Another developer plans to capitalize on a hot condo market by selling off its rental apartments to home buyers.
AP - Illinois coach Ron Turner deflected questions about his future all season long, not wanting to be a distraction or take away from his players and the games they had left.
Seeing a rare and probably fleeting opportunity to influence the Israeli-Palestinian dispute, the Bush administration is preparing financial assistance to help Palestinians 
CANBERRA will excuse Iraq \$1.1 billion that it owes Australia as the war-torn nation attempts to get back on its feet financially.
When Genzyme Inc. breaks down its revenue this year, there's a big hole: treatment of cancer.
A battalion of Indian Army soldiers has pulled out of Kashmir #39;s summer capital Srinagar, marking the first withdrawal from the urban hub of insurgency in the Himalayan state.
Iraq News, The two-day conference in the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh will start with a meeting of the foreign ministers of Iraq, its six neighbours and Egypt.
KABUL, Afghanistan Officials and witnesses say foreign and Afghan security forces have raided houses in Kabul, smashing their way in and detaining several men.
Crude futures fell more than \$1 a barrel yesterday amid mild weather in the US Northeast on the first trading day of the new year.
LAS VEGAS -- Shane Mosley gave Winky Wright his big chance. After beating Mosley a second time, Wright is now ready to cash in on it.
Sydney commuters get a day's free travel after an unprecedented protest against the city's rail network.
TELECOMS group BT will bid this week for a 4bn Ministry of Defence contract to stitch together IT systems for Britain #39;s armed forces.
The requirements to start a hedge fund are pretty basic. You need a desk, a computer, and some rich clients to hand over lots of money to put at risk.
For weeks, months - really for two years - Butch Davis has talked about little else but spilled guts, effort and heart in his postgame press conferences.
The New York Times Co. , owner of The Boston Globe, said it will buy a 49 percent stake in Metro Boston, the free newspaper distributed to commuters.
Passengers flying toward their Thanksgiving feasts can expect to find crowded airports and packed flights on the way. By JEAN HELLER, Times Staff Writer.
Design engineer Alan Lear has rolled up his sleeves. His lab is crammed with motherboards and oscilloscopes. He scans a screen showing the signal 
All-Star forward Dirk Nowitzki had to be helped to the Dallas locker room after twisting his left ankle last night against the Denver Nuggets.
McNair threw a touchdown pass, directed two other scoring drives as the Titans (4-6) beat the Jacksonville Jaguars (6-4) 18-15 Sunday.
AFP - Police arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of murdering a French student in August, Scotland Yard said.
Some quarterbacks take weeks to get comfortable in the NFL. Sometimes it takes several years. Yesterday it took Eli Manning a mere 30 minutes.
England vice-captain Mike Tindall insists the world champions will be motivated by a sense of payback when they tackle Australia at Twickenham next Saturday.
AP - Edgerrin James on the ground. Peyton Manning through the air. The Indianapolis Colts made it look easy.
Twenty years ago, I wrote a report called  quot;Retailer or Realtor, quot; that argued retailers had huge hidden real estate values.
Swift, a satellite space lab that will hunt and study the most violent explosions ever seen in the universe, has finally launched from Cape Canaveral.
Technology brings a whole new light to history.Technology brings a whole new light to history.Technology brings a whole new light to history.
Dixons is to phase out video cassette recorders in its namesake stores after revealing that DVD players are now outselling VCRs by a ratio of 40 to one.
A new version of the Sober e-mail worm started spreading in Europe on Friday, according to antivirus suppliers, which have given the worm a mid-level threat rating.
With most technical issues resolved and giants like Vodafone signing up customers, 2005 could be the year when third-generation (3G) mobile services finally gain a global audience.
Roger Federer, the top seed and world number one, has rounded off his outstanding year with victory in the Masters Cup over Australian Lleyton Hewitt.
India openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir shared an unbeaten first wicket partnership of 185 on the third day of the first test on Monday.
Television reporters caught Tom Benson entering the New Orleans Saints #39; Superdome locker room Sunday afternoon after the Denver Broncos had cruised to a 34-13 victory.
Just two games into his college career, Sean Singletary has helped Virginia beat the nation #39;s No. 10 team and created a buzz at University Hall.
Countries taking part in a conference on Iraq differ on how to assist the nation but strongly support the interim government #39;s 
Traders selling banned animal products in the UK cannot be arrested due to a government "slip-up", it has emerged.
High Street electrical retailer Dixons is ditching the VCR because of falling sales and the increased popularity of newer technology.
The Titans won without running back Chris Brown, who missed the game with turf toe. They won with two rookies starting at defensive tackle.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - FAO Schwarz on Monday said it would  reopen its flagship toy store on New York City's Fifth Avenue  on Thursday.
 SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rallied further on Monday,  clawing back toward \$50 a barrel on heightened concerns over  low supplies of winter heating fuels.
Share in India's Reliance Industries rally after the brothers at the head of the group deny any rift over leadership.
Practice embeds hidden, traceable data in every printed page.
San Diego Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson is officially healthy. If there was any question, look at his season high 37 carries.
HOME Secretary David Blunkett has signalled that a third-term Labour government would impose sweeping new anti-terror laws amid fears of an al Qaida attack on Britain.
Thanksgiving travel this year will be heavier than it was in 2000, the first time that has happened post-9/11, according to the American Automobile Association.
The NBA has suspended Indiana Pacers forward Ron Artest for the remainder of the season for his part in a brawl during the final minute of Friday #39;s win at Detroit.
Pakistan Supreme Court today granted bail to husband of self-exiled former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in connection with several cases of corruption against him.
Eli Manning will likely develop into an elite quarterback, maybe even a special one, and yet he will never, ever scare a defense quite like Michael Vick.
Terrorism News, London,Britain is drawing up far-reaching proposals to tackle terrorism, including allowing the use of phone-taps as evidence in trials and special anti-terror courts.
Ukraine's opposition leader urges thousands of supporters to defy the government, alleging massive poll fraud.
Medical tests showed no traces of poisons in Yasser Arafat's body, says the former  Palestinian leader's nephew.
China's President Hu Jintao tells Japanese PM Junichiro Koizumi his war shrine visits are hurting bilateral ties.
A 36-year-old man is arrested in connection with the murder of French student Amelie Delagrange.
Pakistan's Supreme Court grants bail to the jailed husband of former PM Benazir Bhutto and lawyers say he could be free soon.
Three Americans jailed for up to 10 years for torturing Afghans and running a private jail in Kabul begin their appeal.
Pay-as-you-go computer power could soon be helping computer animators finish films faster.
If you're interested in taking your video with you, the Creative Zen and Datexx Pavio portable media players are worth a look. Product review by John Gartner.
Human Genome Sciences plans to announce that H. Thomas Watkins, a former Abbott Laboratories executive, will be its new chief.
Dr. Robert F. Bacher served as head of the Manhattan Project's experimental physics division before leading its bomb physics division in 1944 and 1945.
The Chilean government disinvited more than 200 guests to a dinner with President Bush rather than let them be screened for weapons.
The chairman of India #39;s Reliance Industries has denied any family dispute over the ownership of the country #39;s largest private company.
New York, November 22 - The agent for one suspended Indiana Pacer is faulting the NBA for not considering the players #39; fear for their own safety.
PeopleSoft Inc. Chief Executive David Duffield resisted pressure to open talks with Oracle Corp. after shareholders voted to support Oracle #39;s \$8.8 billion takeover bid.
Swift successfully launched today at 12:16 PM EST! Spacecraft separation occurred at about 80 minutes after launch as expected. Congratulations to the entire Swift team.
11/22/04- A British company is releasing a video game that recreates the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy, on this 41st anniversary of the shooting.
ONCE seen as the cutting edge of technology which would change the way we watch television, the video recorder has been usurped by another revolution in home entertainment, the DVD machine.
French transport commissioner Jacques Barrot is under pressure to explain to MEPs why he did not mention his involvement in a French political party funding scandal.
PeopleSoft has remained defiant in the long-running hostile takeover bid by Oracle, despite  #39;over 60 #39; of its shareholders coming down in favour of its rival.
Dutch bank ING, which paid 1 for Baring, the British investment bank brought to the brink by Nick Leeson, is to sell its remaining Baring division.
ST. LOUIS The newspaper publisher Pulitzer Inc. has said that company officials are considering a possible sale of the firm to improve shareholder value.
The US Air Force (USAF) is drafting Microsoft to help simplify its networks and software contracts, a move that could improve its computer security and deliver savings of \$100m.
RANGERS manager Alex McLeish has hailed Alex Rae and Dado Prso as the pillars of strength who have helped turn around the clubs derby-day fortunes.
A Pakistani court has granted bail to the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, which should result in his release after eight years in prison.
Reuters - Iraq will ask Iran and\Turkey for border security arrangements to keep foreign\militants out, similar to measures already agreed with Syria,\the Iraqi Foreign Minister said on Monday.
Is Saturday the end of a football season or Election Day? Between speculation about polls and appeals to voters, it #39;s difficult to tell.
ING, the Dutch bank which bought Baring in 1995 for 1 after rogue trader Nick Leeson ran up losses of more than 800m, ending its use of the Baring name.
After years of double-digit cost increases, employers are seeing a significant slowing in the rate of growth in what they pay for employee health insurance.
A computer firm is criticised by the Kennedy family for producing a game recreating the president's death.
Donald Trump #39;s Trump Hotels  amp; Casino Resorts Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection with a plan to cut debt by \$400 million and renovate its properties.
The Mozilla Foundation #39;s launch of its open-source web browser last week prompted Microsoft to break its silence about Internet Explorer.
Chinese insurance companies are checking the information of policy holders who died in the Sunday-morning plane crash in north China #39;s Inner Mongolia.
Iraq will ask Iran and Turkey for border security arrangements to keep foreign militants out, similar to measures already agreed with Syria, the Iraqi Foreign Minister said on Monday.
Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz hailed here Monday what he termed improving relations betweenPakistan and India. Aziz, who arrived here on Sunday for a two day visit to 
In the aftermath of the controversial firings of their football coaches, Notre Dame and Florida were desperate to hire Utah Coach Urban Meyer.
The flagship company of businessman and television star Donald Trump files for bankruptcy protection in the US.
Crude oil climbed to a two-week high on concern colder winter weather will drain supplies of North American and European heating fuels before inventories rebound.
To draw business from smaller airlines operating out of a nearby airport, American Airlines has lowered its fares at Miami International.
Countries taking part in the conference on Iraq differ on how to assist the nation, but they strongly support the interim government #39;s efforts 
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan The Supreme Court granted bail on Monday to the jailed husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, a defense lawyer and a government spokesman said.
AP - A reminder from the government: check those holiday shopping lists to make sure no recalled children's toys are on them.
Iran has suspended uranium enrichment and all related activities, state-run radio reported Monday, honoring an agreement with Europe designed to head off possible U.N. sanctions.
The Mediterranean came a little closer to sun seekers in the north-west today after Ryanair announced a new hub and nine extra routes including southern France, Italy and Spain.
Blake Ross started working on building  quot;a better quot; browser while other kids were just getting hooked on instant messenger.
NEC Corporation and Panasonic Mobile announced that they have developed a Linux-based software platform for third-generation (3G) mobile phones.
JERUSALEM Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel has agreed that Palestinians from East Jerusalem should participate in the election next year of a Palestinian leader, his office said Monday.
ASBESTOS-RELATED boycotts of James Hardie products have forced the controversial building products maker to slash its profit forecast.
No evidence exists that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat died of poisoning, his nephew says. But at a press conference in Paris, Nasser al-Quidwa did not definitely dismiss 
The Prince of Wales will use a speech today to end a public row that has erupted between himself and Education Secretary Charles Clarke.
AP - Kyle Boller displayed the poise and confidence of a maturing second-year quarterback in leading the Baltimore Ravens to their third straight victory.
AP - A Swedish Space Corp. sounding rocket successfully carried eight scientific experiments into the edge of space on Monday.
Reggae and rap homophobic lyrics are stoking the spread of HIV, a UK minister warns on a Caribbean visit.
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Designer cartography from The Rockall Times
Suit professional fraudster, n/s, gsoh
A new anti-corruption watchdog for Bangladesh has been welcomed by global anti-graft campaigners.
South Africa's biggest retail bank says it is close to announcing a deal for Barclays to take a majority stake in its business.
China is taking its long-standing investment in Zimbabwe to new heights, as Air Zimbabwe starts bi-weekly flights to Beijing.
The value of UK online sales more than doubles, as a growing number of people choose to shop via the internet, data shows.
American Airlines reported Monday that it will defer the delivery of 54 aircraft in order to postpone capital spending and allow the airline more flexibility in its restructuring.
Traveling this Thanksgiving may not be as easy as it was last year. And that is both good and bad news. On the upside: The long lines at airports 
11/22/2004. Using your computer and Internet connection to make local and long distance calls has been getting a lot of attention lately.
Broadcom today unveiled two wireless Lan chipsets which it claims allow Wi-Fi users to maintain high speed wireless connections at distances up to 50 per cent greater than previous offerings.
Virus authors have found new prey. They are going after Symbian based cell phones with a new trojan horse that kills applications and replaces their icons with a skull image.
New research suggests that developing the ability to run - long thought to be a byproduct of walking for early man - was actually an instrumental step in the evolution of people 
Boosted by a first strokeplay title in more than a year, Tiger Woods is champing at the bit to mount a fresh major challenge in 2005.
Barcelona striker Henrik Larsson is set for Monday knee surgery and will be lost to the Spanish leaders for the rest of the calendar year.
The Atlanta Falcons were clinging to a seven-point lead in the final minute of the third quarter Sunday at Giants Stadium and they needed to force a mistake by the New 
TORONTO -- Toronto Raptors point guard Alvin Williams will miss the rest of the season after undergoing surgery on his right knee Monday.
Bernie Ecclestone will return to court on Monday for the start of the High Court case involving Formula One Holdings (FOH) and Speed Investments.
A PC game produced by Scottish firm Traffic Games has come under fire from the family of former US president John F Kennedy for allowing gamers to play through his assassination as sniper Lee Harvey Oswald.
Quarterback Brett Favre #39;s longest run in two seasons stood as the second-longest run by the Green Bay Packers offense Sunday night.
NOVEMBER 22, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The US Air Force last week announced an enterprisewide software licensing agreement with Microsoft Corp.
India is unlikely to respond to any major bilateral issues during Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz #39;s two-day visit to New Delhi starting Tuesday.
At least thirty-three miners have been killed in a fire broke out on Saturday morning at five iron mines in Shahe, North China #39;s Hebei Province.
Nextel Communications Inc. said Monday that it received a contract worth up to \$100 million to provide the Navy with cell phone service.
A Trojan program called Skulls has appeared that disables many of the functions of Internet-enabled cell phones using the operating system from the Symbian Ltd.
Swedish striker Henrik Larsson is expecting his injury, sustained on the weekend playing for Barcelona against Real Madrid, to lead to surgery.
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani today sought to quell a raging controversy over his reported differences with his brother, Anil Ambani.
The decision by high street electrical chain Dixons to no longer sell the machines could soon mean RIP for the VCR. But VHS (video home system) is just 
QI #39;m about to replace a couple of older computers whose Web browsers have memorized the user IDs and passwords I use at many financial sites.
The husband of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was granted bail Monday by the country #39;s supreme court, the BBC reported.
The release of the open-source Web browser by the Mozilla Foundation last week prompted Microsoft to break the silence about Internet Explorer.
AFP - Hungary's central bank again lowered its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points, from 10.5 to 10 percent, the bank said.
AFP - A legal dispute which is expected to be a decisive factor in whether rights holder Bernie Ecclestone continues to dominate Formula One racing began.
AP - A former senior Rwandan army officer pleaded innocent Monday before a U.N. tribunal to six counts of genocide and crimes against humanity for his alleged role in the 1994 Rwanda genocide.
The company's stock seems fairly valued with all the uncertainty in the air.
You don't need to get mauled at the mall anymore. Online storefronts are here to save the day.
\Children who have a poor diet are more likely to become aggressive and anti-social, US researchers believe.
The emergence of another Toy Story flick leads one to wonder who has the upper hand in Pixar's relationship with Disney.
Your credit card company might be needlessly costing you thousands.
She argued the hard-liners' case on Iraq. But the next Secretary of State remains an ideological puzzle
AP - South Carolina coach Lou Holtz announced Monday he will retire, ending one of the most successful and colorful college football careers.
Heikki Kovalainen, World Series by Nissan Champion and RDD member, was named Racing Driver of the Year in Finland last week.
The CEO of Bacardi has resigned. The company announced today (22 November) that Javier Ferran has stepped down and that the search for a successor was underway.
A new swarm of locusts reached Eilat this morning, covering sidewalks, streets, beaches, gardens and parks. Some locusts entered peoples #39; homes.
 LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Monday in  profit-taking on heating oil from sharp gains last week sparked  by concerns over low supplies of winter heating fuels.
Three cheers for iPod mania! And that's only the start of our guide to the hottest, newest products in personal tech
Friends! Romans! Oddball cosmic princes! In our ranking of 2004's\top 10 video games, you will meet them all
Murdoch is battling Malone to keep a tight grip on News Corp. -- and benefit heirs, if not shareholders
After 18 months of heated rhetoric, antitrust judgments and a few billion dollars more, Oracle Corp. #39;s hostile bid for smaller rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Crude oil rose to a two-week high on concern that heating oil supplies may be insufficient as the winter heating season approaches in North America and Europe.
Australia #39;s James Hardie Industries shares fell as much as 11 per cent after the company cut its full-year outlook because of higher costs and possible boycotts.
Italy's Volare is expected to be declared insolvent, as it becomes the latest casualty of budget airline competition.
Donald J. Trump #39;s struggling casino operation has filed for bankruptcy reorganization, according to court documents, effectively commencing a recapitalization plan that was announced last month.
An extinct ape that lived 13 million years ago has been identified as the leading contender for the title of last common ancestor of humans and all great apes alive today.
A spectacular second-innings collapse by Canada enabled Scotland to win the inaugural ICC Intercontinental Cup final at Sharjah by an innings and 84 runs with more than a day to spare.
South Carolina coach Lou Holtz walked away from coaching Monday, ending a 33-year career that was one of the most successful and colorful in college football history.
NVE Corporation's claim to MRAM fame doesn't stand up to nanoscrutiny.
American Airlines will defer 54 of 56 aircraft originally scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, American and Boeing Co. said Monday.
High Street electrical retailer Dixons has pulled the plug on the VCR, and announced today video recorders will disappear from its shelves before Christmas.
A computer game that allows users to play the role of Kennedy assassin Lee Harvey Oswald was released Monday by Traffic Games, a Scottish software company.
Reuters - Toronto Raptors guard Alvin\Williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured\right knee.
The European Commission faces a new crisis after it was revealed incoming French commissioner Jacques Barrot has a fraud conviction.
US and Afghan soldiers have raided houses in downtown Kabul early Monday in an operation aimed at releasing three foreign UN hostages, who were abducted last month.
Record labels are looking to digital sales as a first step on the road to the larger music marketplace after years of infighting over how to sell music online.
A fourth man was detained Saturday in connection with an attack plot against visiting Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while the three Iraqi suspects arrested on Friday were brought before a federal magistrate.
Biometrics and smartcards &lt;em&gt;are&lt;/em&gt; the future
Students who use computers a lot at school have worse maths and reading performance, research suggests.
A British company said Sunday it was releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of President Kennedy.
Fossil hunters on the Isle of Wight unearth the bones of the biggest dinosaur ever found in the UK.
Millions of tons of sediment-heavy water are being sent through the Grand Canyon in a bid to help local wildlife.
The success of platforms like JBoss, Apache and Jonas will boost open-source integration products--if some key conditions are met.
Open-source software is starting to expand into the big-ticket infrastructure-software market dominated by Microsoft and others.
The new desktops, priced between \$600 and \$715, target families, students and small businesses.
Microsoft TV's IPTV channel guide can search programs and offer descriptions.
A video game released to coincide with the 41st anniversary of President John F. Kennedys assassination has been criticised by the Kennedy family.
Nintendo executives say playing the same old games is getting stale, so they #39;ve created this system to bring new life to games.
Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an 8-under 64 in the alternate-shot format on Sunday to win the World Golf Championships.
Users of Nokia's 7610 smart phone and possibly other phones running Symbian's Series 60 software should be aware of a new Trojan program on the Internet.
Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites this weekend could have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts warned on Monday.
Service offers 2GB of storage, wireless access, and video e-mail--for a fee.
Microsoft breaks its silence on plans for IE, while AOL breathes life into Netscape.
Apple Computer Inc. stock hit a four-year high on Monday following the release of a report from Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster.
Cincinnati is still among the most dangerous cities in the nation, but the metropolitan area which takes in Northern Kentucky and southeastern Indiana is actually a shade safer than average, according 
There are strong indications that Clemson and South Carolina will not be allowed to play in bowl games following Saturday #39;s melee between the two teams, SportsLine.
Credit card fraudsters are trying to fleece UK punters by tricking them into revealing card security information over the phone.
Conflicts in the Ivory Coast and Sudan's troubled Darfur region are driving potential investors out of Africa, the United Nations says.
A rosier economic outlook will boost US holiday spending by up to 5 percent this year despite a firm resolution by many consumers to spend less, a consumer group said on Monday.
named Swift for its fast pivoting and pointing -- launched this weekend will detect and analyze gamma ray bursts, which astronomers believe represent the birth cries of black holes.
GLASGOW - A new downloadable video game allows gamers to assume the role of Lee Harvey Oswald, the assassin who killed US president John F. Kennedy.
Palm Beach Gardens, FL (Sports Network) - The PGA of America announced on Monday that the PGA Grand Slam of Golf will remain at Poipu Bay Golf Course in 2005.
Iran says it has halted all work on potentially weapons-related parts of its nuclear program, honoring a deal with European powers.
FORT COLLINS - Days after the end of a busy season, hurricane forecasters are calling for an above-average Atlantic season again next year.
GLASGOW, Scotland -- A British company says it #39;s releasing a video game recreating the 1963 assassination of US President John F. Kennedy.
Beginning a new round of copyright infringement lawsuits, the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) announced Thursday they will be taking legal action against 791 individuals suspected of illegally downloading music files.
_ The New England Patriots might have a better chance of winning their 24th game in 25 tries Monday night if they were 1-8 instead of 8-1.
TEHRAN - Iran said Monday it was suspending its program to produce enriched uranium, the crucial ingredient needed for the production of nuclear weapons.
Following its latest rejection, the next stage in Oracle #39;s battle to buy PeopleSoft is set to begin in a courtroom on Wednesday.
Crude oil futures traded below \$49 a barrel Monday following a steep runup on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
City officials in parts of Ukraine refuse to accept the outcome of the presidential election amid mass protests.
Analysts say the agreement was a boost to both companies since it will pave the way for Nvidia get access to millions more desktop computers built on Intel processors and because Intel will 
Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.
The technical challenge of sharing massive movie files over the Internet has kept the problem of P2P file sharing to a minimum for the movie industry.
Stelco Inc., the Canadian steelmaker that #39;s in bankruptcy protection, said it lost a contract to supply steel to General Motors Corp.
EU states draw up new plans to keep track of Iran's nuclear programme in a move unlikely to satisfy Washington.
1000 up and still counting. Sir Alex Fergusons achievement is quite remarkable given the fickle nature of football fans and more importantly football boards in the modern game.
US President George W Bush arrives in Colombia for talks expected to focus on  fighting drug trafficking.
The State Secretariat for Economic Affairs (Seco) said Switzerland had agreed to write off SFr264 million (\$227 million) in debts dating back to the 1970s and 1980s.
A spokeswoman said he was charged with two counts of illegally using his weapon, of obstruction of justice, conduct unbecoming an officer, and improper use of authority.
Aid workers in Sudan #39;s Darfur region have been airlifted to safety amid new fighting between government and rebel troops in a major town.
EU defense ministers will sign off today on plans to establish battle groups of troops poised for instant action in a significant move toward a European army.
BEIJING: At least 57 miners were killed and three missing following a massive blaze at a complex of iron mines in northern China, the government reported Monday.
Roger Federer believes he is now capable of winning any tournament in the world.
CHELSEA have qualified, Manchester United and Liverpool are well-placed but Arsenal face a tricky test in this week #39;s Champions League matches.
The Expos would become the Nationals with a move to Washington next season and wear red, white and blue uniforms, Major League Baseball and team officials said during a press conference.
The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
President Bush said Monday that he hopes Iran's claim that it has suspended uranium enrichment and has no nuclear weapons ambitions is true, but "there must be verification."
The best performing Dow stock this year is one that #39;s had more than its share of trouble with investors in recent years -- Boeing Co.
A Kansas company #39;s yearly ranking based on crime statistics shows that Camden, New Jersey, has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city.
Rick White, head of the TechNet policy group discusses technology in next year's Congress and in the second term of the Bush administration.
With India pulling out a large number of troops from Kashmir, the guns may have fallen silent but the verbal dual between India and Pakistan is nowhere near an end.
JERUSALEM - Israel has charged an army captain who was accused of riddling a Palestinian girl #39;s body with bullets after she was already dead.
November 22 2004 2000CET - New turmoil at the European Commission as the MEPs ask for a review of Jacques Barrot #39;s position 
Faced with an uncertain future, the toy retailer trims losses and prepares for the holiday season.
Shares in the search engine might double as the IPO lockup period expires.
Campbell Soup turns in a good quarter, but there are better alternatives.
Food, friends, and elf figurines add up. Here's some advice on how to handle the holiday tab.
Combing detective work with old-fashion digging, archaeologists in North Carolina may have unearthed evidence that Spanish soldiers roamed the Appalachian Mountains during the 16th century.
As eco-lodges sprout under the forest canopy and guidebooks roll off the presses, Peru stands ready to showcase itself as a bird-watcher's paradise.
Witness: Ovitz's style became a 'distraction' at Disney
Can computers get along fine without writers? Word is they just might. Missing Link
Next month, firm will launch revamped middleware products for content management and application infrastructure.
Update to SecureCore firewall aims to prevent programs from executing malicious commands.
Update to free browser will warn people if a Web site looks like a phishing scam, its maker says.
Security experts warn of banner ads with a bad attitude--and a link to malicious code. Also: Phishers, be gone.
Nextel Communications to supply U.S.-based U.S. Navy personnel with cell phones, voice minutes and wireless data plans.
New Wi-Fi chips increase range of wireless networks by 50 percent, according to the company.
A cell phone game based on the children's series "A Series of Unfortunate Events" was released Monday.
Mac maker doesn't give a reason for the departures of Tim Bucher and Mark Wilhelm. Meanwhile, stock's trading high.
FCC approves the technology that could transform wireless communications.
Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive, The Wall Street Journal reported Monday.
Apple stock is on the rise once again, as analysts raise their target prices and provide support of an iPod  #39;halo #39; effect.
It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Rafa Benitez believes that the return to action of Steven Gerrard will give Liverpool the impetus they need as they prepare for the crunch Champions League trip to Monaco.
The 73-year-old former Washington Senators public address announcer was not about to let a protester ruin another big baseball day in the nation #39;s capital.
He may be the star of a hit reality series, a best-selling author and a crack businessman to boot, but even Donald Trump has cash flow problems from time to time.
AP - Ron Turner was fired by Illinois on Monday after three straight losing seasons, a sharp turnaround from early success that included the team's first Big Ten football title in a decade.
Reuters - Minnesota Vikings\wide receiver Randy Moss is listed as doubtful for Sunday's\game against the Jacksonville Jaguars with a right hamstring\injury.
AP - Hockey Hall of Famer Serge Savard pleaded not guilty Monday to two charges of drunken driving.
AP - The biggest challenge for Annika Sorenstam is setting goals.
AP - Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack said Monday that he will not seek the chairmanship of the Democratic Party.
The United States win the doubles rubber to cut Spain's Davis Cup final lead to 2-1.
KITCHENER - A takeover offer for ThyssenKrupp Budd Canada sent shares of the automotive supplier up 72 per cent on the TSX on Monday.
Police have launched an investigation into claims from Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke that he was racially abused prior to a game at Blackburn.
Slog through the gunk of Darling the grease processor, and you'll find a gem of an investment.
Crude oil futures traded below \$49 US a barrel Monday following a steep runup on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
The NASD on Monday permanently barred former star technology banker Frank Quattrone from the securities industry for refusing to testify about his possible role in destroying documents and obstructing justice.
French technology firm Thomson (TMS.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would join Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc.
The Montreal Expos would be renamed the Washington Nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
Iraq #39;s prime minister said today mistakes were made during a raid on a Baghdad mosque last week that sparked a surge in violence in the capital, and he had ordered an investigation.
The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.
The Montreal Expos would be renamed the Washington Nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.
&lt;strong&gt;Washington Roundup&lt;/strong&gt; Telcos 1: states 0
 LONDON (Reuters) - It changed the lifestyles of a  generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have  been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Check to see whether an e-mail that appears to be from your bank is actually an attempt to defraud you.
Adult publisher Perfect 10 has sued Google for allegedly making available 800,000 unauthorized links to images of Perfect 10 #39;s nude models, advertising revenue and stealing membership fees.
An already qualified Juventus side will host Ajax at the Delle Alpi stadium of Turin for the 5th matchday of the Champions League.
Lee Westwood ignored temperatures in the high 90s to shoot a 1-under 71 Saturday and take the lead after three rounds of the Nedback Challenge.
The sale of iPods is having a ripple effect on the sales of Apple #39;s Macintosh computers leading to a rise in the company #39;s stock price.
The name Pulitzer Inc., synomous with the nation #39;s rich newspaper history, is considering selling its successful newspaper chain.
During the course of this weekend, hackers found an ingenious way to attack Microsofts ubiquitous Internet Explorer: compromise an ad networks servers.
The Air Force and Microsoft have entered two contracts. One consolidates 38 different software licenses throughout the Air Force, while the other consolidates seven service contracts.
Police are launching an investigation into allegations that Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke was racially abused by Blackburn Rovers fans at Ewood Park on Sunday.
According to the Palestinian observer at the United Nations Nasser al-Kidwa, toxicology tests revealed no traces of poison in Arafat #39;s blood.
: Britains Prince Charles, under fire for being old fashioned and elitist, battled today to convince his future subjects he is not out of touch.
The family of John F Kennedy has blasted a video game that reconstructs the scene of his assassination. Monday is the 41st anniversary of the event.
The absence of an official patch from Microsoft for a known and widely exploited Internet Explorer flaw has spawned a cottage industry for homegrown fixes.
The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, the team announced Monday as it released its schedule for the 2005 season.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell has continued his latest Middle East peace mission, urging Israeli and Palestinian leaders to make the most of new chances.
President Bush spent the weekend in Chile, the only South American nation with a free-trade pact with the US.
Members of the 'Havana Night Club' severed national ties to Cuba for a new beginning.
Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.
Dixons, the UK #39;s largest electrical retailer, has today announced plans to phase out the sale of video recorders by the end of the year.
Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.
Patching is the top concern of security managers in federal government, who feel that commercial software makers aren #39;t putting out a good enough product, according to a survey published Monday.
The European Commission #39;s formal objections to the ContentGuard deal centered on the joint control that Microsoft and Time Warner would enjoy over an important player in the digital rights management industry.
Longtime instant messaging player ICQ is going the portal route with the launch of two new e-mail services for its 20 million users.
Perfect 10 is suing Google for unspecified damages, alleging copyright infringement. Google provides unauthorized access to thousands of its copyrighted pictures, Perfect 10 says.
Tiger Woods has closed the gap on world number one Vijay Singh after winning his first strokeplay title of the year in Japan on Sunday.
SAN JOSE, Calif. Nov 22, 2004 - San Jose State coach Fitz Hill resigned Monday with one game left in his fourth straight losing season with the Spartans.
WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- President Bush said Monday he wants to verify if Iran has indeed suspended its nuclear fuel program as it has said it has done.
his own soldiers of emptying his weapon into a Palestinian schoolgirl who was already dead, judicial sources said. The officer was charged with two counts of illegal use of a 
Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL's substance-abuse policy.
Texas withstood foul trouble and the 3-point shooting of Chris Reaves for an 84-62 victory over Chaminade on Monday in the opening round of the Maui Invitational.
The World Series champion Boston Red Sox raised their ticket prices by an average of 7 percent for next year, with the price of field boxes increasing by \$10 to \$85.
A prototype surfboard includes a notebook that allows surfers to check the latest wave and weather reports, navigate the Web and check e-mail between rides. Missing Links
Security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
Third-quarter figures showing Cisco Systems continues to lose ground may be due to rough product transition.
Computerworld's game expert reports: great graphics, good ergonomics and a decent launch library of games.
IBM and Honeywell International are teaming up in a 10-year engineering and technology services deal that covers the design and development of electronics for aircraft, munitions and vehicles.
Computer Associates is set to name IBM sales executive John Swainson as its new CEO, completing a long search to replace indicted former CEO Sanjay Kumar, industry sources said.
Linux e-mail and calendaring vendor Scalix has joined the nonprofit Open Source Development Labs to help push the implementation of desktop Linux.
Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites over the weekend may have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts said today.
Dragon NaturallySpeaking 8 works well as a dictation tool, but its PC controls are still limited.
Swainson, a 26-year IBMer, most recently led the worldwide sales organization for the company #39;s software group. He replaces interim CEO Kenneth Cron.
A malicious trojan for phones based on Nokia #39;s Series 60 smartphone platform disguised as shareware was revealed late last week.
KIRKLAND - Seahawks wide receiver Koren Robinson was suspended for four games today for violating the NFLs substance abuse policy.
Reuters - Seattle Seahawks wide receiver\Koren Robinson has been suspended without pay for four games by\the league for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.
AP - A powerful earthquake shook much of New Zealand's South Island on Tuesday, but emergency services said they had no immediate reports of injury or significant damage.
Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.
Robinson has been suspended without pay for the next four Seahawks games for violating the NFL #39;s substance abuse policy, according to a statement from the NFL released this afternoon.
MADRID : Real Madrid club captain Raul said the nine-times European Champions had already got their 3-0 thrashing by bitter rivals Barcelona out of their system.
AP - Rene Portland is taking a leave of absence for medical reasons during her 25th year as Penn State's women's basketball coach.
 NEW YORK (Sports Network) - New York Yankees outfielder  Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his  ailing left shoulder.
China's President in Hu is in Havana for talks expected to centre on Chinese investment in Cuba's metal and telecoms.
We consume more every year, and the building industry is no exception. But more complex buildings are creating bigger problems when it comes to dealing with waste.
American Airlines, the world #39;s largest carrier, said Monday that it would delay the deliveries of 54 Boeing planes to save \$2.7 billion through 2010.
The Boise Airport is bracing for the two busiest travel days of the year on Wednesday and Sunday. Travelers are advised to arrive at least two hours before their departure time.
AFP - British security services have foiled an Al-Qaeda plot to fly planes into targets in London in a September 11-style attack, Britain's independent ITV News network reported.
HAVING shown a snobbish disdain for the notion of winning ugly, Tottenham Hotspur now appear addicted to the new artform of losing pretty.
AP - Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
PARIS Yasser Arafat #39;s death remained a mystery Monday when his nephew said he could not rule out that the Palestinian leader had been poisoned.
AP - Here's some advice from the Capital One Bowl for Iowa fans thinking about reserving flights to Orlando: Book them.
AP - Troubled business software company Computer Associates International Inc. reportedly has selected longtime IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive.
Online intruders hit a server owned by advertising host Falk and use it to distribute a destructive program via banner ads.
Security managers in government agencies are most worried about patches and the poor quality of commercial software, a survey finds.
San Jose, CA (Sports Network) - San Jose State head football coach Fitz Hill announced his resignation, effective at season #39;s end.
AP - Mike Mularkey is shrugging off St. Louis coach Mike Martz's accusations that Buffalo players took cheap shots during their win over the Rams.
AP - The Texas Longhorns might want to forget about the Bowl Championship Series. It looks like the BCS has all but forgotten them.
 CLEMSON, S.C. (Sports Network) - NBA commissioner David  Stern isn't the only one coming down hard on brawling.
It often seems as if Ron Artest cannot help being at the center of a storm.
TORONTO, (Nov. 22, 2004) -- About 3,800 UPS Canada employees, represented by the Canadian Council of Teamsters, have gone on strike.
For years, experts have argued over who killed President John Kennedy and whether it was the work of a lone gunman. Now, after four decades of endless speculation, a 
Routemaster buses, red telephone boxes, high street bank branches - are becoming endangered species, nostalgic protests inevitably follow.
Jennifer Wilson, vice president of marketing and data at e-mail performance management firm Return Path, said there is still plenty of interest in new e-mail services.
Chipmaker Broadcom said Monday that has released new technology that increases the range of 802.11g chipsets by as much as 50 percent.
Boston Red Sox outfielder Gabe Kapler has signed with the Yomiuri Giants in Japan, opting for the chance to play every day over a return to the World Series champions.
While elder brother Peyton continues his relentless assault on the record books, Eli Manning took his first steps towards a stellar career in the NFL on Sunday, when he made his first start 
Mike Mularkey is shrugging off St. Louis coach Mike Martz #39;s accusations that Buffalo players took cheap shots during their win over the Rams.
AP - Japan's financial markets were closed Tuesday for a national holiday. Markets will reopen on Wednesday.
Detroit's Ben Wallace will not appeal the six-game suspension the NBA gave him for his involvement in Friday night's brawl with the Pacers.
With PeopleSoft stocksholders reportedly tendering some 60 percent of the company #39;s shares, Oracle is pressing forward with its proposed hostile takeover.
Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.
The men and women with smiles on their faces and drinks in their hands had come a long way for dinner -- all the way from Iraq, in fact.
Donald Trump bowed to the inevitable late on Sunday, sending his casino empire into bankruptcy for the second time in its troubled history.
With its great plains of concrete and endless shopping malls, Long Island would seem an unlikely location for wildlife research. Yet this winter a team of waterfowl biologists will follow 
Dwight Yorke, the Birmingham City striker at the centre of a police investigation into alleged racism at Blackburn Rovers on Sunday, is upset by the lack of support he 
Three former Washington Senators attended Monday #39;s press conference in which city and team officials announced that Washington, DC #39;s new baseball team would be named the Nationals.
AP - Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield will have arthroscopic surgery Tuesday on his left shoulder, which didn't improve after two weeks of rehabilitation.
Military prosecutors charged an army captain today with five separate offenses after accusations by fellow soldiers that he repeatedly shot a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure she was dead.
AP - Navy accepted an invitation to the Emerald Bowl, putting the Midshipmen in the postseason in consecutive years for just the second time in school history.
Reuters - McDonald's Corp. \President and Chief Executive Charlie Bell stepped down\effective immediately to focus on his cancer treatment, the\company said on Monday.
Peru midfielder Nolberto Solano helped Aston Villa to a 1-0 win over Tottenham Hotspur, handing the London club sixth straight league defeat Monday in the PremierLeague.
COLUMBIA, SC A source tells The Associated Press that Steve Spurrier will be hired as Lou Holtz #39;s replacement at South Carolina.
Marines in Fallujah shot and killed an insurgent who opened fire on them while faking dead Sunday, the 1st Marine Division announced Monday.
Users of Nokia #39;s 7610 smart phone and other phones running Symbian #39;s Series 60 software should be aware of a new Trojan program on the Internet.
Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign as the top IT priority among IT managers due to widespread IP telephony deployment and other network infrastructure upgrades.
Bones from the biggest dinosaur so far reported by scientists in Europe have been discovered in the Isle of Wight. A single neck bone from the 125 million to 130 million-year 
LEXINGTON, Ky. Nov 22, 2004 - Kentucky offensive coordinator Ron Hudson resigned Monday after directing one of the worst offenses in college football this season.
Tony Dorsett was impressed with Curtis Martin the first time he saw the running back suit up for the University of Pittsburgh. Not much has changed since.
Colin Powell, the outgoing American secretary of state, voiced hopes yesterday for a revival in the Middle East peace process following his first meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in more than 18 months.
The wild one. Computer Associates International (nyse: CA - news - people ) has named John Swainson as its new chief executive, reports say.
US STOCKS rose yesterday as a higher price target for the shares of Apple Computer generated enthusiasm for technology stocks and investors waved off worry about a decline in the dollar.
The Mozilla Foundation has updated the German-language version of Firefox in a bid to defuse a growing controversy over the way its search toolbar handles private customer data.
Logistics support firm Isotrak, whose customers include Tesco and Royal Mail, has used blade servers to expand its computing capacity without enlarging its datacentres.
BONES from the biggest dinosaur ever discovered in the UK have been excavated by fossil hunters on the Isle of Wight, according to scientists.
Indiana Pacers officials backed their players as the National Basketball Association rang with recriminations in the wake of a violent brawl between Pacers players and fans in Detroit.
US President George W. Bush has vowed to seek more funding for a sweeping plan to battle cocaine production and defeat heavily armed rebels in Colombia.
Investor's Business Daily - Growing use of digital music players has cell phone makers singing a happy tune.
Reuters - A strong earthquake shook New\Zealand's South Island on Tuesday but there were no reports of\injuries or major damage, officials and witnesses said.
AP - Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.
Advanced Micro Devices has started to ship the Sempron 3000 chip for budget notebooks.
Symbian says the Skulls program that disrupts some cell phones might not be a Trojan horse.
Two former MCI honchos to introduce unlimited domestic calling to any number, plus some international dialing, for about \$16 a month.
McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said Chief Executive and President Charlie Bell has resigned to focus on his fight against cancer.
ING Groep, the largest Dutch financial services company, agreed Monday to sell London-based Baring Asset Management to two US buyers.
Microsoft is hoping its Web-based TV service will attract ageing users to surf the Internet, read e-mail and view digital photos - all without a computer.
AP - Things are going so well with the surprising San Diego Chargers that they're asking season-ticket holders for playoff deposits and one of their least-known players is dating Pamela Anderson.
Knicks guard Allan Houston pronounced himself ready to begin scrimmaging, and he could get his first chance later this week.
WASHINGTON The Pentagon is reopening a controversial 23 (b) billion dollar deal with Boeing to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force.
AstraZeneca is spending 75 million pounds to take a 20 percent stake in Cambridge Antibody Technology and boost its position in one of the fastest-growing fields of drug research.
AP - Megan Duffy scored 15 points and Jacqueline Batteast added 14 points, nine rebounds and seven assists to lead Notre Dame to a 69-47 victory over Colorado State on Monday night.
Chinese President Hu Jintao visits Cuba's Fidel Castro, as the two communist countries seek closer ties.
New measures to fight crime and drugs are expected to be at the heart of the Queen's Speech on Tuesday.
McDonald #39;s Corp. CEO Charlie Bell, who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer in May, resigned Monday to focus on his battle with the disease, the company announced.
Football #39;s authorities have called for renewed vigilance against racism in the game following the reported abuse towards Dwight Yorke at Blackburn.
Masters champion Phil Mickelson and British Open winner Todd Hamilton took two very different roads to get to the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.
A southern Indiana county is keeping its hopes up for an economic revival led by Donald Trump #39;s casino even though his casino company has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Trot Nixon couldn #39;t wait to see the Red Sox playoff run on the big screen. The Boston outfielder already knew the ending would be great.
Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance-abuse policy.
AP - The NBA's problems cut deeper than image, go further than the fighting in Detroit, and can't be solved simply by suspensions.
AP - Fighting near a village in Sudan's crisis-plagued Darfur region killed at least 17 people Monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape.
Kenyon Martin made it clear Sunday that he did not hold Rod Thorn responsible for his departure after he spent his first four N.B.A. seasons with the Nets.
\Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz says his country stands for peace and dialogue ahead of a visit to India.
(Sports Network) - The defending world champion Detroit Pistons will try to get back to the .500 mark tonight, when they travel to New Orleans to battle the struggling Hornets.
Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.
NEW YORK -- After three weeks of rest didn #39;t do the trick, Gary Sheffield will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left shoulder on Tuesday.
Gabe Kapler became the first player to leave the World Series champion Boston Red Sox, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Yomiuri Giants in Tokyo.
US President George W Bush has called for a verification into Iran #39;s claims of having suspended uranium enrichment, and having no nuclear weapons ambitions.
The 242-year-old Baring name is to pass into American ownership after it was sold by the Dutch bank ING which rescued it from collapse nearly a decade ago.
It is being billed as the next VHS versus Betamax, the seminal TV technology culture clash that left millions of pieces of domestic equipment obsolete almost as soon as they had been built.
With a new name, a new logo and a new generation of baseball fans, the nation #39;s capital now has a new baseball team, the Nationals.
The Deacons resume Preseason NIT action on Wednesday with a clash against Providence in the semifinals...Wake Forest leads the all-time series with Yale, 5-1.
More than 40 aid workers were dramatically rescued by helicopter yesterday as violence, including aerial bombardments of a town, flared across Sudan #39;s crisis-plagued Darfur region.
AP - Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan have been released unharmed after more than three weeks in captivity, Afghan officials said Tuesday.
England #39;s Lee Westwood leads South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen by one shot going into the final day of the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City.
Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Alberta's Progressive Conservatives set a new benchmark for electoral success Monday, winning a record 10th consecutive majority government.
Reuters - A pod of dolphins circled\protectively round a group of New Zealand swimmers to fend off\an attack by a great white shark, media reported on Tuesday.
Iraqi forces will protect polling places during the coming elections, but there are far fewer trained security officers than needed.
Medical researchers said the U.S. needs a system independent of the F.D.A. to detect harmful effects of drugs already on the market.
Microsoft has released an update to resolve a buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 6, which could allow attackers to run arbitrary code and take control of vulnerable systems.
Fort Worth, Texas-based, American Airlines says it will defer 54 of 56 Boeing aircraft scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, American said Monday.
MARYSVILLE, Wash. -- Plans for a NASCAR race track in Snohomish County crashed and burned Monday, when local leaders advised International Speedway Corp.
Sending people to the moon and Mars is no longer just President Bush #39;s vision. It #39;s officially the United States #39; new mission in space.
Fighting near a village in Sudan #39;s crisis-plagued Darfur region killed at least 17 people Monday, while helicopters rescued dozens of workers who fled into the bush to escape.
South Carolina and Clemson said they would decline postseason bowl bids because of their brawl Saturday, and that means Lou Holtz has coached his final game.
The UN welcomes plans by the military government to free some 4,000 prisoners, including political detainees.
_December 2002: Jack M. Greenberg retires after four years as chairman and CEO as the company struggles to emerge from a deep, two-year slump.
An African Union helicopter rescued 45 aid workers, 30 from the Save the Children organization, amid renewed fighting in Sudan #39;s Darfur region Monday.
McDonald's announced that Charles H. Bell was resigning as chief to focus on his battle with cancer, and will be succeeded by James Skinner, the vice chairman.
CNN appointed Jonathan Klein, who used to be the No..2 executive at CBS News, as president of its domestic network.
Computer Associates International is expected to announce that its new chief executive will be John Swainson, an I.B.M. executive with strong technical and sales credentials.
The chairman of the appropriations subcommittee with jurisdiction over the I.R.S. budget said the measure had been inserted without his knowledge.
The Big Apples counterfeit-goods industry cost the city \$1.03 billion in lost tax revenue last year, says Comptroller Bill Thompson in a new report.
The pathway to greater success may not be through the computers of song-swappers, though undoubtedly they will use the technology.
AP - Southern California vs. Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl appears to be three victories away  #151; two by USC and one by the Sooners.
AP - Retired running back Ricky Williams has turned up in an unlikely spot  #151; at a Northern California school for holistic medicine.
US President George W. Bush on Monday reofferred the backup for Colombian President Alvaro Uribe in his war against drug production and rebels nationwide.
AFP - A senior Chinese central bank official has warned the United States not to blame other countries for its own economic difficulties, a report said.
AFP - Three foreign United Nations workers kidnapped and held hostage in Afghanistan for three weeks were released, police and officials told AFP.
Nobby Solano struck a spectacular winner for Villa, but Spurs boss Martin Jol insisted:  quot;I think we are in for a good spell soon.
Lyon playmaker Juninho would prefer three points from Saturdays French League clash with Auxerre to victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford tonight.
The Pentagon will hold a competition to replace its aging fleet of refueling tankers, potentially pitting aerospace giant Boeing Co.
American businesses would face \$105 billion in higher telephone bills during the next 10 years if the Federal Communications Commission deregulates access to the high-capacity loops that serve business customers.
McDonald #39;s Corp. said on Monday that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just seven months after 
Looking to regain its footing, Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) will reportedly tap IBM (Quote, Chart) veteran John Swainson as CEO.
HERSHEY, Pa. Hershey Foods is buying the company that makes Manua Loa Macadamia Nuts, a move designed to boost its snack offerings.
NASA is preparing to eliminate 100 contractor processing jobs at Kennedy Space Center starting Dec. 1 under a 2005 operating plan approved by the shuttle program #39;s manager last week.
Lancashire police have opened a criminal investigation into allegations that Birmingham #39;s Dwight Yorke suffered racial abuse during Sunday #39;s 3-3 Premiership draw away to Blackburn Rovers.
City and team officials announced at a Monday press conference at the Main Hall in Union Station that Washington, DC #39;s baseball team would be named the Nationals.
An attempt to block the Bush administration's proposed changes in overtime rules was killed before the 2005 spending bill received final congressional approval over the weekend.
Rubber now dominates farming and ties this settlement of 216 people to China's industrial boom.
Securities industry regulators barred former investment banker Frank P. Quattrone Monday from ever working in the securities industry again.
Key lawmakers will try to amend the state constitution to curtail the governor's ability to sell off state-owned properties -- especially land bought in the name of preservation.
In the wake of the NBA's big basketbrawl, the Internet served its predictable role, offering up...
The Swiss mining company Xstrata began a hostile \$5.8 billion bid for the Australian mining company WMC Resources yesterday, in what analysts said could turn into an international bidding war 
Crude oil futures fell slightly Monday as traders speculated that slower economic growth next year might ease global oil demand. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, crude 
The casino empire of Donald J. Trump has filed for bankruptcy protection after months of negotiations with bondholders over restructuring a crushing debt.
A drop in oil prices spurred an afternoon stock rally yesterday, bringing investors back into the market despite lingering concerns over the strength of the dollar and the nation #39;s trade deficit.
Ata security checkpoint recently at the Fort Lauderdale airport, Patti LuPone, the singer and actress, recalled, she was instructed to remove articles of clothing.
Wondering what your shiny new Nintendo DS looks like on the inside? Lik Sang saves you the trouble--and voided warranty--with a new online...
Sick of all the analogies of surfing the Web to actual surfing? Well, here's a literal one for...
Broadcom has rolled out a line of local area network (LAN) chipsets it says can boost the range of existing Wi-Fi networks by as much as 50 percent.
The Expos were rechristened the Washington Nationals yesterday with a few glitches and a tussle - but just in time for the Christmas shopping season.
Can computers get along fine without writers? Word is they just might. In an essay in the New York Times...
Less than two weeks after the Sudanese government and rebels reached a partial agreement aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, two clashes in that western Sudan 
The traditional competition for U.S. offshore outsourcing business was between nations. That's about to change, according to a new study.
New venture in India raises questions about the evolution of offshore outsourcing.
Hong Kong investigates after TV programmes beamed into China are allegedly hacked into by Falun Gong.
Worthington Industries CIO Jonathan Dove tells Computerworld that he sees the role of the CIO changing.
TROUBLED business software company Computer Associates has reportedly selected long-time IBM executive John Swainson as its new chief executive.
The federal government has long imposed unique ethical responsibilities on its contractors. Following the defense procurement scandals of the 1980s such as Operation Ill Wind, Congress considerably increased 
Major League Baseball #39;s Washington, DC franchise finally got a name Monday, nearly two months after the team relocated from Montreal.
Jeremiah Trotter got his revenge Sunday, leading an Eagles defense that pounded the Redskins - the team that released Trotter this summer.
They were released a while back this morning, said a government official, who did not want to be identified, adding that he had no more details.
Hartford officials are pointing to steadily decreasing crime statistics and an overhauled police department in an attempt to discredit a national survey ranking Hartford the country #39;s seventh-dangerous city.
Tyler airlines are gearing up for the beginning of holiday travel, as officials offer tips to help travelers secure tickets and pass through checkpoints with ease.
Reuters - Anecdotal evidence of public criticism of
President Bush said Monday he will lobby Congress next year to renew US anti-narcotics funding for this South American country amid concern in Washington about the federal budget deficit.
Three foreign UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan were freed unharmed Tuesday, almost four weeks after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the capital Kabul, the United Nations said.
White House officials were still shaking their heads in disbelief yesterday that President Bush personally had to rescue a US Secret Service agent from angry Chilean security officials Saturday night.
Pakistan plans to sell its first Islamic bonds by January as it seeks to tap rising demand for securities that conform to Muslim law, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said in an interview.
HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Hong Kong-based New Star International Investment Products (Asia) Ltd. is all set to expand its operations to Taiwan and Singapore next 
FULLSTRETCH: Roger Federer of Switzerland returns a shot in the first set against Lleyton Hewitt in their Tennis Masters Cup finals match on Sunday.
India crawled to 235 for one at lunch as the first Test against South Africa in Kanpur headed towards a draw on the fourth day today.
Afghan officials say three United Nations workers kidnapped on Oct. 28th in Kabul were freed late Monday in Kabul. The hostages were released late Monday and are in good condition, three Afghan officials 
PLANS by al-Qaeda terrorists to crash aircraft into Canary Wharf and at Heathrow have been thwarted by the security services, it was claimed last night.
An astonishing new technology allows one set of sensory information to substitute for another in the brain.
Oracle said that it was at an impasse with PeopleSoft Inc., signaling that the two software makers will wage a proxy battle.
In a move that appears aimed at energizing CNN #39;s prime-time lineup, the cable news outlet announced yesterday that Jonathan Klein, a former executive vice 
Cut-price carrier Virgin Blue said Tuesday the cost of using Australian airports is spiraling upward and asked the government to review the deregulated system of charges.
Any new plan to replace Air Force tankers will include re-opening bids to companies besides Boeing, according to US Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz.
The death of the VHS video recorder came a step closer yesterday when the UK #39;s largest electronics chain said it would stop selling them.
LONDON -- Prince Charles tried to put the record straight yesterday about his views on education in a speech that only a handful of Church of England bishops were allowed to hear.
AFP - Three United Nations hostages have been freed after almost four weeks in captivity in Afghanistan, with kidnappers claiming that Taliban prisoners were due to be released in exchange.
Two top portfolio managers at Harvard Management Company each earned more than \$25 million in fiscal 2004 for having delivered one of the best returns among all university endowments in the country.
With a green light from Congress, NASA is moving swiftly to carry out President Bush #39;s ambitious plan to return robots and humans to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Kevin Garnett made two free throws with five seconds remaining Monday to give the Minnesota Timberwolves an 83-82 victory over the Dallas Mavericks.
Flush from their victories in this month #39;s elections, President Bush and Republicans in Congress must now show that they #39;re capable of governing.
Rob Chermesino's college-educated friends went into finance and sales. His fiance is a meeting planner. Chermesino picked up a wrench.
Crude oil futures prices fell around the globe yesterday following a steep run-up on Friday that was prompted by persistent concerns about winter fuel supplies.
Harvard University #39;s endowment paid its two top investment managers about \$25 million each last year, less than the pair earned a year ago, but still enough 
Three years ago, the city lost its legal battle to remove violent video games from public arcades in Indianapolis. As defeats go, this one was in some respects a crusher.
Angie Daugherty was so eager to take possession of her new-breed Labradoodle pup that she drove up to Lapel to see it at two weeks of age.
Dwight Yorkes former international team-mate Stern John has questioned Birmingham chief David Sullivans place in the game after his comments on footballs latest race row.
In catching his first pass of the game for 22 yards, Tony Gonzalez moved ahead of former Viking Steve Jordan into fifth place in all-time receiving yards for tight ends.
The United Nations is investigating around 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Rescue operation atthe site of an air crash killing all 53 people aboard a commuter plane and one more on the ground on Sunday morning was declared conclusion Tuesday.
North Korea said today it could resume six-nation talks on its nuclear weapons programmes if the US agrees to change its policy toward the communist state.
Efforts to ease the Chinese economy off the boil are working but rapid exchange rate change is off the agenda, the Chinese president says.
No one may be more prepared to brave this week #39;s holiday travel rush than Craig and Angela Koven, of Indianapolis, who plan to fly to Orlando to visit family.
AFP - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has confirmed the English Premiership club's desire to bring Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes to Anfield during the January transfer window.
With PeopleSoft #39;s stockholders tendering more than 60 percent of shares, Oracle #39;s takeover bid looks poised for success. By Associated Press.
ALL four living former US presidents have agreed to become honorary directors of the project for a permanent memorial to the victims of the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Centre.
Web site visitors who clicked on banner ads on a number of popular European Web sites this weekend could have infected their computers with variants of the Bofra worm, experts warn.
Dogs must be between 14 and 30 months old and between 22 and 24 inches when measured from the top of the shoulder blade to the floor.
With power forward Etan Thomas having missed the entire season, reserve forward Michael Ruffin has done well in taking his place.
NBA players charge into the stands and punch fans. College football players get into a brawl and one kicks another in the head as he #39;s lying facedown on the ground.
AP - Norv Turner took no solace in the fact his Oakland Raiders played San Diego much closer this time. In Turner's mind, a loss is a loss.
Load up the kids and drive for hours. Fork out money for gas or plane tickets. Keep our cool in traffic jams and airport security lines.
Arizona leads the nation in seat-belt use, according to a federal survey, news that means fewer injuries and deaths on the road and possibly lower insurance rates, according to one state official.
NEW YORK -- The four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the World Trade Center memorial project, Gov. George Pataki announced Monday.
Clemson and South Carolina will not accept bowl bids, punishment for players who brawled toward the end of Saturday's game.
Only Syracuse University stands in the way of Boston College as the Eagles vie for their first Big East title and the inside track for the conference's automatic Bowl Championship Series slot.
Chile's government says 700 people were arrested and 20 police injured during protests over the Apec summit.
More than a third of Chinese people who fall ill do not go to a doctor because they cannot afford to, a survey finds.
Sir Alex Ferguson is set to take charge of Man Utd for the 1,000th time.
Michael Ovitz #39;s wacky ideas for bonding with employees made it impossible for him to fit in at media giant Disney, according to a former executive.
Iran announced yesterday that it has frozen all uranium-enrichment programs, weakening a US effort to refer its suspect nuclear activities to the UN Security Council.
AFP - Women activists urged Sri Lankan authorities to step up protection for tsunami survivors amid unconfirmed reports some had been molested or even gang raped at refugee shelters.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says state seat belt use increased from about 69 percent in 2003 to 72 percent in 2004.
Crude oil futures eased a shade Tuesday in range-bound trade as analysts predicted a weekly US oil inventories report could show a rise in stocks.
On Monday, Fox will announce a four-year deal to carry four Bowl Championship Series games, according to an executive familiar with the negotiations, starting with bowls after the 2006 regular season.
Three investment banks, otherwise known as  #39;Speed Investments #39;, own most of the Formula One business but are suing Bambino for a representative slice of control.
Three foreign UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan have been freed unharmed, almost four weeks after they were abducted at gunpoint on the streets of the capital Kabul.
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accused UN peacekeepers in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on Friday of sexually abusing women and children.
Military prosecutors yesterday charged an army captain with five separate offenses after fellow soldiers accused him of repeatedly shooting a 13-year-old Palestinian schoolgirl to make sure that she was dead.
AFP - A political crisis gripped a bitterly divided Ukraine as the pro-West opposition planned more mass demonstrations to protest a contested presidential vote claimed by the Russia-friendly prime minister.
The UN has photos and video footage of sexual abuses committed by UN staff in DR Congo, says an official.
NASA officials held an international workshop last week in Washington DC, with representatives from China, the European Union, and 17 other countries to consider opportunities and possible collaborations 
Two days after Ron Artest and a similarly disposed mob of arrogant rich people did the unacceptable, David Stern attempted to do the impossible.
KABUL, Afghanistan -- Three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan four weeks ago were released unharmed today, a day after a string of raids by US and Afghan security forces.
The United Nations is investigating some 150 allegations of sexual abuse by UN civilian staff and soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A new computer game which recreates John F Kennedy #39;s assassination was branded despicable yesterday by late president #39;s family.
Visiting UN Security Council diplomats push for 2005 elections in DR Congo despite huge obstacles.
In a big management shakeup aimed at halting a brutal assault from rival Fox News, CNN has pushed aside the head of its US network.
As the high-pressure holiday travel season rolls in, the transportation industry is anticipating some of the highest numbers seen in four years.
If Drew Brees was watching TV and saw the Kansas City Chiefs play pass defense last night, he must have been smiling and rubbing his palms together in anticipation.
Sometime tonight, perhaps at tipoff, the memories may all hit Kenyon Martin at once, with the force of one of his punishing dunks.
The Cendant Corporation is planning to announce today that it will spin off its Wright Express unit in an initial public offering that is expected to raise more than \$1 billion.
McDonald #39;s Corp., the world #39;s largest restaurant chain, said CEO and President Charlie Bell has resigned to focus on his fight against cancer.
Budget airline EasyJet today reported a 21 improvement in annual profits but warned that it expected competition to remain intense this winter.
PC World - Copernic Desktop Search does the work without Google's security flaws.
Without denying the reports, Jets quarterback Chad Pennington yesterday tried to quell rumors that he #39;ll require arthroscopic surgery to have the strained rotator cuff in 
World leaders gathered in Egypt for an international conference on Iraq focused on another Mideast issue early Tuesday the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians.
PARIS -- Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat #39;s medical records show no definite diagnosis explaining his death, his nephew said Monday.
&lt;strong&gt;Site Notice&lt;/strong&gt; Some rough figures
Owners of the Nokia 7610 are warned to look out for a malicious program that makes phones almost useless.
A national database is being set up to help return lost and stolen phones to their rightful owners.
Corporations, municipalities and foreign governments have grown wary of the big three credit-rating companies as they have expanded into global powers without formal oversight.
Two primary architects of Congress's last major tax reform say President Bush so far has failed to lay the groundwork for his ambitious tax agenda.
The result cheered the beef industry, which had braced itself to hear that a second case of mad cow disease had been discovered in the U.S.
The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
Wal-Mart is to allow its Chinese employees to join a trade union following pressure from the Chinese authorities.
China and Cuba sign a multi-million dollar nickel deal as the communist nations seek closer ties.
US mobile phone giant Cingular announces plans to cut about 7,000 jobs in the next 12 to 18 months.
Shares in the Russian oil giant Yukos lose more than a fifth of their value, as the company faces a tax fine of \$2.5bn.
Second quarter profits at ketchup maker Heinz are hit by higher material and transport costs.
The Palestinian economy is in crisis, performing well below its potential, the World Bank says.
European aerospace firm EADS says it is ready to tender for a bid to supply refuelling planes to the US air force.
Advertising giant WPP's purchase of Grey Global is temporarily put on hold after files submitted to EU regulators were found to be incomplete.
The move came two months after Dan Rather acknowledged flaws in a report on President Bush's National Guard service.
Merck officials had evidence far back as 2001 that Vioxx might not help thousands of users of the arthritis and pain drug.
Regulators are apparently not basking in the spirit of holiday giving, at least where Wall Street is concerned.
Jack Daniel's puts on a strong performance as Brown-Forman's earnings grow strongly.
Discount retailer meets expectations, forecasts 19 earnings gain next quarter.
Icahn is involved in the Mylan-King Pharmaceuticals deal for his benefit only.
Time Warner is close to settling a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into accounting at America Online, a person close to the negotiations said yesterday.
Shares shuffled to a mixed finish yesterday, rebounding from earlier lows as oil prices retreated after surging past \$50 a barrel.
AP - Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission disclosed Tuesday.
AP - Ricky Williams will serve a four-game suspension beginning next month, then will be reinstated to the Miami Dolphins by the NFL, according to his lawyer.
AP - Wayne Simien had 20 points and 13 rebounds, and No. 2 Kansas shot 63 percent during a 91-51 rout of St. Joseph's on Tuesday night.
AP - While the stars take their time, midlevel free agents are starting to make deals.
The method could also be used to determine if more than one hand was involved in creating the work, something physical forensic science has never been able to do.
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expanded its Mobile Sempron processor family with a higher performing model and integrated EVP anti virus technology.
The three most famous European authors of open-source software today issued an appeal against software patents in Europe. Linux author Linus Torvalds, MySQL author Michael Windenius and 
A device that can record and play back video to and from videotapes (video cassettes). A trademark and industry standard for the tape format used in VCRs.
When the notion of creating high-definition, commercial broadcast television in the US first arose in the 1980s, few were ready for it.
Another Web browser usage survey is showing a familiar trend: Mozilla #39;s share is rising at the expense of Internet Explorer. Global usage share numbers released Monday by OneStat.
MANCHESTER, England: Manchester United qualified for the Champions League knockout phase with a 2-1 Group D victory over French champions Olympique Lyon last night.
Sacramento Kings guard Bobby Jackson, right, tries to shoot over the outstretched arm of Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, of China, left, during the fourth quarter in Sacramento, Calif.
Join Group F leaders Barcelona take on Celtic today, knowing that a draw and a point will be enough for them to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Indonesian media reports said the man alleged to be the field coordinator behind the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta has been arrested.
Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz meets his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh on Wednesday to hold talks that are expected to put aside a recent spat over disputed 
LONDON: The British government announced yesterday a range of new measures to fight global terrorism and organised crime, as Queen Elizabeth set out its new lawmaking agenda.
 LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers  placed rookie guard Shaun Livingston on the injured list  Tuesday with a dislocated right kneecap.
Reuters - Britain proposed new laws on Tuesday to\stop increasingly militant animal rights campaigners from\harassing scientists involved in medical experiments.
AP - Pope John Paul II received an honorary degree Tuesday from Nicholas Copernicus University in his native Poland, calling it a "sign of dialogue" between science and faith.
SPACE.com - Incredibly massive black holes had fully matured just a billion years after the birth of the universe, according to two separate studies.
AP - More than a dozen conservation and public health advocacy groups joined on Tuesday to throw their collective support behind further legislative action to prevent global warming.
Steve Spurrier arrived Tuesday at Williams-Brice Stadium to be introduced as the new football coach at the University of South Carolina.
The brawl that erupted last week at a basketball game has exposed the weakness of a common assumption: that anger can be treated almost as if it were an infection.
AP - Congress has approved spending another  #36;2.6 million to research putting Asian oysters in the Chesapeake Bay.
Alonzo Mourning again shook things up when he questioned the Nets' new owner, Bruce C. Ratner, on his motive for purchasing the team.
It took Deion Branch nine weeks to get his  quot;breath quot; back but when he did he left the Kansas City Chiefs breathless.
It was another record-setting day for the Kansas City Chiefs' offense last night, but New England proved it could get by with focusing primarily on stopping the run.
Ron Artest asks the public to "move on," as reports that an additional player was involved in the melee reach local authorities.
The surprising death of Justin Strzelczyk, a former starter with the Steelers, leaves his friends and family with unanswered questions.
Quarterback Sam Hollenbach will start Maryland's season-ending game against Wake Forest unless Jordan Steffy makes a highly improbable recovery from a concussion.
Steve Spurrier takes over at South Carolina on Tuesday, returning to the college ranks after a three-year absence, and replacing Lou Holtz.
The NFL coaches whose job security is under the most intense scrutiny these days are the Cleveland Browns' Butch Davis and the New Orleans Saints' Jim Haslett.
Bruce Gradkowski directs six second-half touchdown drives in Toledo's 49-41 victory Tuesday night over Bowling Green, putting the Rockets in the MAC title game.
Rashad McCants scores 27 points and North Carolina rides a sharp first half to a 94-81 victory over Tennessee in the semifinals of the Maui Invitational.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Just you try battling the pigopolists, mate
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Premium hand-tuning service available
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And just how long is a piece of string?
A California-based pornographer says it is suing  Google for providing illegal access to its website.
For the first time outside London, Welsh businesses join workshops to speak to police about internet crime.
Plans for a new compulsory ID card scheme are unveiled during the Queen's Speech.
Many drivers are ignoring the ban on using phones while driving, a survey suggests as tough new measures are expected.
An advert for a Vietnam War PlayStation 2 game is banned over a reference to napalm.
Reuters - Thousands of demonstrators pressing to\install Ukraine's opposition leader as president after a\disputed election launched fresh street rallies in the capital\for the third day Wednesday.
Congress is letting employers hire 20,000 more foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government's fiscal year.
Patents that result from collaboration between universities and companies won new protections from legal challenge under legislation that passed Congress over the weekend.
It makes no sense, but when a huge, faceless corporation rejects you, it still hurts.
Tropical honeybees survived the devastating nuclear winter thought to have helped kill off the dinosaurs.
\The high survival rate among the injured at the battle of Waterloo could help inform modern medicine.
AP - The state elections board certified nearly all results from the Nov. 2 election on Tuesday, but withheld approval of the outcome of two statewide races that are the subject of protests.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - It's shaping up to be a very  merry holiday season for online retailers.
They are working to repair an image tattered by homegrown radicals - and to find a place in mainstream society.
Ukraine's president and opposition agree to hold talks, as huge protests over disputed elections continue.
\Smoking killed almost 5 million people around the world in 2000, researchers have calculated.
Reuters journalists are said to be close to striking over the outsourcing of reporting jobs to India.
Pakistani PM Shaukat Aziz is to continue dialogue with India in talks with counterpart Manmohan Singh.
UN Security Council envoys are visiting eastern DR Congo, where UN troops maintain a fragile peace.
French President Jacques Chirac is to go to Libya on Wednesday, for the first such visit since 1951.
Sure, the Nintendo DS portable game machine is a technical wonder, with its super-sensitive touch screen, built-in wireless capability and
\Burma sets a new date for a constitutional conference seen as a first step towards democracy.
Sir Alex Ferguson is "ecstatic" as Man Utd reach the Champions League knockout stage by beating Lyon.
Zimbabwe denies British journalists entry - but England's tour still looks set to go ahead.
The Nato head in Bosnia defends efforts to detain Bosnian Serb leaders ahead of a war crimes report.
World leaders end a conference on the future of Iraq with strong support for the January polls.
A Hindu cleric facing murder charges in southern India is also accused of ordering an attack on a former devotee.
A new bill aimed at tackling organised crime will be published by the government on Wednesday morning.
U.S., British and Iraqi troops began a new offensive sweep across a region south of Baghdad known as the triangle of death.
Afghan officials denied Tuesday that they struck a deal with kidnappers who released three foreign U.N. workers unharmed in Kabul.
Three U.N. workers kidnapped in Afghanistan four weeks ago were released unharmed Tuesday, a day after a string of raids by U.S. and Afghan security forces.
 Law enforcement officials said yesterday that they have broken up the largest known document fraud ring in Northern Virginia, charging 26 people in a scheme to sell identification to thousands of Indonesian immigrants nationwide.
The controversial multi-million pound fund set up by key directors of MG Rover parent company Phoenix Venture Holdings was  quot;quite modest quot;, chairman John Towers has claimed.
Canada may impose retaliatory duties on US imports for the first time since 1986, exposing strains in the world #39;s largest trading relationship.
Senior United Airlines pilots would have to fly more hours each month and be away from home longer under a sweeping cost-cutting proposal by the ailing carrier.
Walt Disney Chairman George Mitchell said he was asked to become company president before the job was offered to Michael Ovitz, disputing testimony by CEO Michael Eisner.
One day, Ed Blain hopes to deliver sermons from the pulpit. This holiday season, he's happy to help sort packages.
What most adults might consider games for kids are anything but, say video game industry critics and two US senators. BY CHARLES HOMANS.
November 23, 2004 - You gotta hand it to the folks over at Rockstar games. They certainly know how to milk a good thing to maximum effect.
New evidence from Gartner Group suggests that software licensing costs could see an overall increase of roughly 50 in the next year.
Two men will appear in court today accused of racial public order offences involving Birmingham striker Dwight Yorke. Yorke complained to police that he was taunted with monkey chants and other racist abuse 
Coach Klaus Augenthaler believes Bayer Leverkusen let a nervous Real Madrid off the hook by allowing the Spanish side to grab a 1-1 Champions League draw on Tuesday.
NEW YORK - The bizarre journey of Ricky Williams will end right where it started - back in the NFL. But it #39;s unlikely he will return to the Dolphins.
THE arrest of four Indonesians accused of carrying out the Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta was a positive breakthrough in the war against terrorism, Labor said today.
About 5,000 US Marines, British troops and Iraqi forces began an offensive yesterday aimed at clearing insurgents from a cluster of dusty, small towns south of Baghdad.
Westford over Acton-Boxboro -- This week at the Discovery Museum, check out the exhibit,  quot;Overcoming spectrophobia. quot;
The screen version of the international stage hit is finally here. Can it revive the Hollywood musical?
The battle between Oracle and PeopleSoft is again at an impasse, with the possibility of a proxy fight that could continue into next spring.
Hewlett-Packard expects to spend \$200 million over the next six months on staff reductions, but it didn't say in which areas the cuts would take place.
Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
Computer Associates today officially announced that John Swainson, an IBM veteran, has been named president and CEO-elect, as well as a member of the CA board.
This comprehensive glossary provides a definition of terms related to business integration
Will the chip maker ever overcome Intel's advantage in the notebook market?
Companies will offer a service that authenticates movies, music, and games.
Proposed law could prevent the government from offering broadband access.
Copernic Desktop Search does the work without Google's security flaws.
Which search engines are adequately disclosing their paid placement and paid inclusion practices? Which ones are failing to do so?  A new report offers some surprising insights.
Stocks shuffled to a mixed finish yesterday, rebounding from mid-day declines as oil prices retreated after surging past \$50 per barrel.
The Time Warner Inc. chairman and CEO and his legal eagles are said to be close to a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department that would settle the dual 
Securities regulators are opening up yet another front in their long-running investigation of the mutual fund industry, examining brokerage firms that allegedly gave mutual fund employees 
IBM has signed on 100 software companies to use software from its Workplace initiative, a plan to gain ground in desktop software.
This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
Veteran NASA flight director Donald R. Puddy, who supervised Apollo, Skylab and early space shuttle missions from Mission Control, has died.
Sir Alex Ferguson looked set to spend Wednesday with a splitting headache after threatening to toast his victorious 1 000th game in charge of Manchester United in epic fashion.
Liverpool defender Sami Hyypia hit out at the refereeing decision which could rob Liverpool of a place in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger vowed to fight his Football Association misconduct charge as he defended his right to criticise Ruud van Nistelrooy in public.
PETER CAVE: Police in Indonesia believe they #39;ve arrested the kingpin behind the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta earlier this year.
The Black Watch battalion is preparing to join US Marines and Iraqi forces in a major new offensive against insurgents. The operation - codenamed Plymouth Rock because it takes place around Thanksgiving - is 
LONDON Invoking a global threat of terrorism, the British government announced plans on Tuesday to introduce national identity cards for the first time since the Second World War.
Business confidence is rising in Hong Kong with a third of companies saying that economic prospects will improve in 2005.
Easy Group is near to closing a Deal with Deutsche Telekom to launch a UK mobile service, the Financial Times reports.
 #39;The ongoing stimulus of lower-than-expected mortgage interest rates was the primary driver of strong home sales in October. #39;.
Falling prices in September for plasma televisions and digital cameras sparked the biggest monthly decline in US consumer electronics prices in five months, according to an industry study prepared for Reuters.
Last Tuesday night, Harvard knocked off rival Boston College, which was ranked No. 1 in the country. Last night, the Crimson knocked off another 
Police departments around the country turn to sound-analysis technology to detect and report gunshots. By Amit Asaravala.
A cow that tested positive last week on preliminary tests for mad cow disease has tested negative on the follow-up, the Agriculture Department announced.
Colorado voters approved a proposal this month mandating that 10 percent of the state's electricity must come from wind and solar power by 2015.
The budget increase Congress just voted for NASA is a clear endorsement of President Bush's plan to send astronauts back to the Moon and later Mars, said Sean O'Keefe.
Colombia's Indian tribes are confronting a sudden rise in the suicide rate of their young members.
The idea that artists and scientists glare at each other across a cultural divide is mostly fiction, as the work of the printmaker Joseph Scheer makes abundantly clear.
Amtrak's computer voice works on frayed nerves by remaining unshakably courteous and tirelessly chipper.
The European Court of First Instance judge called an unexpected hearing to reconsider the evidence that can be used in the Microsoft antitrust case.
Cingular Wireless, the nation's largest cellular phone company, plans to cut about 10 percent of its work force as a result of its purchase of AT T Wireless.
The renovated New York Hall of Science's new shows include one of the oldest (and best): "Mathematica," a show that continues to inspire wonder and persistent curiosity.
Relief efforts in Indonesia hit a setback when Banda Aceh airport is closed to flights after an accident.
AP - Criticism of the United States was surprisingly muted at an international conference in Egypt that drew fierce opponents to the U.S.-led invasion.
 MIAMI (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay  Fiedler was placed on injured reserve Tuesday with a herniated  disk in his neck, ending his 2004 season.
US stocks ended barely changed on Tuesday as a late retreat in oil prices pulled the market back from lows, although a broker downgrade of technology bellwether Intel Corp.
Bloomington (Star report) --Boston Scientific Corp. has obtained exclusive rights to sell the most popular coating on heart stents, taking over the share previously held by Cook Inc.
The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday approved a drug for multiple sclerosis that has shown early evidence of being more effective than existing drugs.
IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad 
Retief Goosen has revealed that he almost decided not to make the trip to Hawaii after the birth of his daughter Ella last Friday.
Two men are due in court over alleged racist abuse aimed at footballer Dwight Yorke. The Birmingham City striker made a complaint after a game against Blackburn Rovers on Sunday.
Landon Donovan is leaving the San Jose Earthquakes to rejoin Bayer Leverkusen in Germany, a move that costs Major League Soccer its most successful player.
SPANISH football fans shamed their country again last night by hurling racist abuse at Bayer Leverkusen players during the Champions League fixture at Real Madrid.
ENGLAND coach Phil Larder has threatened Australia with  #39;payback #39; when the world champions meet their favourite enemy at Twickenham on Saturday.
Chinese center Yao Ming had 29 points and nine rebounds but he could not save the Houston Rockets from the 102-96 defeat by the Sacramen to Kings Tuesday.
MINNEAPOLIS - After a dozen games, Antonio Daniels has established himself as one of the favorites to win the league #39;s sixth-man award.
US, British and Iraqi troops mounted raids yesterday in a swath of territory south of Baghdad in the fourth sizable assault since last month aimed at 
TORONTO -- Royal Bank #39;s RBC Insurance is selling Liberty Insurance Services Corp., its US business process services division, to IBM Corp.
 BOSTON (Sports Network) - The Boston Celtics placed forward  Tom Gugliotta on the injured list Tuesday with lower back pain.
One line did most of the work as the Northeastern men's hockey team defeated Merrimack, 5-1, in a Hockey East contest last night in North Andover.
The release of three United Nations workers who had been held hostage for more than three weeks took place early Tuesday in what appeared to be an orchestrated handover.
SANTIAGO: Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Monday his country would never go to war with China and that bilateral ties were satisfactory.
The growth in electronic toys that sing, provide realistic sound effects and make other noises has led to yet another hazard for children, a consumer advocate group said Tuesday.
Fuming Rafael Benitez slammed the controversial Monaco goal which left his Liverpool side in desperate danger of missing out on the Champions League second round.
THE head of MG Rover has held out the prospect of increased production at the car giant #39;s UK factory under plans to link up with China #39;s biggest auto manufacturer.
An agreed bid for aiports operator TBI was the most notable feature for investors in a flat open to trading in London on Wednesday.
There probably will not be any polished silver, napkin rings or acorn craft centerpieces, but Martha Stewart #39;s Thanksgiving is sure to be unique this year.
Doubts had arisen over Yorkes future at St Andrews following the racial abuse he suffered at the hands of two Blackburn Rovers fans at Ewood Park over the weekend.
The Pistons ended up on the wrong side of history Tuesday night at the Charlotte Coliseum. They became the first defending NBA champion to lose to an expansion team since 
 quot;Americans also have no right to raise something like this, quot; he said, adding that Iran had never used its nuclear power program for weapons production.
FOUR swimmers confronted by a great white shark off the coast of New Zealand were saved by dolphins that came to their rescue. The three-metre (10ft) shark came 
British airport operator TBI PLC said Wednesday it has agreed to a takeover by Spanish transport and communications company Abertis and Spain #39;s national airport authority Aena.
CHIP GIANT Intel is making a concerted attempt to push the Linux OS in China and India, countries with citizens numbering over two billion.
Amid repeated cautions that no breakthrough was expected, the prime ministers of India and Pakistan came together Wednesday for a rare meeting, despite tough positions stated 
Benazir Bhutto has demanded the right to return to Pakistan, a day after her husband #39;s release on bail after eight years in jail, the BBC reported Tuesday.
Researchers at Oxford and Nottingham universities create the smallest "test tubes" known to science.
Researchers at Oxford and Nottingham universities make it into the record books by creating the smallest "test tubes" known to science.
The mystery of how a type of lizard "walks" on water may have been solved, a group of US scientists believe.
World cricket boss Ehsan Mani hints England could pull out of Zimbabwe without penalty.
The Food and Drug Administration yesterday approved a drug for multiple sclerosis that has shown early evidence of being more effective than existing drugs.
A Red Cross Web site designed to help relatives locate survivors of last week's Indian Ocean tsunami partially crashed last week after being overwhelmed by traffic in its first 24 hours, a spokesman said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to fight his FA misconduct charge as he defended his right to criticise Ruud van Nistelrooy in public.
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson will rest some of his star players for the final Champions League group game against Fenerbache on December 8. With qualification to the last 16 assured after Tuesday 
Q: You mentioned several times about chemistry being so important. Whenever you get a group of demanding people together, it is extremely important.
The Afghan government denied making a deal with the kidnappers who released three UN hostages after four weeks in captivity yesterday.
The United States closed diplomatic offices in the Indian commercial hub of Mumbai Tuesday. Its action was based on intelligence that terrorists may be planning attacks on US interests in New Delhi 
The flight recorders from a plane that crashed in northern China at the weekend, killing 55 people, have been found after a three-day search.
The dollar hits yet another record low against the euro on Wednesday amid speculation Russia may increase reserves of the single currency.
Symbian downplayed current reports of a new malware developed specifically for smartphone devices based on Series 60, a platform developed by Nokia and based on the Symbian OS.
Bill Parcells had a bad first Thanksgiving Day experience as coach of the Dallas Cowboys but is hoping for a better one this year when the Chicago Bears visit Texas Stadium.
Reuters - A Russian scientist convicted of spying\for China was sentenced to 14 years in a high security jail\Wednesday, Russian news agencies reported.
The Australian Government has welcomed the arrests of four key suspects in the bombing of Australia #39;s embassy in Jakarta in September.
A court in the Krasnoyarsk Territory, Siberia, on Wednesday sentenced Russian physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in prison for spying for China.
AP - Steve Spurrier might give his brash, visor-throwing style an overhaul now that he has returned to college football.
UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrives in Israel for two days of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.
The epidemic of human immunodeficiency virus  infection is growing more rapidly in women \than in men in almost every part of the world, according to a new report.
As a growing economy produces new wealth and a spreading middle class in China, the epochal Cultural Revolution has receded to the distant past in just one generation.
Sir Mark Thatcher today told how his life had been  quot;destroyed quot; by charges that he helped finance a failed African coup. The son of former prime minister 
 SYDNEY (Reuters) - Arnold Palmer has taken a swing at  America's top players, criticizing their increasing reluctance  to travel abroad to play in tournaments.
It may not look monumental. But the fact that it's happening is significant.
A new downloadable computer game is offering online gamers a jackpot of \$100,000 for the most accurate interactive copycat killing of President John F. Kennedy.
A virus has struck Nokia smartphone users. Once downloaded, the virus, called Skulls, replaces all phone desktop icons with images of a skull.
Two men were charged with public disorder Tuesday for for alleged racially taunting Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke, police said.
John Lucas III scored 22 points, Joey Graham added 16 and No. 6 Oklahoma State pulled away in the second half to beat Arkansas-Little Rock 90-65 Tuesday night.
com. DENVER (News 4) Denver Nuggets star Carmelo Anthony says he has a tactic when he finds himself in frustrating situations with opposing fans.
US Secretary of State Colin Powell pledges America's full support for the tsunami aid effort, as he visits Thailand.
The NFL made him look inferior. His old school wanted him to stand in line and take a number. The more things change, the more Steve Spurrier remains the same.
French troops in Ivory Coast pull back from some of their positions at the main airport in the largest city, Abidjan.
The US, Russia and Sudan are accused of being the biggest violators of housing rights.
\A senior Chinese official bolsters ally North Korea, amid contradictory reports of possible changes.
&lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; Joined-up thinker wanted
Reuters - Separatist militants threw a grenade at a paramilitary picket in Indian Kashmir on Wednesday, wounding six civilians, a police officer said.
Marcellus Sommerville scored 27 points, grabbed 12 rebounds and stole the ball three times Tuesday night to spark Bradley #39;s 64-62 victory over Loyola in Peoria.
Steve Spurrier might give his brash, visor-throwing style an overhaul now that he has returned to college football. Spurrier took over yesterday at South 
Many words, little action from international conference which was meant to help solve bloody violence in Iraq. By Marc Burleigh - SHARM EL-SHEIKH, Egypt.
Despite a short-lived increase in Palestinian jobs in 2003, the economy is performing well below its potential, said a World Bank report.
AP - Candice Wiggins scored 18 points and No. 7 Stanford defeated Eastern Washington 91-50 Tuesday night in the semifinals of the Great Alaska Shootout.
McDonalds Corp. s choice of an insider to replace ailing Chief Executive Officer Charlie Bell should keep the company on the path that has led 
Time Warner is nearing settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department on the accounting scandal in AOL.
Orders for long-lasting US-made goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government report showed on Wednesday.
Fairbanks has been labeled the fourth most dangerous metropolitan area in the nation by the publisher of a reference book,  quot;City Crime Rankings.
A new round has opened in the European Commission anti-trust battle against Microsoft as the judge hearing its appeal called for a closed meeting.
The US Postal Service is expected to start seeking approval for a double-digit percentage increase in postage rates early next year.
Gold Fields says it is confident it will fend off a hostile takeover from rival gold producer Harmony despite losing a key legal challenge.
Reuters - General Electric Co.  on Wednesday\said it would buy Ionics Inc.  for about  #36;1.1 billion to\build out its water treatment and services business.
Three prominent open-source software developers have urged the EU to reject a law that would codify the practice of granting software patents in Europe.
The proportion of surfers using Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. Net traffic monitor, OneStat.
A local startup is selling technology to enable the average person to set up and manage their own WiFi wireless network. BeeTelecom Inc.
Whatever problems Bayern Munich face in their quest for a European and domestic treble this season, a lack of self-belief is unlikely to figure among them.
Anigo, 43, had taken over in January from Alain Perrin. He will be replaced by another former Marseille coach, Albert Emon, who was in charge of the reserve team.
MOSCOW -- Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin gave France a comfortable 2-0 lead in its Fed Cup semifinal against Spain after winning their opening singles Wednesday.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has accepted an invitation Wednesday to visit Pakistan from his Pakistani counterpart Shaukat Aziz.
American, British and Iraqi troops are continuing their effort to root out insurgents south of Baghdad, in an operation aimed at clearing the way for elections to be held in January.
The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, today welcomed Israel #39;s announcement that it would allow international observers to monitor forthcoming Palestinian presidential elections.
The United States reopened its consulate in Mumbai on Wednesday after closing it the previous day saying that it had information about a terrorist threat.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Applications for home mortgages in the  U.S. fell last week even as mortgage rates edged down, an  industry group said on Wednesday.
America's factories saw orders for big-ticket goods drop in October after brisk activity in the previous month, highlighting the sometimes bumpy recovery experienced by the nation's manufacturers.
Gold Fields loses a key legal decision in its fight against Harmony's \$8.2bn hostile takeover bid but remains confident that its shareholders will reject the bid.
The UK economy probably grew at a  faster than predicted pace in the third quarter, putting pressure on the Bank of England to raise rates again.
Reports suggest phishing gangs are turning to automatic tools to mount more attacks than ever.
Olympique Marseille coach Jose Anigo resigned on Tuesday because of poor results. Anigo, who took over in January from Alain Perrin, will be replaced for 
INDONESIAN police have arrested another four men over the September carbombing of the Australian Embassy amid suggestions the bomb mastermind - and most wanted -r 
Government helicopters and warplanes bombed the town of Tawila in North Darfur on Tuesday after rebel fighters attacked police stations there Monday, breaking a renewed 
The yo-yo water ball -- a liquid-filled ball attached to a stretchy elastic cord -- looks like it could provide a lot of entertainment for children.
Air France KLM posted stronger than expected second-quarter operating profits on Wednesday and maintained its sights on full-year growth despite the strain on its fuel bill from escalating oil prices.
In the statement, issued Tuesday, the three developers argued that the legislation, called the software patent directive, would be harmful to the European economy.
Captain Sourav Ganguly today said India would have forced a result in the first cricket Test against South Africa on a lifeless track had they won the toss and batted first.
Wall Street stocks were mixed Tuesday as crude oil prices again topped 50 dollars per barrel, while brokerage downgrade hurt technology stocks.
Another possible step toward cooperation in space between the United States and China is now on the calendar. The head of the Chinese National Space Agency will travel to Washington 
AP - The Hamburg Sea Devils joined NFL Europe on Wednesday, meaning five of the league's six teams are in Germany.
Reuters - Rwanda has threatened to attack a\Rwandan rebel group in the eastern Democratic Republic of\Congo, the United Nations mission in Congo said on Wednesday.
Foreign secretary Jack Straw is today beginning two days of talks in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Mr Straw will meet Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon before travelling on to the West Bank for 
Three UN workers released after being held hostage in Afghanistan speak of their joy at being freed.
Ngugi wa Thiong'o, goes back to Kenya to give evidence against four men accused of attacking him and his wife.
A Texas high school student convicted of a double murder waits on death row as the Supreme Court weighs the constitutionality of the juvenile death penalty.
Reuters - American Express Co.  said on\Wednesday that it will replace Ernst   Young LLP with\PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as its independent registered public\accountant.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell unexpectedly to 323,000 last week, down 12,000 from a week earlier, the US Labour Department said today.
The judge overseeing the software giant #39;s appeal of a European Commission ruling has summoned both parties to appear at an  quot;informal hearing quot; on Thursday.
Credit Suisse First Boston lowered estimates for Analog Devices (nyse: ADI - news - people ) after the maker of integrated circuits provided disappointing guidance.
Video games that have players shoot rival gang members, watch bare-breasted women and recreate the assassination of President Kennedy were criticized Tuesday by advocacy 
The Hawkeyes are headed to Florida for the Capital One Bowl in Orlando on New Year #39;s Day. Travel agencies say travel packages are selling fast.
AP - Defending champion France took a 2-0 lead over Spain in the Fed Cup semifinals Wednesday behind singles victories by Nathalie Dechy and Tatiana Golovin.
A Russian court has sentenced a physicist Valentin Danilov to 14 years in a Siberian prison for passing space secrets to China. Danilov, 53, a professor at Krasnoyarsk 
If so, leave early. Travel experts predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible job actions by Pennsylvania Turnpike toll takers and US Airways workers at Philadelphia International 
Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - news - research) said Wednesday its debt exchange has ended, with the intermediate and long-term portions receiving insufficient interest from bondholders.
IBM has unveiled, under its Workplace platform strategy, an online developer resource centre that will give corporate and third-party developers access to tools to help develop products and services for the platform.
Fast bowling great Dennis Lillee has cut ties with Australia #39;s Cricket Academy after failing to come to terms on a new coaching contract.
One day after his good friend Lou Holtz announced his retirement, Spurrier on Tuesday was named the Gamecocks #39; new football coach.
Reuters - U.S. consumer sentiment brightened\slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better\jobs outlook, a survey released on Wednesday showed.
Dutch retail giant Ahold has reported a third-quarter net loss, as its results were impacted by exceptional costs and asset impairment charges.
Reuters - Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said on Wednesday he remained hopeful that sustainable peace could be achieved with India after a friendly meeting with his counterpart Manmohan Singh.
A Russian scientist convicted of spying for China was sentenced to 14 years in a high security jail Wednesday. Physicist Valentin Danilov was initially acquitted of selling 
Two American soldiers are killed by a homemade bomb in central Afghanistan, the US military says.
US new home sales unexpectedly rose 0.2 percent in October to 1.226 million at an annual rate, the third highest ever, as hiring improved and borrowing costs fell.
The handover for the infamous Virgin Mary grilled cheese sandwich is to take place at 1 pm, Wednesday, at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel  amp; Casino in Hollywood.
Think you can make it through the week ahead? Here is some financial news to look out for, plus crafty tips to make the leftovers go down smoothly.
Doughnuts, macadamia nuts, and toy nuts were in play in a short yet lively week in the market.
A unit of the industrial, financial and media conglomerate General Electric Co. said Wednesday it will buy the water treatment company Ionics Inc.
US consumer sentiment brightened slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better jobs outlook, a survey released on Wednesday showed.
In the past, I have taken great pride in informing you, my readers, about new and cutting-edge technology. Sometimes it is also necessary to re-examine existing or older technologies.
The Reds are in desperate need for a striker following the injuries to Djibril Cisse and Milan Baros, whilst Luis Garcias hamstring problem has hardly helped matters.
Israeli leaders told Britain #39;s foreign secretary on Wednesday they would do their utmost to let Palestinians hold elections but criticized the top presidential candidate 
PC World - For the first time, sales top  #36;1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
AP - Archaeologists said Wednesday they have comprehensively dated the contents of a Bronze Age site in Scotland, probably the first time such a site has been dated in its entirety.
Thousands of US-led troops target lawless areas south of Baghdad known as Iraq's "triangle of death".
No implants up top, insists &lt;cite&gt;Playboy&lt;/cite&gt; model
A judge in a major EU anti-trust case against Microsoft calls a sudden meeting after high-profile departures.
\The proportion of surfers using Microsoft's Internet Explorer (IE) has dropped to below 90, say web analysts. 
AP - The Government Accountability Office, responding to a request from Democratic lawmakers, will investigate the way votes were counted in the Nov. 2 election.
Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, the Federal Communications Commission disclosed Tuesday.
A Malaysian man must pay film studios \$23.8 million for running a Web site that allowed paying members to watch pirated movies, the Motion Picture Association said.
\If you can't get a good night's sleep it's likely that your parents are at least partly to blame.
The Redskins have placed linebacker Mike Barrow on the injured reserve list, which means he will not play a down for them this season.
Federal authorities have seized a videotape believed to be at the center of an alleged blackmail attempt against Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife, a prosecutor said.
Under a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission that is still under discussion, Time Warner would not admit any wrongdoing but would pay \$750 million to settle the case.
Last week, members of the Motion Picture Association of America filed 11 lawsuits against hundreds of people they accused of using file-sharing networks to share copies of movies.
HARRISBURG, Pa. -- The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission has decided that drivers will get a free ride Wednesday if toll collectors and other unionized employees go on strike.
NEW YORK - US consumer sentiment brightened slightly in November, helped by cheaper gasoline and a better jobs outlook, but came in below market expectations, a survey released Wednesday showed.
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has expanded its increasingly popular mobile line of chips, named Sempron. The new processor has higher performance and integrated EVP anti-virus technology.
Editor #39;s Summary: Citrix is acquiring VPN provider Net6 for \$50 million in a move to expand its presence in the security space.
Parents heading out to buy holiday gifts, listen up. There #39;s a warning out Wednesday about extremely violent and explicit video games.
Kazaa, the internet site which attracted the fury of the music industry by allowing users to download tunes for free, has ventured into the telecoms sector.
p2pnet.net News:- Software to help authenticate paintings, prints and drawings has been developed by researchers at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire in the US.
The European Space Agency #39;s Huygens probe, carried millions of miles to Saturn on board the NASA Cassini space craft, has completed its final series of checks before separation.
Fed Cup favourites Russia and France are firmly on course to meet in the final after taking commanding 2-0 leads in their semi-finals on Wednesday.
Israel today appealed to Britain to act as a bridge between them and the Palestinians in an effort to restart the Middle East peace process.
Motorists coasted through Pennsylvania Turnpike toll plazas for free on Wednesday morning after roughly 1,300 unionized toll collectors and maintenance workers went on 
The top commander in Iraq is reviewing a proposal to add hundreds of U.S. military advisers to work directly with Iraqi units.
AMD (Quote, Chart) took the wraps off a batch of new mobile processors it hopes will steal market share away from Intel #39;s Centrino empire.
British telco BT and media technologies company Blueprint have announced plans to jointly develop a digital music service using Blueprints Open Royalty Gateway and Song Centre software.
Juan Pablo Montoya made his debut for the West McLaren Mercedes Formula One team as preparations for the 2005 season commenced at the Circuit de Catalunya 
Ricky Williams #39;s representatives apparently are close to completing an agreement with the NFL that could make the retired Miami Dolphins tailback eligible to play at the outset of the 2005 season.
Three UN election workers freed nearly a month after being abducted in Afghanistan thanked the nation #39;s people for the support shown during their ordeal.
The  world's largest insurance group pays \$126m in fines as part of a settlement with US regulators over its dealings with two firms.
Oil prices remain steady in New York trade as official data showed the first rise in US crude stocks in 10 weeks.
We keep up with what's important about Select Comfort, in case you don't have time.
As nanotechnology evolves, the smart investor will keep an eye on the players most likely to be left standing -- and making money.
Eddie Lampert is looking for Target-type valuations in the merger of Kmart and Sears.
WWE's revenue rundowns no longer shock investors. But the drop in earnings and free cash flow should.
D.C. United inks defender Bryan Namoff to a multiyear contract extension on Monday afternoon.
The regional department store company is gearing up for the all-important holidays.
The Cleveland Browns have a few names in mind for both head coach and general manager with coordinators from Philadelphia and New England on the list.
After fierce criticism, House Republicans reversed a rule change that would have allowed a party leader to retain his position even if indicted.
AFP - Police in southern Nigeria arrested three activists of a minority rights group who were protesting against the activities of the Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell, the group's spokesman said.
AP - The trial of Oracle Corp.'s attempt to upset PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover measures will continue in December, the judge overseeing the case said Wednesday.
Reuters - Genetic factors influence female\infidelity and the number of sexual partners women have,\British scientists said on Wednesday.
Chile's government says it will build a  prison for officers convicted of human rights abuses in the Pinochet era.
Spanish police arrest 90 people, including 21 minors, in one of its largest ever operations on child pornography.
Fisico's first run for Renault as Franck begins development work for 2005.
Homing pigeons use the Earth's magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists claim.
Ravens offensive coordinator Matt Cavanaugh will not return for the 2005 season after meeting with Coach Brian Billick on Monday.
As opposition protests entered a third day, Prime Minister Viktor F. Yanukovich was declared the winner.
The revision of Harold McGee's 1984 book, "On Food and Cooking," answers eternal kitchen questions, including those related to Thanksgiving.
An Oscar voter is fined 300,000 after copies of movies he was sent ended up on the internet.
Spanish police arrest 90 people, including 21 minors, in one of its largest ever operations on child pornography.
An organization that put more than 400 poll watchers in Maryland precincts on election day reported Tuesday that its volunteers found scattered problems with the state's electronic voting machines.
The sporting goods retailer trims its quarterly loss and maintains its outlook.
Homing pigeons may use a magnetic "map" inside their beaks to navigate, according to new research.
Is it possible to outrun evolution? Two new lizard-behavior studies look at why it's not always just the fittest that survive.
A new digital authentication technique supplies forensic art experts with a new tool to distinguish paintings by masters from those by imitators, scientists say.
Birder Mathew Tekulsky describes the bathing habits of birds, explaining the dependence of birds on water.
Once harvested almost to extinction in the northeastern U.S., beavers have returned in such huge numbers that they are becoming a nuisance in some areas.
Upcoming Gartner study on IT spending for offshoring.
Shares of Time Warner Inc rose 2 percent on Tuesday after a report that the world #39;s largest media company was near a settlement with regulators that could limit potential 
The New York Public Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) has published its annual list of toys that it claims can harm or kill children, particularly those with small parts.
The US manufacturing sector continued to demonstrate that its road to recovery is anything but smooth in October as orders for big-ticket items unexpectedly fell.
I am surprised this is still making news after so many days. However, if someone pays 28000 dollars for a grilled sandwich it is something.
They are asking the European Union Council to reject this proposal. They claim that software patent directive would be harmful to the European economy.
The big winners of the night in Group C were Bayern Munich, whose 5-1 drubbing of Maccabi Tel Aviv ensured their passage to the knockout stages.
Los Angeles, CA -- The Los Angeles Dodgers have signed manager Jim Tracy to a two-year contract extension, keeping him with the club through the 2006 season.
Glasgow Celtic FC have been invited to make an official complaint after manager Martin O #39;Neill claimed one of his players was the victim of racism.
Indonesia #39;s chief of police is to investigate allegations that the most wanted terrorist in the country, Dr Azahari Husin, escaped arrest by bribing a policeman.
Bahrain yesterday offered to host a national conference for Iraq as the interim Iraqi government came under international pressure to broaden dialogue 
Redskins coach Joe Gibbs expects few major personnel changes in the offseason and wants to instill a culture of stability in Washington.
(IsraelNN.com) Officials in Jerusalem responding to statements quoting Syrian President Bashar el-Assad report there is nothing new in Syrias position.
Intelhas released its Quick Start Kit for Linux, stepping up support for Asian system integrators that offer Linux-based desktop PCs.
For the first time, sales top \$1 billion in one quarter, researcher says.
Reported incidents were likely a small percentage of actual problems, group says.
There are still lots of dangerous toys lurking on store shelves across the United States, says a nationwide survey released Tuesday by the US Public Interest Research Group (US PIRG).
Reuters - Score one for the faceless functionary\on the other end of the telephone line.
MOSCOW, Russia -- France and Russia both secured two singles victories apiece in their Fed Cup semifinals against Spain and Austria on Wednesday to edge closer to a final showdown.
Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers have signed manager Jim Tracy to a two-year contract extension, keeping him with the club through the 2006 season.
A vulnerability in a Java plug-in from Sun Microsystems used by most web browsers poses a risk for users of IE and alternative browsers alike.
An on-line database containing the career and contact details of over 22 million business people can be edited by anyone.
US consumer sentiment improved at a slower pace than expected in November despite an improving labour market and easing energy prices.
In a portrait of perfect composition, Saturns moon Tethys has been captured hanging suspended in space just below the planets horizon.
The recent success of the Firefox movement -- thousands of volunteers spreading the Gospel of Mozilla to every corner of the Internet -- is spawning a new kind of growth.
eBay, PayPal, Microsoft and others -- is increasing. The report gave greater focus to the server side of 
According to some reports, Honda are prepared to put their foot down on Davidson #39;s planned outing with the rival F1 team next month in Jerez, Spain.
The UK can play a "key role" in helping Israel and the Palestinians achieve peace, Israel's Foreign Minister says.
The CEO of Cingular acknowledged earlier this week that it expects to cut up to 10 percent of its 68,000-person workforce in the next year and a half.
There #39;s a report that the Securities and Exchange Commission and Time Warner are close to a settlement over accounting questions at the media giant #39;s America Online unit.
Nortel Networks Ltd. said both the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange are not considering delisting the company as yet.
The findings add to the debate over whether pigeons and other birds chart their flight paths by using a magnetic sense or by following scent clues in the atmosphere.
Faced with fresh evidence of rapid warming at the top of the globe, members of the Arctic Council on Wednesday shied from making any commitments to combat the problem.
The Minneapolis-based National Institute on Media and the Family has just released its annual video game report card in Washington.
AP - New Mexico State coach Tony Samuel was fired Wednesday after leading the Aggies to just two winning seasons in eight years.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) is continuing to monitor developments over England #39;s tour of Zimbabwe after the players were told on Wednesday to stay in South Africa overnight.
LOS ANGELES - Dodgers manager Jim Tracy agreed Wednesday to a two-year contract after leading Los Angeles to its first postseason appearance in eight years.
AP - The board of national carrier Air-India on Wednesday approved the purchase of 50 new aircraft as part of an ambitious expansion program, an airline spokesman said Wednesday.
Two US soldiers were killed and one wounded on Wednesday in a blast caused by an improvised bomb while they were on patrol in central Afghanistan, the US military said.
Irish premier Bertie Ahern said tonight he was confident the Rev Ian Paisley was sincere about striking a deal with republicans. He said he could understand the rationale behind the Democratic 
Reuters - If brushing and mouthwash don't improve\bad breath, an Israeli scientist may have the solution -- laser\treatment.
Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for a general strike as he rejects the presidential poll result.
Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. slipped more than 10 percent in Wednesday trading after a JP Morgan analyst downgraded the stock and told investors to take profits following a three-month run-up.
A malicious code dubbed  quot;Skulls quot; was launched from Web sites that offered phone users downloads of wallpaper, games and ring tones.
AP - Three of Lou Holtz's assistant coaches will remain at South Carolina under new coach Steve Spurrier, though their assignments may change.
A bomb exploded near a US patrol in southern Afghanistan Wednesday, killing two American soldiers and wounding another, the military said.
Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival 
Boyd Gaming has acquired 13 acres adjacent to the southwest side of its Stardust Resort and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip, the casino operator said in a regulatory filing.
Travelers faced weather delays across the US as they took to the highways and airways today to begin what industry experts say will be the biggest Thanksgiving travel weekend since 2000.
Game invites users to play the role of JFK #39;s assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
Intel, seeing growing demand for Linux desktop systems in the Asia-Pacific region, is stepping up its outreach efforts to channel partners.
Goal is to assist moms and dads in buying family-friendly entertainment for their kids. Video games are a popular item on the Christmas wish lists of kids, which 
AC Milan, Barcelona and PSV Eindhoven advanced Wednesday night to the second round of the European Champions League, but Arsenal had two players ejected and played its fourth straight tie.
It had been thought the clubs assistant manager had handed in his resignation earlier today when boss Harry Redknapp announced he was quitting the south coast club.
Russia and France are on track for a meeting in the Fed Cup final in Moscow after both teams took 2-0 leads following the first day of their respective semi-finals.
Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Twins announced Wednesday that the club has reached an agreement with free-agent catcher Mike Redmond on a two-year contract.
Like the Jets-Chargers matchup, all of the weekend's N.F.L. wild-card playoff games feature one intriguing theme: You again?
BAGHDAD - Thousands of US troops and Iraqi forces pursued a campaign of raids on suspected guerrilla bases in Sunni Muslim towns and villages south of Baghdad on Wednesday, the US military said.
Plus, talking turkey with Hormel, a peek into toyland, and Sirius demonic possession.
The appliance maker freezes pay and asks workers to quit, but rewards its executives with stock options.
Hastings, a multimedia retailer, trims losses and raises full-year guidance.
Robust research doesn't guarantee success, but Pedro Zuloaga insists it stacks your odds.
AP - David Graham says he was surprised by the reception he got back at his Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had allowed unsafe drugs to remain on the market.
Just four insurgents tied down a Marine company for hours in a nighttime battle.
In places like Congo and Kosovo, peacekeepers have been accused of abusing the people they're protecting.
A video aired on Israeli TV, with the audio portion revealing defense forces shooting a 13-year-old girl in Gaza.
Film-maker Franco Zeffirelli is the first Italian citizen to receive an honorary knighthood from Britain.
Lauren and Patrick Vieira are sent off as Arsenal draw against PSV Eindhoven in the Champions League.
Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall has waved a no-trade that could send him from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics.
Game invites users to play the role of JFK's assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.
The nations expressed concern about climate change but did not agree on a common strategy for curbing emissions.
AP - Maybe Pittsburgh has finally discovered how to wear down playmaking West Virginia quarterback Rasheed Marshall: Tire him out before the game.
The yellow Canaries rose to six points by defeating the Czech champions for the second time by the same score as they had defeated them in the first leg in Istanbul.
 DOHA (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer made a  surprise announcement Tuesday when he revealed that Australian  Tony Roche will be his new coach on a part-time basis.
Struggling publisher Infogrames nets \$22.3 million by hocking its powerhouse strategy franchise to an as-yet unidentified company.
Tehran is now demanding the right to run some key equipment for research purposes, European and Iranian officials said.
Sony Corp. #39;s Sony Pictures Television International unit says it formed a joint venture with China #39;s Hua Long Film Digital Production Co.
The United States and the seven other countries with Arctic territory today expressed concern about profound changes in the Arctic climate and said they would consider new scientific findings 
Written by Net 4 Nowt Anyone reading technology news articles can not have failed to have read something about a new web browser currently doing the rounds.
A BRITISH general is taking over in Bosnia, where the worlds two most-wanted indicted war criminals have evaded capture for nearly a decade.
A crucial legal ruling in Oracle #39;s takeover bid for Peoplesoft has been delayed after a judge said he needs to hear further evidence in the case.
Harry Redknapp quit Portsmouth after the relationship with chairman Milan Mandaric became untenable, though the manager diplomatically said he simply felt it was time for a break.
England will avoid financial sanctions if they pull out of their tour to Zimbabwe. According to sources, the majority of Test-playing countries would back the England and Wales Cricket Board 
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 is felt across large areas of north Italy.  
America Online said that spammers were starting to give up - at least when it came to sending junk to its subscribers.
Quarterly sales of servers running the Linux operating system topped \$1 billion for the first time during the third quarter of 2004, analyst company IDC reported Wednesday.
AP - Auburn's defense, at least, made a decent case for No. 1.
AP - When Tony Gonzalez heard somebody on the radio say the Kansas City Chiefs had nothing left to play for, it almost made his blood boil.
Apple Computer has sued three software developers, contending they distributed versions of its OS X computer operating system on the Internet.
China's biggest television exporter announced losses stemming in part from declining sales and a scandal involving its biggest U.S. customer.
Arsene Wenger accused referee Herbert Fandel of double-standards after Arsenal battled to keep their Champions League hopes alive with nine men in Eindhoven.
Pistons coach Larry Brown came back to the defending NBA champions on crutches Wednesday, returning to Detroit #39;s bench after being told by doctors it was OK to travel.
DAVID GOLD, the Birmingham City chairman, initially felt that the punishment given yesterday to a Blackburn Rovers supporter who racially abused Dwight Yorke last Sunday was too lenient.
Brian Lara and other West Indies cricket stars are unlikely to travel to Australia for a one-day international series as a result of a controversy surrounding rival sponsors.
Evander Holyfield is appealing against a medical suspension imposed upon him following his defeat by Larry Donald. The former world heavyweight champion was suspended by the New York State Athletic Commission 
According to United Nations envoy Terje Roed-Larsen, Syrian President Bashar Assad is now willing to restart peace negotiations with Israel  #39;without pre-conditions.
The Atlantic Division may be mediocre, but the Knicks can claim a modest achievement early in their season - they are in first place.
Long lines and traffic delays greeted travelers in the Washington region who were headed out of town Wednesday for Thanksgiving, one of the busiest travel times of the year.
The thought of spending a second year in a lockout was one of the reasons why a tentative agreement was reached between RMI union officials and the companys management.
For vivid reporting from the enormous zone of tsunami disaster, it was hard to beat the blogs.
Analysts have offered their latest judgment of the Christmas shopping season: good, but not great, although online sales set records.
UK users will be able to replace pirated versions of Windows that they have purchased. Software pirates #39; increasing skill at creating counterfeit versions of Windows XP has prompted Microsoft to introduce 
IBM said the strategy is to enable companies to centrally manage business applications and tools across employee devices. That should help companies cut IT support costs as well as build work 
Reuters - As the holiday shopping season\ramps up, cyber cops warned on Wednesday that online fraudsters\are working over time.
Iran has been seeking to exclude some uranium enrichment experiments from a nuclear freeze it agreed with three European governments this month, western diplomats said on Wednesday.
A pod of dolphins saved a group of swimmers from a predatory 10-foot great white shark off the northern New Zealand coast, a newspaper reported Tuesday.
NewsFactor - Cingular Wireless has said it plans to cut at least 10 percent of its workforce -- some 7,000 jobs -- over the next year and a half.
Reuters - Ancel Keys, a pioneer in public health\best known for identifying the connection between a\cholesterol-rich diet and heart disease, has died.
The Home Office is touting ID cards as a solution to ID theft in today's Queen's Speech but a Yorkshire man has taken matters into his own hands.
Videoconferencing tools are increasingly making their way not just into the office but into the home, adding a dimension to long-distance visits with relatives and friends.
JVC is introducing two camcorders that abandon tape and discs altogether, recording onto removable hard drives.
A cordless phone borrows a trick from its cellular cousins, shrinking toward the vanishing point.
Semiconductor chips that can manage a good bit of their own upkeep are moving closer to reality.
If the holiday cards you send include a family photo, a growing number of sites can help design and produce them.
A prominent lineup of advertising talent is working to produce an online campaign aimed at cultivating a cooler image for the Mercury car brand.
November 24, 2004 - Nokia announced today that WWII strategy title Pathway to Glory is now shipping for the Nokia N-Gage game deck.
Celtic shook off the hangover from their disastrous Old Firm encounter to earn a remarkable Champions League draw at Camp Nou against runaway Liga leaders Barcelona.
British defence officials conceded yesterday that military action to bring Serb and Croat war crimes suspects to trial would probably fail because of the sophisticated support network surrounding them.
Now that all the holiday presents have been opened, it is time to do some real shopping  for the home, from the home.
Although faced with fresh evidence of global warming, the United States and other members the Arctic Council on Wednesday failed to make any recommendations 
A sharp increase in the number of aged people in the coming decades will enormously slow down Australia #39;s economic growth and increase health spending, an official report released on Thursday said.
England #39;s controversial cricket tour of Zimbabwe looks set to be cancelled after Michael Vaughan #39;s squad were last night instructed not to travel to Harare.
SIR Mark Thatcher has lost his fight to avoid being questioned about his alleged involvement in a foiled coup to topple the president of Equatorial Guinea.
AP - A skeleton crew of lawmakers voted Wednesday to keep the government from shutting down as House Democrats lambasted Republicans over a provision passed last week that both parties agreed was a turkey.
The US is losing "the war of ideas" in the Islamic world and must alter its approach, a Pentagon panel says.
The Ontario government approved 10 electricity-generating projects that will power about 100,000 homes and generate C\$700 million (\$593 million) in new investment in the province.
AIG will return \$46m in fees it earned on three off-balance-sheet vehicles set up for PNC Financial as part of a settlement with regulators announced this week.
Search technology for images may lead to a way to search handwritten manuscripts.
Australia accepted that Indonesian police delayed for almost three weeks revealing they had captured four suspects in the Australian Embassy bombing in Jakarta in September because they hoped to catch more, Foreign Minister 
A strong earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale rocked northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas on early on Thursday, causing panic and some damage.
French President Jacques Chirac lead a delegation of business leaders on a trip to oil-rich Libya Wednesday hoping to expand trade ties.
A group of three United Nations workers, freed after almost four weeks captivity in Afghanistan, have met President Hamid Karzai, in Kabul.
Booting up in safe mode; how to record vinyl records onto a PC; external floppy drives.
Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony looks on during his team #39;s 90-88 victory over the New Jersey Nets in Denver on Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004.
Reuters - An industrial park\offering cheap labor, handy transport links and next door to\major Asian markets should be a powerful lure for manufacturers\looking for a competitive edge.
Sony Pictures has set up a joint venture television and film co-production unit in China, taking advantage of a loosening of restrictions on the tightly controlled industry.
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi says the international community should have offered Tripoli a better payback for renouncing its efforts to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
United Nations officials are investigating reports that Hutu extremists have attacked Rwandan villages from bases in eastern Congo.
The US government approved a drug Tuesday to treat multiple sclerosis, an incurable disease of the central nervous system that affects 350,000 Americans.
Consumers on the Chinese mainland are most optimistic about the economic outlook of the next 12 months, according to a survey released here Wednesday by AC Nielsen.
Microsoft will not demand the withdrawal of evidence submitted against it in a European antitrust case by two parties that have since dropped their support for the case, a spokesman said Wednesday.
A legalistic squabble yesterday delayed World Trade Organisation authorisation for sanctions against US goods, initially worth up to \$150ma year, by the European Union and six 
Megan Blanck-Weiss of the Washington Public Interest Research Group demonstrates in Seattle on Tuesday how the yo-yo water ball toy - a water-filled ball on an elastic-like cord 
Sony Pictures has quietly set up a joint venture with state-controlled China Film Group that will make digital television programmes and feature films.
Ukraine's opposition steps up its campaign to overturn the disputed presidential vote by launching a general strike.
Homing pigeons carry out their long-range navigational feat thanks to tiny magnetic particles in their upper beaks, scientists confirm.
SAN FRANCISCO Selectively breeding turkeys for their white meat over so many generations has led to some health care problems for America #39;s favorite holiday meal.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to attend an EU summit despite diplomatic sniping over the  Ukraine crisis.
Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - LeBron James poured in a career-high 43 points to lead Cleveland to an easy 92-76 win over Detroit at Gund Arena.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) is demanding to know from the Zimbabwe government why a number of British journalists have been refused entry to cover England #39;s one-day series.
Lute Olson paced in front of his bench all night, obviously frustrated with his team. In the end, though, his Madison Square Garden streak remained intact.
El Paso, TX (Sports Network) - Texas-El Paso accepted an invitation to play in the Houston Bowl at Reliant Stadium on December 29.
Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Pirates have reportedly ironed out a trade to send veteran catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
Indonesian police investigating September #39;s suicide attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta said yesterday they had arrested four suspects but that a top bombmaker might have eluded arrest 
People who sell drugs near schools or use children to aid them could get tougher  sentences under a new law.
As the N.F.L. and a lawyer for the Ricky Williams close in on an agreement to allow Williams to be reinstated, the question remains whether he is interested in returning.
Kerry Kittles hyperextended his right knee in practice Tuesday - the same knee that was operated on for the fifth time last off-season.
Try to forget the basketball brawl and this year's other disturbing moments in sports. It's time to say thanks to some of the people who have made sports a better place.
As millions around the country headed into a busy weekend for air travel, overcast skies and snow flurries complicated the traditional Thanksgiving airport rush.
The company tentatively agreed to pay \$126 million and accept an independent monitor to settle investigations into the sale of insurance.
The CBS news division still anticipates serious fallout. Still, it is hard to wipe the grins off the faces of CBS's top executives.
The dispute between Oracle and PeopleSoft will return to the courtroom next month, when the presiding judge will hear more testimony.
England #39;s cricket players have cancelled their flight to Harare after the Zimbabwean government barred several British journalists from covering the team #39;s tour.
Redknapp and his No2 Jim Smith resigned from Portsmouth yesterday, leaving controversial new director Velimir Zajec in temporary control.
Mark Thatcher is likely to face questions in a South African court over allegations he funded an aborted military coup in Equatorial Guinea.
A new Netflix feature, Netflix Friends, lets you know what others are watching (and vice-versa).
An Indonesian court Thursday dismissed defense arguments that the trial of alleged Southeast Asian terror chief Abu Bakar Bashir was illegal, and ordered that proceedings against him should continue.
Nissan said today it would halt operations at some of its car plants in Japan for five days starting late this month because of a shortage of steel sheet.
Scanners can convert slides and negatives to digital files which can then be cropped, color-corrected and e-mailed to friends. Which model is right for you?
Motorsport.com. BAR test driver Anthony Davidson was due to try out for Williams at the beginning of December but BAR has put a stop to it.
Celtics fifth match in this seasons Champions League group stages sees the Hoops facing one of the favourites for the competition, Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
Tim Duncan scored 27 points and the San Antonio Spurs held Dallas to 3-for-17 shooting in the fourth quarter of a 94-80 victory over the Mavericks on Wednesday night.
The Indianapolis Colts have been on the fast track since October gave way to November. Thursday in Detroit #39;s Ford Field, they #39;ll share the traditional Thanksgiving Day 
The UN says Rwanda is threatening to attack Hutu rebels based in the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo. Meanwhile, Kigali says the rebels are advancing toward Rwanda #39;s border.
AP - Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck's injured right thigh is improving, thanks partly to acupuncture treatments, and he could be ready to play Sunday against Buffalo.
AP - Congress passed a bill that lays down strict guidelines for sex and violence in broadcast programming and threatens multimillion dollar fines or even closure for media outlets that disobey.
The Oracle Corporation has taken control of PeopleSoft, making Oracle the world's second-largest maker of business-management software.
Frustrated by the failure of e-mail solicitations, admission directors are looking for new ways to incorporate the Internet into their marketing plans.
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana tells the BBC he met Hamas, a Palestinian militant group on the EU's terror list.
China #39;s leading trade union group says it will help multinationals in China including Wal-Mart to set up their own trade unions as soon as possible.
Citrix Systems, Inc. a global leader in access infrastructure solutions has announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire privately held Net6 Inc.
Playing their second game in as many nights in the opposite corner of the country, the Portland Trail Blazers fell behind early and then rallied to complete a Florida sweep.
Iran sought yesterday to partially roll back its commitment to freeze all uranium enrichment programs, demanding the right to run some equipment that can be used to produce nuclear arms.
Indonesian Detective Police Chief, Suyitno Landung, holds pictures of arrested terror suspects in Jakarta, November 24. Indonesian police said they had arrested four Muslim militants over a suicide bomb attack 
The United Nations andthe United States on Wednesday strongly condemned the recent violation of a cease-fire by the rebels in Sudan #39;s troubled region of Darfur.
Shopkeeper explains how to fill in voter registration forms to his customers in Baghdad, November 23. Iraq #39;s Electoral Commission on Sunday set national elections for January 30, 2005.
A 5.3-magnitude earthquake struck Northern Italy at about midnight, the US Geological Survey said. There were no reports of injuries though there was some structural damage.
AFP - Australian police say they may soon follow the United States' lead and issue air marshals with electric stun guns after a trial of the weapons by an elite security unit.
Figures show Japan's trade surplus grew again in October but analysts warned of a tougher environment ahead.
Sir Mark Thatcher will go before a South African court on Thursday on charges that he helped finance a foiled coup attempt.
MORE than 700 asbestos disease victims face reduced payouts in the immediate future after James Hardie #39;s compensation fund today applied for provisional liquidation.
Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed Wednesday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though they declined to endorse any new steps 
The Masters champion shot a 13-under-par 59 on Wednesday and won the PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a two-day competition for the year #39;s four major winners.
The challenge for the Wolverines entering Wednesday night #39;s game against Arizona was to see whether they could hang with the nation #39;s best.
If you are a football fan, and you are watching the Colts play the traditional Thanksgiving game at Detroit today, pay close attention to quarterback Peyton Manning.
Despite calls from medical experts and a prominent Republican senator for an independent office to monitor drug safety, the idea, prompted by the Food and Drug 
St. Cloud Regional Airport no longer will have regular police presence during its departures and arrivals, airport and police officials said.
Reuters - Jacksonville Jaguars\quarterback Byron Leftwich participated in practice Wednesday\and is expected to start this week against the Minnesota\Vikings.
Eight nations with Arctic territory agreed yesterday to fight glacial melting and other effects of climate change in the region, though 
AFP - Two proposed resolutions condemning widespread rights abuses in Sudan and Zimbabwe failed to pass a UN committee, mired in debate between African and western nations.
There's a growing disconnect between basketball's paying public and the NBA players that began when the NBA decided to dovetail its product with hip-hop.
A fierce snowstorm pummeled the Midwest on one of the busiest travel days of the year yesterday, snarling roads and causing long delays at airports as millions 
Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
If you can bring yourself to just do it, returning things bought! on the Web is getting easier.
Thousands of armchair sky watchers are pairing computers and consumer-grade meteorological equipment to share their observations of local conditions online.
AT T is expected to announce as soon as next week details about how it plans to offer mobile phone service using Sprint's cellular network.
CAPTAIN Brian Lara and other top West Indies players have ruled themselves out of January #39;s triangular one-day series in Australia because of a contract dispute.
We can talk all you want about Chris Paul, Justin Gray and Eric Williams. We know how talented the three are at their respective positions.
Have adware and spyware commandeered your computer? An extreme solution: erasing your hard drive and starting over.
Tripoli, Nov. 25 (NNN) : In a historic development, President Jacques Chirac of France has made the first visit to Libya by a French leader since 1951.
In the Internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. But some consumers have found ways around the blockade.
It's only Thanksgiving, but Sara Taggart already feels behind on her Christmas shopping.
American International Group Inc. said yesterday it has agreed to pay \$126 million to settle federal allegations the insurance giant helped two customer companies commit accounting fraud.
The chairwoman of James Hardie has dismissed today #39;s announcement of the provisional liquidation of an asbestos compensation foundation as a stunt.
A South African court has postponed the trial of Mark Thatcher on charges he helped finance a coup in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea until next April.
Laos on Thursday opened its first-ever major conference, drawing together Asian nations in their aspirations for economic integration while addressing terrorism and other regional threats.
THE insurgent leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has attacked Muslim clerics for failing to support attacks on United States-led forces in Iraq.
AP - Utah State University has secured a  #36;40 million contract with NASA to build an orbiting telescope that will examine galaxies and try to find new stars.
Chaz Carr scored 19 points and Matt Wolff added 17 as Boston University beat Fordham, 66-51, yesterday.
The Asean forum opens in Laos, with a free-trade accord and anti-terrorism moves on the agenda.
Rashad Jordan moved over from his position in Catholic Memorial's Cover-2 zone defense and welcomed Jim Cotter into retirement.
The UK's growing sexual health crisis is to be tackled with a 300m investment for clinics and advertising.
LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair's government was accused yesterday of playing politics with fear and using the threat of terrorism to boost its chances of reelection.
BAGHDAD -- An American diplomat was killed yesterday in an attack near the heavily fortified sector of central Baghdad known as the Green Zone, US officials said.
D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp attempts to put a high-water mark on the price of a stadium that would force a relocation if the price is too high.
Police have determined that a fourth member of the Pacers, reserve center David Harrison, was involved in the brawl at last Friday night's Indiana-Detroit game.
With officers intimidated by killings and threats, some have begun questioning the notion of trying to establish a system of local policing at this time.
Gold broke the \$450 a troy ounce level on Thursday for the first time since June 1988 as the dollar fell to a record low against the euro.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new drug for multiple sclerosis that in clinical trials got better results than existing drugs in protecting against relapses.
All top managers of embattled oil major YUKOS have fled Russia fearing that state prosecutors may order their arrest, a YUKOS source says.
A federal judge yesterday threatened sanctions against MCI Inc. for apparently violating a court order requiring approval of expenditures for lawyers and consultants while it was in bankruptcy protection.
German business confidence is tumbling amid mounting fears about the impact of the euro #39;s rise against the dollar, according to the closely-watched Ifo economic institute survey.
Foreign Minister Jan Petersen is attending the Ministerial Meeting of the Arctic Council in Iceland on 24 November. The most important item on the agenda is a discussion of the Arctic Climate Impact Assessment.
Question: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.
Scientists from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory have pieced together the most detailed images of two Saturnian moons from pictures the Cassini orbiter captured at the end of October.
The CIA is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of Internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists, newly released documents reveal.
Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall is about to be traded from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics for two pitchers, a baseball official told The Associated Press yesterday.
RAFAEL BENITEZ cannot afford to feel too down-hearted this morning. Not with spirits to raise before Sunday #39;s daunting encounter with champions Arsenal.
Pakistan #39;s prime minister called this week #39;s discussions about Kashmir with his Indian counterpart  quot;friendly and cordial.
The Black Watch has taken part in its biggest offensive since being re-deployed near Baghdad, raiding homes of suspected Saddam Hussein loyalists.
The trial of Sir Mark Thatcher in South Africa on charges that he helped finance a failed coup in Equatorial Guinea has been postponed until 8 April next year.
An earthquake rattled northern Italy yesterday, sending residents into the streets and damaging buildings, news reports said. No injuries were reported.
The British and Irish governments are due to present the DUP and Sinn Fin with further clarification today of their proposals for a deal on the North #39;s political future.
The average Internet user in the U.S. spends three hours a day online, with much of that time devoted to work and more than half of it to communications.
Appetite for foreign foods and beverages is among the reasons the nation is expected to pay as much for imported products in 2005 as it earns by selling products abroad.
Inspector general for Iraqi reconstruction says the company's record-keeping was so poor that auditors could not determine whether the firm had fulfilled its obligations to the U.S. government.
All the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos have fled the country in fear of arrest as the government seeks to sell off its main asset.
The number of mortgages approved by banks fall for the fifth month in a row in October, figures show.
Internet retailers are figuring out what online shoppers really want and adding features to help, such as top-10 lists of hot sellers, gift picks by category and product ratings and reviews.
Head of a technology industry trade group that encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft for antitrust violations for years received nearly \$10M as part of a settlement with the software giant.
The Oracle Corporation fired PeopleSoft's co-president and chief financial officer, Kevin Parker, and three other top executives.
American companies stepped up their dividend increases in 2004, buoyed by strong cash flows and by a changed tax law.
I.B.M. said that the personal computer business it was selling to the Lenovo Group of China had not made a profit for three and a half years.
The Michigan mens basketball team has a chance to carve out its own little piece of history, beginning tonight in the semifinals of the Preseason NIT in New York.
IRANIAN President Mohammad Khatami has criticised an International Atomic Energy Agency resolution on its nuclear activities drawn up by Britain, France and Germany.
Hundreds of police and federal agents raided a Mexico City suburb on Wednesday night after two officers were killed by an angry crowd.
NORTHERN Ireland could return to self-government next spring, the Rev Ian Paisley #39;s Democratic Unionist Party said last night.
Top News News, Dallas,Snow and rain snarled the holiday plans of millions of Thanksgiving travellers across the US as they battled flight delays and hazardous driving, reports UPI.
AP - Raymond Felton hardly looked like he was playing with a bad wrist.
The New York Times Company said that it had agreed to buy 49 percent of Metro Boston, a free newspaper aimed primarily at commuters in their 20's and 30's.
The magnitude of the tsunami that remade the coasts of the Asian subcontinent was slowly gauged across the world.
Archipelago Holdings, the owner of ArcaEx, the largest electronic stock market, is expected to buy the Pacific Exchange for about \$50 million.
Much of the initial information about what had happened in Asia came from the Web.
A new fan Web site is unusual for the subject it obsesses over - the Conceptual Art star Matthew Barney - but otherwise it hews to the norm.
Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall was close to being traded from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics for a pair of pitchers, a baseball official told the Associated Press on Wednesday.
Nissan Motor Co. said Thursday it will halt operations at three of its plants in Japan for five days starting later this month due to a steel sheet shortage.
When arcade games are in the recreation room, no coins are necessary.
Ethiopia's government reverses its opposition to an international ruling on its border with Eritrea.
Venezuela passes a strict media law condemned by the opposition and human rights groups.
Phil Mickelson scorches round in  59 shots to win the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Hawaii.
The trial of seven people accused of forming a child sex ring in Portuguese care homes is set to begin.
A bomb in south-western Pakistan kills a soldier and injures 14, the latest in a series of attacks.
Police look for a woman who broke into pop star George Michael's north London home earlier this month.
Law enforcement has sought to identify some users of the Nmap freeware port scanner, the author says.
Despite a recent antitrust settlement, Scott McNealy says Sun Microsystems shaking hands with Microsoft is like two boxers tapping gloves.
Dr. David Graham, the Food and Drug Administration scientist who publicly criticized the agency #39;s approach to drug safety during a congressional hearing last week, said 
West Indies may send a weakened squad to Australia for the forthcoming one-day series after most of their 25-man squad missed a deadline to make themselves available amid a dispute over sponsorship.
One of the two Blackburn Rovers Football Club fans charged with public disorder for racially abusing Dwight Yorke has been handed a five-year ban.
Any product, any shape, any size -- manufactured on your desktop! The future is the fabricator. By Bruce Sterling from Wired magazine.
The United States and the seven other countries jointly expressed concern about changes in the Arctic climate, but they did not agree on a strategy to deal with them.
A critically ill Wisconsin teenager who was bitten by a bat recovered after being put into a drug-induced coma and being given antiviral drugs.
Donald R. Puddy, a longtime NASA flight director, supervised Apollo, Skylab and early space shuttle missions from Mission Control.
sameerdesai writes  quot;Seattletimes is carying this story on Intel helping major countries like China and India to help build Linux machines as an alternative to Microsoft Windows.
A senior Rwandan government official signaled Wednesday Rwandan troops will attack the Congo-based rebels by saying that Rwanda will do all possible to defend her nationals if attacked by the militia.
Industry experts say that the financial trouble of one of the biggest Chinese makers of television sets will not affect the market much.
Web sites have converted the mischievous idea of a few alumni into an odd form of futures market for betting on a college football coach's career.
Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service.
Chief financial officer for Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos said Thursday he delayed his return to Moscow indefinitely after Russian prosecutors had summoned him for questioning.
The European Union and seven other countries #39; sanctions request on United States exports have been postponed to be considered by the World Trade Organization at a meeting.
Worries about the strengthening euro and concerns over persistently high oil prices helped push German business confidence down in November, a closely watched survey showed Thursday.
As people gathered online to discuss the horror of the South Asian tsunami on sites known as Web logs, some bloggers said it had to be the government's fault.
Under his two-and-a-half year tenure, the south coast club were transformed from First Division also-rans into an established side in the Barclays Premiership.
UNDER-STRENGTH France reached their third Fed Cup final when they took an unbeatable 3-0 lead in their semi-final against Spain today.
This year was the season of the last-minute markdown as merchants, led by Wal-Mart Stores, scrambled to cut prices, choosing sales gains over higher profits.
The head of a technology industry trade group that for years encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft Corp. for antitrust violations personally received nearly \$10 million as part 
Zimbabwe have rescinded a ban on British journalists wanting to cover a five-match cricket tour by England, a senior official at the department of information and publicity said on Thursday.
Well, let this be a lesson to us all. There really is no egregious mistake in the world of professional flesh peddling that cannot be undone.
Michelin engineers are developing the "Tweel," a combined tire and wheel that could never go flat because it contains no air.
Business confidence in Germany, Europe's largest economy, falls to its lowest level in more than a year.
About 20,000 pirate players of Half-Life 2 have been banned from the game.
Ionics Inc., a Watertown water treatment company with global operations, agreed to be purchased yesterday by General Electric Co. for \$1.1 billion in cash.
Game maker Valve shut down the online accounts of the players because it had evidence that their copy of the game had been obtained illegally.
Former national amateur champion Kurt Barnes shot a brilliant 65 on Thursday to emerge as the unlikely first round leader of the centenary Australian Open.
NHL players are about to receive their first lockout stipends, amounts which will work out to roughly 3.6 per cent of the average NHL salary, according to the Canadian Press.
Business confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s largest economy, has fallen to its lowest level in more than a year, over concerns at a strengthening euro.
Linebacker Dennis Haley is perhaps the Cavaliers' most unsung hero on a defense that is in the nation's top 10 in points allowed.
 Tracy Miller thinks about her son's touch and his voice, trying to grasp that she will never experience either again.
A European judge is to hold a closed-door meeting today to discuss the lifting of sanctions by the EU in its anti-trust ruling against Microsoft.
Thanksgiving didn #39;t start out as planned for many holiday travelers who began the long weekend stuck in airports or creeping along highways after fierce storms dumped snow in the Midwest.
The first strike in the 64-year history of the Pennsylvania Turnpike meant free rides for about 650,000 vehicles yesterday, the first travel day of the Thanksgiving weekend.
Carlyle Group, the US private equity fund, is in talks with the Hanjin Group over the purchase of some of the South Korean conglomerate #39;s transport and logistics 
What #39;s going on with the dollar? After falling steadily for the better part of two years, the greenback showed signs of stabilizing in the spring and summer.
Electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.
The former Torrance High star #39;s salary is a burden for tight-fisted Pittsburgh, which would get pitching help in return. By Alan Robinson.
But there are only a handful of programs that consider themselves to be on the same level as Arizona, an elite basketball power that expects to be in contention for the Final Four every season.
The chancellor presses the G8 to freeze all debts owed by countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster, the BBC learns.
Journal Newspapers Inc. plans to begin distributing a free daily newspaper in the District on Feb. 1, according to one of its major advertisers and a source close to the company.
Two Russian soldiers armed with Kalashnikov assault rifles shot and killed two police officers Wednesday night and have taken two hostages near Moscow.
A rebel group in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region says the government is responsible for an upsurge in fighting there in violation of a ceasefire.
The European Union foreign policy chief, Javier Solana, has recently held a secret meeting with representatives of Palestinian movement, Hamas, it was revealed on Thursday.
An earthquake measuring about 5.2 on the Richter scale shook northern Italy from the Tyrrhenian to the Adriatic seas in the night to Thursday, causing panic and injuring at least nine people.
TechWeb - Hired from IBM, CEO-elect John Swainson plans to move fast, without mimicking the software or services strategy of his former employer.
TheDeal.com - Vice Chancellor Leo Strine Jr. continues the case to hear additional testimony on PeopleSoft's poison pill.
Shares in European online travel retailer lastminute.com PLC sank by 13 percent Thursday after the company reported losses well below its own predictions and market expectations.
British mobile phone network O2 will launch an i-mode service next year after licensing the technology from Japanese telco NTT DoCoMo, newspaper reports have claimed.
Arctic peoples aim to team up with tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming, arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to suffer most.
As part of a protest against proposed course cuts, students at Exeter University in England have put their University up for sale on eBay.
Online phishing schemes more than doubled last month, leaving financial institutions struggling to rebuff attempts to steal private account information from customers, according to the Anti-Phishing Working Group.
Jose Mourinho made several changes to his Chelsea side for the visit of Paris St.Germain, resulting in a rustrating but not entirely relevant 0-0 draw.
From a British perspective the big story from Group F is that Celtic bow out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Barcelona in the Nou Camp.
A football fan yesterday admitted racially abusing Birmingham City footballer Dwight Yorke - and vowed to apologise personally to the striker.
The final of the African Confederation Cup between Ghanaian clubs Hearts of Oak and Asante Kotoko has been postponed to avoid a clash with the country #39;s presidential elections.
Bank president told Treasury Secretary John W. Snow that he will step down after a decade at the helm when his term expires in June.
#NAME?
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi Thursday praised French President Jacques Chirac #39;s visit to Libya, which he said boosted relations between their countries.
Two US soldiers were killed and a third was wounded Wednesday when a bomb exploded as they drove through an area of central Afghanistan where Taliban fighters are said 
Hamas Thursday denied European Union Foreign Policy Chief Javier Solana had direct contact with the Palestinian militant group. Solana had told the BBC he had contacts with Hamas 
The CBI cuts growth forecasts after order books for UK manufacturers drop to their lowest level since the start of 2004.
AP - The European Union's foreign policy chief denied Thursday that he recently met with the Palestinian militant group Hamas, which the EU has blacklisted as a terrorist organization.
AFP - Nintendo, the world's largest maker of portable game consoles, said it returned to profitability in the first half after booking large foreign exchange gains.
\A teenage girl has become the first known person to survive rabies without the benefit of a vaccination, say doctors.
Huge crowds greet football legend George Weah on his return home to Liberia to launch a presidential bid.
Israeli soldiers killed three Palestinian militants in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses say.
The Garden Island. POIPU - Not even the sunscreen could cool off Phil Mickelson on his way to the 2004 Grand Slam title yesterday.
CHELSEA were barking up the wrong tree as they were muzzled by a PSG team who had failed to win an away game in Europe for seven years.
Looking for an answer to a specific question?  Check out this list of the best reference sites of 2004, as compiled by the American Library Association.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s largest coalition partner threatened to quit Thursday, raising the possibility of early elections that could endanger his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip next year.
The World Trade Organization on Wednesday held off approving stiff sanctions on US exports ranging from cod to mobile homes intended to punish Washington until it repeals the so-called Byrd amendment.
Scientists and officials strengthened efforts to forestall the extinction of thousands of species and protect the world #39;s habitats in talks in 
AP - Former head coaches David Cutcliffe, Bill Lewis and Rick Minter joined the staff of new Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis on Monday night.
An Indonesian court ruled Thursday the trial of terror suspect Abu Bakar Bashir would proceed, rejecting a plea from the cleric #39;s lawyers to drop the charges.
Baghdad - An Iraqi minister said on Thursday that a chemical weapons laboratory was found in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah, Sky News reports.
Six directors at Reliance Energy resign amid a growing family row over ownership of India's largest private company.
Software developer Wurld Media has devised a way to bridge the gap between the freewheeling peer to peer downloads community and the music companies who would like to be paid.
AP - Private Indian and Pakistani information technology companies will meet in the Pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement.
AFP - Finnish authorities warned computer users against using the popular Microsoft Internet Explorer Six web browser as it has a "serious" security flaw that compromises computer systems.
AP - Nearly 8 million mobile phone users have switched carriers and kept their cell numbers since a new rule allowing that flexibility went into effect one year ago, according to the Federal Communications Commission.
Reuters - Arctic peoples aim to team up with\tropical islanders in a campaign against global warming,\arguing that polar bears and palm-fringed beaches stand to\suffer most.
Control of the UK's radio spectrum is being handed to the business community to promote wireless services.
\Students at Exeter University put the institution up for sale on eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.
TORONTO - Ontario is launching 10 new projects to create electricity from renewable resources, Energy Minister Dwight Duncan said Wednesday.
The world #39;s first fully automated check-in and immigration clearance system that uses biometric recognition technology has been on trial at Singapore Changi Airport since Nov. 1.
Finance police have raided Italy #39;s Olympic Committee and the committee organising the 2006 Winter Games, investigative sources say.
The director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said Thursday that his agency is unable to definitively conclude at the present time that Iran does not 
A court in South Africa has postponed until next April the trial of Mark Thatcher on charges he helped fund a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Rwanda insisted on Thursday it would soon attack rebels inside the Democratic Republic of Congo unless they were disarmed, as the UN Security Council 
Paris 2012 moved quickly Thursday to deny the critics from their rivals of taking the advantage of embassies to promote their bid of 2012 Olympics.
Brad Haddin blasted a career-best 154 from 162 balls in a brutal display to earn New South Wales first innings points against Victoria at the Junction Oval.
LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices rose over worries about a possible supply shortage of US heating oil stocks during the northern hemisphere winter.
particularly in the Far East and Eastern Europe - that they would rather give away copies of Windows XP to people who may 
To the outside world, Londoners are cold, brusque and unimpressed at the prospect of millions of people turning up on their doorstep to watch the 2012 Olympics.
BAGSHOT, England (AFP) - England rugby union captain Jason Robinson has said he is thankful the kind of racist incidents recently experienced in football had no place in his sport.
A WHY-WORRY attitude to three dropped shots on two early holes set up young NSW player Kurt Barnes to rocket to the top of the Australian Open leaderboard yesterday.
AP - European soccer authorities opened an investigation into racist abuse by Spanish fans at this week's Champions League game.
The euro jumps to an all time high against the dollar as signs of declining business confidence in Germany increases fears about European competitiveness.
AP - Jets general manager Terry Bradway received a two-year contract extension Thursday that will keep him in the organization through 2007.
Oracle nominated four candidates to serve as directors of PeopleSoft #39;s board and said it would fight for control of the company at its annual meeting next year.
A European Union judge told a closed meeting on Thursday he planned to rule within a month whether to freeze curbs imposed by the EU #39;s executive on Microsoft, lawyers present said.
British manufacturers are reporting that their order books are at their lowest level since January, prompting the CBI to scale back its forecast for economic growth for 2005 
Telecoms giant BT today said it was parting company with one of the architects of its transformation from a fixed-line operator. Pierre Danon will join French IT services company 
Hot on the heels of a national report that the number of Canadians who smoke pot has doubled in a decade, marijuana advocates say their own polls shows strong support for taxing the drug.
It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store is causing a bit of a stir by refusing to sell the charity Band Aid song  quot;Do They Know It #39;s Christmas?
We are all used to IE getting a monthly new security bug found, but Winamp? In fact, this is not the first security flaw found in the application.
The European Union judge deciding whether Microsoft will have to reform its business practices will continue to take into account arguments made by Novell and a prominent 
Fear of arrest has forced all the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos to flee the country. The entire management board was in London on Thursday, according to the Financial Times.
Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho is expecting his side to get a tough test in the second round of the Champions League despite the Blues having won their group.
England were ordered to stay in South Africa rather than fly to Zimbabwe yesterday after the Harare government barred most British media from covering their five-match cricket tour.
Finance police have raided the offices of Italy #39;s Olympic organizers for records on the Turin committee #39;s work ahead of the 2006 Winter Games, officials said on Thursday.
The two governments are hoping to respond to queries tabled by the DUP and Sinn Fein over the British-Irish proposals on restoring devolution by Friday.
Limited mileage for Franck as he continued electronics development, while Giancarlo completed 85 laps as he continued the settling in process.
The euro jumps to an all-time high against the dollar, raising fears about European growth, and the price of gold rises as people switch out of the dollar.
Iran is demanding the right to operate uranium enrichment equipment, despite its agreement with the Europeans.
MUMBAI: Reliance Energy chairman Anil Ambani tonight refused to join issues with his elder brother Mukesh Ambani on the raging battle between them.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) will swap out phony copies of Windows XP for the real thing, but only in the UK, the company said on Wednesday.
Spare a thought for John Bracewell as New Zealand attempt to repair their already badly-dented reputation in the second test against Australia.
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw today won an assurance from Palestinian leaders that they would act to halt the violence against Israelis amid renewed efforts to restart the Middle East peace process.
Delaware judge Leo Strine refused to remove PeopleSofts poison pill and alter the shareholder rights plan in a hearing Wednesday.
Jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti has decided to run for Palestinian Authority president in a Jan. 9 election, seeking to succeed the late Yasser Arafat 
Reuters - Environmentalists built a giant\Christmas tree out of garbage in Beirut on Thursday to pressure\the government into cleaning up Lebanon's waste problem.
A European Union court will rule in December on an appeal by software giant Microsoft to suspend EU sanctions.
OIL futures prices rose in Europe today amid concerns about heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
The worlds tallest sand dunes, some half a kilometre high, survive in a windy desert in northern China because water cements them together, a new study suggests.
Livingston has fired manager Allan Preston after seven losses in a row. The Lions are last in the Scottish Premier League with just nine points from 15 games and the owners decided 
Inverness Caledonian Thistle appointed Craig Brewster as its new manager-player Thursday although he #39;s unable to play for the team until January.
Pakistan #39;s Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said Thursday he believes the time is ripe for peace with arch-rival India. Aziz, who returned Wednesday from his 
Iraqi troops, searching terrorist hideouts in Fallujah, discovered a chemical weapons laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins - including anthrax.
Three people have been killed and 14 wounded in separate bomb attacks in the restive Iraqi city of Samarra. One of the blasts was a suicide attack.
Security researchers are warning of a serious - and unfixed - security hole with the popular Winamp media player.
Wurld Media has concluded agreements with Sony BMG, Universal Music Group and Warner Music Group to facilitate the licensing of music exchanged on its peer-to-peer music network.
AP - Kurt Barnes held a two-stroke lead Thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Australian Open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Hempstead, NY (Sports Network) - The New York Jets on Thursday extended the contract of executive vice president and general manager Terry Bradway through the 2007 season.
The fate of the five Bulgarian nurses sentenced to death in Libya has been discussed by the French President Jacques Chirac and Libyan leader Muammar Quaddafi.
Chile's ex-military ruler Augusto Pinochet marks his 89th birthday amid news that a judge has frozen more of his assets.
NEW YORK, Nov 23 (AFP) - Wall Street shares slid on Tuesday as oil prices surged higher and investors sensed weaknesses in the technology sector.
A FEW months ago Treasurer Peter Costello was telling Australians to go forth and procreate but he now says they should work harder to pay for their old age.
While it took the digital photography industry around six years to launch a six megapixel digital camera it seems the mobile phone industry is not hanging about.
I condemn the recent increase in violence in Darfur, including attacks by the Sudan Liberation Army (SLA) on Tawilla and at Kalma.
United Airlines and Delta Air Lines both took further steps to tackle the US aviation industry #39;s crippling financial crisis, despite the normally quiet Thanksgiving holiday period.
The NFL sent a memo to all its teams reminding them about the league #39;s commitment to security following last week #39;s brawl at an NBA game.
The University of Colorado could face serious NCAA sanctions if private donations for a summer football camp were used for recruiting, an attorney said.
Lucas Di Grassi took a podium finish on his maiden visit to Macaus Guia circuit. Quite an accomplishment for the young Brazilian.
Remarkable filmwork of pandas in the wild shows how these rare bears engage in some gymnastics to mark their territory.
The Russian government intends to take concrete efforts to develop trade and economic relations with Venezuela, Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov said on Thursday, according to the Russian media.
p2pnet.net News:- Winamp has an extremely critical security hole that could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user #39;s system.
Theoretically, CSKA Moscow can still qualify for the next round of the Champions League, but last nights home defeat to reigning champions Porto has lengthened the odds greatly.
President Paul Kagame said Congo and the international community had failed to tackle the rebels for 10 years.  quot;If the international community cannot take care of this problem 
Six directors of Reliance Energy, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries, India #39;s biggest private sector company, yesterday resigned from the board as 
Englands controversial cricket tour of Zimbabwe was back on tonight after a ban on British journalists was lifted. But the Tories accused the Government of having 
A grand experiment for the Grand Canyon, the controlled flood designed to reinvigorate the Colorado River ecosystem will finish today, while scientific research on the results steps up.
Arsene Wenger is confident that his Arsenal side will progress to the next stage of the Champions League despite missing two key players for the final group game in two weeks.
Microsoft is expected to hear next month whether antitrust penalties imposed by the European Commission will become effective immediately, or whether they will be suspended for possibly four to five years.
LONDON - The entire management board of the embattled Russian oil company Yukos appears to have fled the country for fear of arrest.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 25 - Sharman Networks has announced that Kazaa Version 3 will integrate Skype software via the recently released Skype API.
India says it would consider granting autonomy to the disputed region of Kashmir to help make peace with Pakistan, but added it will not redraw its borders.
The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, today won an assurance from Palestinian political leaders that they would act to halt the violence against Israelis but ruled out a meeting with Hamas.
AP - Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Shares in online travel firm Lastminute tumble as it reports pre-tax losses of 77m - almost double the figure of a year ago.
With the dollar hitting a third straight day of record lows against the euro, gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years.
New data casts doubt on the popular theory that big North American mammals were wiped out by human hunting.
Indianapolis Colts quarterback Peyton Manning (18) calls a play in the huddle during the first quarter against the Chicago Bears Sunday, Nov. 21, 2004, in Chicago.
Cigarette sales in Ireland have fallen by 17.6 percent this year after it became the first country to impose a nationwide ban on smoking in the workplace.
Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Phishing scams increased by more than 100 in October causing banks, financial services firms and popular consumer websites until grief.
On a day when police inspected Turin #39;s financial records, the IOC urged Italian organizers to sort out their problems soon or risk a crisis of confidence in the 2006 Winter Olympics.
TORONTO (CP) - Higher oil and gold prices along with a financial services sector on the mend fuelled respectable gains on the Toronto stock market Thursday.
AP - Two-time major champion Mary Pierce pulled out of France's Fed Cup semifinal against Spain because of a right shoulder injury, the French tennis federation said on its Web site Tuesday.
British-born writer Arthur Hailey, author of 11 best-sellers, dies at his home in the Bahamas, says his wife Sheila.
With the dollar hitting a third straight day of record lows against the euro, gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years.
ST. JOHN #39;S, Nfld. - Officials have shut down a drilling rig at the Terra Nova offshore oil project following another oil spill Thursday morning.
Students at Exeter University have put the institution up for sale on internet auction site eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.
Cincinnati, OH (Sports Network) - Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer missed the second half of Thursday #39;s practice while receiving treatment for back spasms.
The presidents of Congo and Rwanda could meet soon to calm renewed tensions between the neighboring countries, according to presidential aides.
Madrid 2012 organizers complained that Paris 2012 had broken bidding rules for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games by using Frances embassies in Oslo and Kuwait to hold events promoting its candidacy.
which plans to axe three academic departments to save money -as been put up for sale on the internet auction site eBay. The campus is on offer at 10 million in 
Striker Samuel Eto #39;o says Barcelona still want to top their Champions League group despite having safely qualified for the knockout stages with a 1-1 draw against Celtic on Wednesday.
Oracle has named four candidates that it plans to nominate to the board of PeopleSoft, as it pushes forward with its efforts to try to take control of the rival company.
Sometimes, when we think we #39;re changing 4 quarters for a dollar, we actually get short-changed. This is the case with the death of Yasser Arafat.
AP - Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was arrested early Thursday morning after he refused to leave a club.
Homing pigeons use the Earth #39;s magnetic field to navigate their way home over long distances, scientists writing in Nature magazine confirm.
INDIANAPOLIS Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was arrested early this morning after he refused to leave an Indianapolis club.
Brian Barwick, the head of ITV Sport, was tonight facing the challenge of uniting the national sport behind him as he was announced as the Football Associations new chief executive.
Television executive Brian Barwick was given the top job in English football on Thursday when he was appointed Football Association chief executive.
Reliance Energy Chairman Anil Ambani on Thursday refused to join issue with his elder brother Mukesh Ambani on the battle raging between them.
Ricky Ponting has said he would be disappointed if senior West Indies players, including batsman Brian Lara, did not join the team #39;s one-day series tour 
AP - Oracle Corp. plans to nominate four candidates for election to rival PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors as part of its battle to acquire the rival software company.
England's players claim to have been used as "political pawns" over the Zimbabwe tour crisis.
Middlesbrough suffer their first defeat in Europe this season and will have to wait to secure their Uefa Cup knockout spot. 
The European Union has launched a new drive to reduce its regulatory burden on companies, in a bid to tackle one of the most frequent complaints made by business.
AP - Colts quarterback Peyton Manning set an NFL record by throwing at least four touchdown passes in a fifth straight game, getting four in the first half alone against the Lions on Thursday.
Last season #39;s UEFA Cup semi-finalists Newcastle United marched into the last 32 with their third successive win in the group stage on Thursday.
Foreign direct investment inflows to India leapt by almost 70 per cent in the first six months of the year but are still running at only a tenth the volume of China.
ROBERT MUGABES Government is pushing through legislation designed to prevent human rights organisations from operating in Zimbabwe.
Sporting Lisbon ended Dinamo Tbilisi #39;s interest in the UEFA Cup with a crushing 4-0 victory at the Boris Paichadze stadium in Georgia.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. Oracle has announced plans to nominate four candidates for election to rival PeopleSoft #39;s board of directors.
Israel has responded coolly to reports of secret contacts with the Palestinian militant group Hamas. European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana has revealed there has been some contacts, but he has 
The UN Security Council has warned Rwanda not to attack the Democratic Republic of Congo to flush out Hutu rebels based there, reports Anne Mugisa.
The board of directors of embattled oil giant Yukos said Thursday it will continue to defend the company from a criminal probe it called politically motivated amid reports that board members have fled Russia.
There #39;s no rest for the Salvation Army bell ringers as the holidays arrive. They #39;re out in force this season, gathering money to help the less fortunate.
Oil futures prices rose in Europe Thursday amid concerns about heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
Japanese stocks may rise after companies including Nintendo Co. and AOC Holdings Inc. raised their full-year earnings forecasts. Expectations of a strong Christmas sale season are 
Before you go holiday shopping, children #39;s safety groups said you should check their lists twice to find out which toys could hurt your kids.
WASHINGTON - Insects that emerge every 17 years in the eastern United States provide valuable nutrients to forest ecosystems when they die, an ecologist says.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. Nov 25, 2004 - Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe will not fight Kenny Craven on Saturday because of a shoulder injury.
AP - Peyton Manning had barely made it to the locker room, and already the talking heads on the network NFL shows were debating his place in history.
Some 450 members of Colombia #39;s feared rightwing paramilitaries have disarmed en masse in a football field as part of the process to end the civil war.
Art collectors spend millions to buy masterpieces, but the masterpiece they buy today could prove to be virtually worthless tomorrow if they aren #39;t careful.
QUEENSLANDER Rod Pampling made four birdies on the front nine to grab the outright lead in the second round of the Australian Open in Sydney.
Top executives at the Russian oil giant Yukos, including the company's American chief executive and chief financial officers, have left the country.
WASHINGTON - Hunters may not be to blame for the decline in bison populations, according to a new study that points the finger at climate change.
The European Union was last night attempting to salvage a hard-fought deal with Iran after Tehran insisted on exemptions to its agreed suspension of activities that could produce a nuclear weapon.
A rift between the Ambani brothers who run India #39;s Reliance conglomerate appeared to spill into the boardroom of power utility Reliance Energy Ltd.
AP - Police found the bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, in two areas Thursday near this Caribbean resort city, apparent victims of drug killings, officials said.
Mark Thatcher, in court over a coup plot, has built a new life amid the millionaires #39; mansions of Constantia. Raymond Whitaker reports.
THE Apple iTunes music store has refused to sell the charity Band Aid song Do They Know Its Christmas? because it would damage the companys dominance of the download market.
Australia captain Ricky Ponting won the toss and chose to bat first against New Zealand in the second and final cricket Test at Adelaide.
The British government on Thursday condemned the upsurge of violence in Darfur, and called on rebels and the Sudanese government to stop fighting.
THERE is never a right time to buy technology. Something cheaper, faster and better specified will be on the market before you have even got your product out of its box.
Marseille, France (Sports Network) - French power Marseille have reached an  quot;agreement in principal quot; for Philippe Troussier to become its new head coach.
The Iraqi foreign minister said today that the interim Iraqi government planned to meet soon in Jordan with leaders of the insurgency to try to persuade them to take part in legitimate politics here.
PeopleSofts shareholders tendered 60.8 of their shares to Oracle on November20th, which in TBRs (Technology Business Research) opinion makes this acquisition approximately 95 plausible.
In the postgame scrum underneath Rutgers Stadium, Connecticut Coach Randy Edsall paused for a moment and reflected on that day in December 1998 when he began the daunting 
Drew Henson will have to wait before he's the star of the Dallas Cowboys offense. Right now, the youngster turning heads is rookie running back Julius Jones.
Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.
Gold rose above \$450 an ounce for the first time in more than 16 years, driven by investors looking for an alternative to the American currency.
AP - Lebanon's most senior Shiite Muslim cleric is voicing doubts about holding national elections in Iraq, a major departure from his Iraqi colleagues who support the vote.
By a special correspondent in Harare. These were the words of an advertisement for the series between Zimbabwe and England, placed in the sports pages of Thursday morning #39;s Herald newspaper.
Mahmoud Abbas, the new chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, won a vital vote on Thursday evening from the Palestinians #39; dominant political faction approving 
Wrecks and abandoned munitions around the British coast risk exploding unpredictably, an expert says.
The unexpected ruling shifted momentum in the capital toward the official loser, Viktor A. Yushchenko, and the thousands of demonstrators in Independence Square.
Phil Burress, a self-described former pornography addict, has become a Paul Revere for the movement against same-sex marriage.
A window display in London showing the financial prices, Thursday Nov. 25, 2004. The dollar has dropped to an all time low against the Euro.
Peyton Manning equaled a career high with six touchdown passes Thursday in carrying Indianapolis to a 41-9 blasting of Detroit. It was the fifth straight game in which Manning 
and they would surely like to - the Knicks could look over their shoulders at mid-November and feel mildly satisfied. In the two-week span from Nov.
Rebels fighting to replace Nepal #39;s monarchy with a communist republic have until Jan. 13 to begin peace talks, Nepalese Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said.
Venezuela #39;s president said Thursday he supports keeping OPEC oil production at current levels, contracting comments by his energy minister who said last week that Venezuela would support a production cut.
FAO Schwarz, the upmarket toy retailer that has been closed for nearly a year, yesterday opened its redesigned flagship Manhattan store in time for the start of the holiday spending season.
WORK by a British scientist may show that humans were not responsible for the bison almost becoming extinct in the 19th century, it was disclosed yesterday.
Politics, Texas-style, led to NASA and its shuttle program getting their best treatment in decades from Congressional budget writers.
Nissan Motor, the Japanese carmaker, has been forced to stop production at three of its four car assembly plants in Japan for five working days after running out 
United Utilities, the water and electricity distributor, raised first-half pre-tax profit by 13 per cent to 188m following growth across all its operations.
Some Parkinson's patients say drug developer Amgen robbed them of their only hope by ordering all patients off an experimental drug.
Peter Hartz, as chairman of a commission to overhaul Germany's economy, became synonymous with far-reaching, often unpopular, reforms.
The head of the world's largest instant noodle manufacturer is trying to transform what was one of Asia's most influential overseas Chinese operations.
Under the measure, property owners who can prove that environmental or zoning rules have hurt their investments can force the government to compensate them.
 quot;The country was one black robe, quot; said early explorers on the North American continent as they surveyed the herds of buffalo.
Brian Barwick last night accepted the chief executive #39;s position at the Football Association following a final round of interviews earlier in the day.
The rebel Sudan Liberation Army was solely responsible for restarting the fighting in north Darfur, the chief UN envoy for Sudan, Jan Pronk, said yesterday.
For centuries the whereabouts of the Holy Grail, supposing it exists at all, has exercised the minds of scholars and tested the endurance of treasure hunters.
The Nissan Motor Company said Thursday that a shortage of steel would force it to temporarily halt production at three of four of its auto factories in Japan, an unusual step 
By Reuters. Peter Chernin, president of the News Corporation, has signed a new contract that makes it easier for him to take the top job at another publicly traded company.
AP - Police discovered the bodies of nine people, including three federal agents, at two sites outside this resort city. Authorities said the killing were probably linked to a drug turf war.
Indonesia's new president visits Aceh province,  where the army is involved in a major offensive against rebels.
Paraguayan police captured a leading Brazilian drug trafficking suspect after a gunbattle with the occupants of a cocaine-laden plane near the border with Brazil, authorities said.
Hanjin Group on Thursday denied a report on the progress of its talks with the US private equity fund Carlyle Group over the sale of its shipping and logistics operations.
While the US software giant Microsoft has achieved almost sweeping victories in government procurement projects in several Chinese provinces and municipalities, the process 
Drew Henson can claim three accomplishments that would seem to be the stuff of fantasies: He has played third base at Yankee Stadium, started at quarterback in front 
Indiana Pacers player Ron Artest #39;s charging into the stands after a fan who allegedly threw a beer at him Friday, as a fight between members of the 
MARK Thatcher will have to wait until at least next April to face trial on allegations he helped bankroll a coup attempt in oil-rich Equatorial Guinea.
Coach Eddie Jordan's version of the Princeton offense has given the Wizards an appreciation for moving without the ball and unselfish play.
Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi is arrested early Thursday after police use a stun gun to subdue him when he refuses to leave a club.
Virginia Tech keeps its coaching staff intact by signing its assistants to the longest guaranteed contracts in major college football.
Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer is expected to start Sunday against the Browns despite leaving practice on Thursday with back spasms.
In a game of powerless offenses, Julius Jones supplies 150 yards and two touchdowns to elevate the Cowboys over the Bears, 21-7.
Dan Orlovsky throws three touchdown passes and the Huskies put themselves in position for a bowl bid with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers on Thursday.
With all the grumbling over Windows and its many shortcomings, why would anyone want Microsoft #39;s computer operating system to run their cell phone?
commentary Microsoft was a little unhappy with an article I wrote this week because it contained a slight factual error. The error arose from two separate companies finding an almost identical security hole 
SPORT Minister Roger Boynes is insisting that if the impasse between the West Indies Players Association and the West Indies Cricket Board is not resolved, he had no problems with the youth 
The Zimbabwe government lifted the ban on visiting journalists even though it was revealed that those journos were denied accreditaion because of insufficient information provided!
The director of the International Atomic Energy Agency was unable to confirm that Iran had completely suspended its nuclear programs yesterday, as it had committed to doing, because the Islamic 
Taser International says that a study endorses the safety of its electrical guns, but the laboratory that conducted the research disagrees.
The Army has been using a new weapon that combines software with imagery beamed from satellites to make missions somewhat less unpredictable.
Privacy advocates say that new passports that carry information about the traveler in a computer chip will be vulnerable to electronic snooping.
AP - Hubie Brown retired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday due to health reasons.
Rod Pampling took advantage of perfect morning conditions to snatch a four-stroke lead midway through the second round of the centenary Australian Open on Friday.
just 3 days after it came into force, the head of the UN atomic watchdog says. Iranian denials has long accused Tehran of trying to build an atomic bomb.
A group of open-source software pioneers, led by Linux developer Linus Torvalds, has issued an appeal to the EU Council to block the legalization of software patents.
MEMPHIS Memphis Grizzlies head coach Hubie Brown has announced his retirement tonight, saying his decision is due to unexpected health-related issues.
Arsenal striker Thierry Henry is rated as having a 50-50 chance of being fit for Sundays game at Liverpool. The 27-year-old has been troubled with an Achilles 
THE Federal Government today played down its reluctance to join a non-aggression pact with Asian neighbours while Prime Minister John Howard prepared for a historic visit with ASEAN leaders.
AP - Nearly 9,000 rural farmworkers and landless peasants marched in the nation's capital Thursday, seeking major land reform legislation, the official Agencia Brasil news agency said.
AFP - Hyundai and Kia automotive plants shut down as their workers joined tens of thousands of other labourers in a strike against proposed new labor legislation, company officials said.
Nearly 9,000 rural farmworkers and landless peasants marched in the nation's capital Thursday, seeking major land reform legislation, the official Agencia Brasil news agency said.
TELECOMS giant BT yesterday said it was parting company with one of the architects of its transformation from a fixed-line operator.
Scientists controlling the cameras aboard the Cassini spacecraft in orbit around Saturn have just recovered two extraordinary, contrasting images of the planet #39;s most intriguing moons.
Let #39;s imagine that Ron Artest is a knowable person, instead of an animated cartoon of NBA excess that we can conveniently vent on and villainize.
Peyton Manning threw for six touchdowns in less than three quarters and raised his season total to 41 scoring passes, leading the Indianapolis Colts past the Detroit Lions 41-9 Thursday.
One of the most dynamic players on the Cavaliers team, Darryl Blackstock, makes sure that he takes care of his 15-month-old son.
At 12:01 am yesterday, he joined hundreds of turnpike managers and others in manning collection booths along the 531-mile toll road.
A man has stabbed eight teenagers to death and injured four others after breaking into a school in central China, teachers and local authorities say.
NEW DELHI: Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh indicated on Thursday that regional autonomy could be a solution to the Kashmir issue.
The company, which has long fought legislative efforts to limit its powers, is hoping the strategy will put them in a stronger position to bargain over crucial details with the  government.
Despite fierce competition from dominant of discount chains like Wal-Mart and Target, Toys R Us Inc. is betting its survival on low prices, strong inventory and good customer service.
A huge systems crash causes delays in processing some claims at the work and pensions department.
November 25, 2004 - Nintendo has raised its sales targets for the new Nintendo DS system, which has already launched in America and is scheduled to launch in Japan late next week.
Pittsburgh quarterback Tyler Palko struggled all night through the air, but fortunately for the Panthers, he came through on the ground.
Reuters - Separatist guerrillas blew up an oil pipeline in the northeastern Indian state of Assam, but there was no disruption to supplies, oil officials said on Friday.
A man armed with a knife has gone on the rampage and killed eight teenagers at a school in central China, teachers and local authorities said.
The EU's Javier Solana and other envoys go to Ukraine to try to mediate in the crisis over the disputed election.
Nine people, including three federal agents, were found dead at two locations near Mexico #39;s resort town of Cancun, all believed slain by drug traffickers.
Software company Oracle (ORCL) said Wednesday it plans to nominate four candidates for election in 2005 to the board of its rival and takeover target PeopleSoft (PSFT).
Baltimore Technologies, once a darling of the dotcom boom, is to quit the London stock market, putting an end to its chequered history as a listed company.
For 250 years, the cryptic inscription has exercised the minds of Britain #39;s finest theologians, historians and scientists, including Charles Darwin, Josiah Wedgwood 
NASA and the nations involved in the International Space Station project will run out of emergency rescue craft within 18 months and have not decided what to do after April 2006, when the final 
As she stood before the national TV cameras after an All-America type game, Texas sophomore center Tiffany Jackson calmly talked about the inspiration that comes from facing tradition-rich Tennessee.
India News: New Delhi, Nov 25 : The Supreme Court Thursday permitted the Uttar Pradesh government to allow visitors to view the Taj Mahal on five moonlit nights a month.
The company #39;s chief financial officer said he won #39;t return until he learns whether the government is planning charges against him.
Engineers, auditors and secretaries staffed toll booths on the Pennsylvania Turnpike yesterday, as 1,800 other employees spent a frigid Thanksgiving on picket lines.
Miller Brewing Co. is telling United Auto Workers members to think union when they have a beer. The UAW endorses the pitch for the union-made beer.
Several Web sites this month began offering software promising ring tones and screen savers for certain cellphones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned 
China appears poised to issue rules about the extent to which government departments must favour local software, raising concerns that some overseas vendors could be cut out of the large state procurement market.
Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon 
It changed the lifestyles of a generation but after a lingering death, the last rites have been sounded for the revolutionary VHS home video format.
Intel, the worlds largest semiconductor and Microprocessor Company, is officially helping China and other Asian countries adopt Linux over Microsofts popular Windows platform.
Floodgates on Glen Canyon Dam were opened for 90 hours this week, sending 67 billion gallons of water - and 880,000 tons of sediment - into the canyon.
COLTS 41, LIONS 9: The Colts quarterback throws four touchdowns in the first half to blow out the slumping Lions. By wire services.
IRVING, Texas -- The Bears broke out throwback uniforms from their 1946 championship season for a national-television audience, but their offense remained stuck in the present.
The West Bank Fatah leader, Marwan Barghouthi, is reported to have decided to run for the Palestinian presidency from his prison cell in Israel.
AT least 11 people were killed and 65 injured when a strong earthquake shook Indonesia #39;s Papua province today, collapsing buildings and starting fires, officials said.
Once again, they are knocking on the door, nattily attired, a smile on their face, eager to join the party.
Dan Orlovsky threw three touchdowns and Connecticut strengthened its postseason bowl credentials with a wild 41-35 victory over Rutgers yesterday.
Bill Parcells wants to develop Drew Henson into an NFL quarterback and he wants to win games. If he has to pick one, he'll take winning every time.
Going out on a high note is just what Woburn running back Mike McLaughlin wanted to do.
Walpole ended its regular season with a 35-12 victory over Weymouth yesterday, but for the 10-1 Rebels, it was just the first stage.
Defensive players dream of making game-breaking hits like the one Mansfield cornerback Brett McDermott delivered yesterday.
In the 118th year of the oldest continuous Thanksgiving Day rivalry in the country, Boston Latin trounced Boston English, 44-0, yesterday at Harvard Stadium.
Khalel Pritchard threw three touchdown passes yesterday, giving him 20 on the season, to lead Newton North to a 41-13 win over Brookline and a surprising playoff berth.
Tewksbury Redmen fans were seeing red yesterday after watching their team get clawed by the ferocious Wilmington Wildcats, 19-8.
Recent history was repeated in yesterday's cross-town matchup between the Plymouth North Blue Eagles and the Plymouth South Panthers at Mario J. Romano Field.
Billerica won two coin flips on Thanksgiving in Chelmsford. Neither, however, brought the team a postseason berth.
An exciting Thanksgiving Day game between St. John's Prep and Xaverian is something that never changes.
Danvers quarterback Chris Small and senior Ned Grady have been playing football together since they were children.
BT Group, the privatised former British telecoms monopoly, has sold its entire holding in the French satellite operator Eutelsat for 363m.
The England cricket team will fly out to Zimbabwe today for the start of their controversial tour of the south African country. Thirteen British journalists had been banned from covering the tour but, following 
Justin Langer showed his fighting qualities to score an unbeaten 144 against New Zealand on Friday though it was Matthew Hayden #39;s refusal to walk that 
Shareholders in Yukos are pondering liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, after deciding against a rescue plan for the embattled Russian oil firm.
Japanese consumer goods prices fell again in October, as some analysts predict deflation will continue until 2006
India's foreign minister says improved trade ties with Pakistan could spur on the peace process.
A close aide of terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was captured yesterday - as Iraqi troops discovered a laboratory with manuals on manufacturing explosives and toxins.
Ordered by Congress to give consumers free access to their own credit reports once a year, the nation's three largest credit bureaus are turning that requirement into a marketing opportunity.
Skeptical markets drove the dollar to a record low yesterday against the euro, with the European currency climbing above \$1.32 for the first time.
President Bush enlisted his two predecessors to lead an effort to raise money from corporations for disaster relief.
PC World - Anti-phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
If you thought predictive texting was impressive, you ain #39;t seen nothing yet. A cellphone is on the way that can predict what you are about to do.
A laboratory for the manufacture of chemical weapons has been found in Falluja, an Iraqi minister said on Thursday, but Marines in the city said they were not aware of any such discovery.
A chemical weapons laboratory has been found in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah, Iraqi Minister of State Kassim Daoud announced on Thursday.
Come Saturday, the monument of love, the Taj Mahal, can be viewed in the splendour of the full moon, 20 years after security fears ended night visits.
AP - Australia's Rod Pampling took a four-stroke lead in the centennial Australian Open on Friday, shooting his second straight 4-under 67.
Protesters on an Aboriginal island in Australia storm the local police station after the death of a man in custody.
The dollar bounces back from earlier lows, amid hopes of central bank intervention to support the currency.
\Burma's ruling junta frees about 500 more prisoners, and says it will release veteran dissident Win Tin.
Justin Langer hits an unbeaten 144 as Australia reach 327-3 against New Zealand.
India's main opposition says the case of a Hindu seer facing murder charges must be heard outside Tamil Nadu to ensure that justice is delivered.
Arguments over who gets to use the home computer are breaking out in families across the UK, says a survey.
The explosive growth of male populations in China and India could threaten social order in those countries as well as international security, according to a book by two academic researchers.
PARIS -- The two teenage friends hardly seemed like Islamic radicals. They smoked marijuana, drank beer, listened to rap music, and wore jeans.
The Department of Defense has identified the following US service members who were killed recently in Iraq and Afghanistan:
Two Marines killed, three wounded by insurgents during house-clearing in Fallujah.
Some 450 right-wing paramilitary fighters left Colombia's crowded battlefields, turning in their weapons and asking society to let them back into its fold.
&lt;strong&gt;Updated&lt;/strong&gt; Down for four days and counting...
Digital images that are billions of pixels in size are now becoming commonplace.
Microsoft is starting a scheme to replace pirate versions of Windows XP with legal ones.
Anti-phishing applications, smart cards, and new authentication technologies are vying for your support.
Oil giant Royal Dutch/Shell has decided to delay shareholder meetings that will vote on a new unified board structure to allow more time to prepare the necessary documentation.
Technology India: Washington, Nov 26 : How about a cellphone that can intelligently advise you on what or what not to do based on your track record?
US and Iraqi government forces have captured scores of suspected insurgents and seized an enormous stockpile of weapons and explosives during anti-insurgent operations in Iraq.
If we're going to start worrying about porn, doesn't it make sense to actually study its role in society rather than make stuff up? Commentary by Regina Lynn.
FCC chairman Michael Powell has confounded liberals and free market purists. He's an official that defies simplification. By Lawrence Lessig from Wired magazine.
Langdon Gilkey was a prominent Protestant theologian who argued for a rational, even satisfying, co-existence between science and faith.
Graeme Souness was naturally delighted as Newcastle comfortably beat Sochaux 4-0 to book their place in the Uefa Cup knock-out stages.
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas must patch up differences in his influential Fatah group if he hopes to check the growing power of Islamic militants opposed 
A man with a knife broke into a high school dormitory and killed eight students in the deadliest of a series of knife attacks at Chinese schools in recent months, the government said Friday.
Prince Harry headed home from Argentina on Friday, royal officials said, amid media reports that shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying.
Staff at Hyundai and Kai walk out as part of a nationwide strike in protest at proposed new legislation encouraging temporary work.
Oracle has revealed the identities of the four people it will nominate to the board of PeopleSoft as it pushes ahead with its efforts to take control of the company.
Oregon Christmas tree growers are shipping 1,300 donated trees to military families based at Fort Hood, Texas, industry officials said.
China is becoming increasingly alarmed that Microsoft is winning the lion #39;s share of too many government contracts to supply software.
IT security experts have uncovered a critical vulnerability in the popular Winamp media player, which could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user #39;s system.
Unfortunately for the Detroit Lions, this was after the game in the locker room, when he was inundated with questions about his record-setting pace.
BT Group says the sale of its 15.8 stake in the Paris-based satellite operator Eutelsat is part of a strategy to focus on its core telephony business.
The dollar rallied from new lows in European morning trade on Friday as a Chinese official backtracked from earlier claims that China had started to shift 
A critical security flaw has been discovered in WinAmp that exploits the stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability allowing attacks from hackers.
Millions more health workers are needed if global health is going to be improved over the next decade, a study says.
European research ministers state their intention to go it alone on a multi-billion euro nuclear project if arguments with international partners are not resolved soon.
A European Union judge told a closed meeting on Thursday he plans to rule within a month whether to freeze curbs imposed by the EU #39;s executive on Microsoft, lawyers present said.
or so hopes the Salvation Army. Each year volunteers and employees appear in malls across Broward County to ring bells from early November to Christmas Eve.
Gold Fields Ltd. said Friday that a South Africa #39;s Competition Appeal Court has temporarily blocked a hostile takeover bid from Harmony Gold Mining Co.
The Philippines is likely to keep well within the 2004 budget and consolidated public sector deficittargets due to improved revenue flows and increased electricity tariffs, officials said Friday.
Software salesman Kevin Johnson was no match for the Blackberry 7100 cell phone on display at a downtown San Francisco T-Mobile USA store.
A government agency in Finland is urging the country #39;s citizens to avoid use of Internet Explorer until Microsoft has patched the Bofra vulnerability.
For the first time in more than a year, 2002 Olympic gold medalist Sarah Hughes will skate for an audience Saturday. BY Todd Plitt, USA TODAY.
At least Thursday he was. Joey Harrington is frustrated. Joey Harrington is searching for answers, the same as everyone else here.
A top Iranian cleric expressed optimism Friday that Iran #39;s nuclear case might not be referred to the United Nations Security Council, the official IRNA news agency reported.
A heavy quake rocked Indonesia #39;s Papua province killing at least 11 people and wounding 75. The quake destroyed 150 buildings, including churches, mosques and schools.
US troops have found a massive weapons cache in the former rebel stronghold of Fallujah. As the grim toll in the fight for the ruined city passed 2000, Iraqi soldiers combing 
In 30 sorties on Monday, U.S. helicopters delivered more than 60,000 pounds of water, medical supplies and food.
Even as the RIAA continues to sue downloaders of illegal music over file-sharing networks, some music companies are finally finding ways to use P2P to their advantage.
AP - The IOC recommended Friday that Bulgaria's top Olympic official be expelled from the organization for unethical conduct.
England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has backed his under-fire captain David Beckham to rediscover his best form. Midfielder Beckham received particular 
Algerian officials say they have arrested the leader of a radical Islamic group and killed his deputy.
The Vikings feared they would lose Matt Birk for much longer than they did earlier this season. With his pain resurfacing, he will likely be a gametime decision Sunday.
Americans stormed the nation #39;s shops on Friday after US Thanksgiving Day at the start of the holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer electronics and Santa.
AP - Marine researchers have discovered the deepest coral reef ever found in the United States in about 250 feet of water off the Florida coast.
South African arms dealer Nick du Toit, who has been linked to Sir Mark Thatcher, was jailed for 34 years in Equatorial Guinea today for his part in a failed coup.
The Fallujah assault has failed to secure any information leading to the possible arrest of key insurgent Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a US major has admitted.
AP - The bad news: more tornadoes were reported in Kansas and the nation last year than at any time since records have been kept.
So, you thought testing happened in front of empty grandstands? Not when the Renault F1 Team fan club is involved
NEW YORK : Wall Street managed to end on a positive note Wednesday, brushing off fresh oil price spikes and disappointing economic news, including a surprise drop in consumer sentiment last month.
Civil Servants have been reduced to writing out benefit claims by hand after what experts are calling the biggest crash in computer history.
Australia #39;s Rod Pampling took a four-stroke lead in the 100th Australian Open on Friday, shooting his second straight 4-under 67.
Vikings Pro Bowl center Matt Birk was downgraded from probable to out Thursday morning, while receiver Randy Moss took another step toward returning to action.
A MAN stabbed eight teenagers to death and injured four others after breaking into a school in central China Friday morning, teachers and local authorities said.
GENEVA - The World Trade Organization approved strong sanctions Friday against the United States for legislation that allows US companies to receive some duties collected from foreign competitors.
QXL Ricardo, the UK's version of internet auction site eBay, agrees to let its management take the company private.
Rising property prices are making the gap between rich and poor far worse, housing charity Shelter say.
FIVE years ago, Carlos Ghosn, the pioneering chief of Nissan, demanded that the car maker #39;s main steel suppliers either cut their prices or risk losing its business.
It #39;s going to be a little quieter outside of Target stores this holiday season. The company isn #39;t allowing the Salvation Army bell ringers outside its stores.
LONDON, England -- One of the fiercest rivalries in world football could be set to one side under possible plans for Premier League Liverpool and Everton to share a ground.
French soccer star Zinedine Zidane has thrown his support behind Paris #39; campaign to host the 2012 Summer Olympics, the Paris bid committee said Friday.
AP - A report by a watchdog agency alleges widespread abuse against gays in this Caribbean island, known for the slogan "one love."
Opposing sides in the disputed presidential elections are due to meet, outgoing president Leonid Kuchma says.
Top Palestinian political faction Fatah is to hold its first internal elections for 16 years next August.
Journalist Derek Pringle will refuse to sign a declaration that commits him to cover only cricket in Zimbabwe.
Two senior CIA officials are reported to have quit in the latest sign of turmoil within the US spy organisation.
A doctor is convicted of administering banned drugs to Juventus players in the 1990s.
The IOC wants suspended Olympic member Ivan Slavkov to be thrown out of the organisation.
Four employees of a British security firm are killed inside the high-security Green Zone in Baghdad.
The dollar hit a record low against the euro for a fourth day running on Friday but rebounded swiftly as traders grew nervous about the possibility of central bank intervention.
Union leaders today called for an inquiry into a massive computer crash which disabled the government #39;s benefits system, forcing civil servants to write out giro cheques by hand.
Authorities in Finland have warned their citizen against using Microsofts Internet Explorer 6, citing a serious security flaw within the browser.
Kurt Barnes held a two-stroke lead Thursday after shooting a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Australian Open, which is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Shares in the UK #39;s largest insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson (JLT) have taken a tumble after the firm issued a profits warning.
AP - Iran and European negotiators have apparently salvaged a deal committing Tehran to freezing all parts of a program that can make nuclear-weapons grade uranium, diplomats said Friday.
Dutch electronics firm Philips has joined forces with UK electrical retailer Dixons Group to launch Philips-Freeline, a range of home entertainment personal computers in Europe.
US boffins are developing mobile phones which learn user #39;s daily habits so that they can become  quot;mobile digital secretaries quot;.
Despite a hip injury, Chinese golfer Zhang Lianwei shot a three-under par 69 in his first round of the Volvo China Open in Shanghai.
Four former Gurkhas working for a London-based security firm were killed in an attack in Baghdad, the Foreign Office said today. The attack, in which around 15 other 
Heads of state from French-speaking nations are gathering in the west African nation of Burkina Faso for a two-day summit to discuss the crisis in Ivory Coast.
A summit of French-speaking nations will now concentrate on the civil war in Ivory Coast, ministers say.
A Saudi woman has been offered a contract as the country's first female aircraft pilot.
Manager Rafael Benitez is opposed to Liverpool sharing their proposed new stadium with city rivals Everton. Officials from the two Premier League clubs 
A Juventus team doctor was convicted Friday for administering banned substances to players on the famed Italian soccer team during the 1990s.
If youre reading this, congratulations! You have survived Black Friday, the retail worlds nickname for the day after Thanksgiving.
The countrys economic managers on Friday announced a tremendously improved economic outlook for the country this year owing to improved revenue collection that could trim the P197-billion 
After an absence of a decade, Philips Electronics is making personal computers again, the company said on Thursday. The Netherlands-based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the 
After more than two weeks of investigating the IFRAME Bofra exploit, Microsoft has yet to announce when it will be able to fix the problem.
Sports minister Richard Caborn says he has been asked to convene a meeting between Liverpool and neighbours Everton over sharing a new stadium.
The tour is going ahead after a ban on several British journalists was lifted but the first of five one-day matches had to be called off.
Setting their sights on the ultimate European club prize may be an honorable quest but not when at the expense of the Bundesliga title they already hold.
Firebrand uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has decided to run for Palestinian President from his Israeli jail cell, says an official of his Fatah faction.
AP - The government needs to do a better job monitoring and inspecting hazardous materials shipped aboard airlines, according to a report released Friday by the Transportation Department's inspector general.
Motorists suffer daily traffic jams because the Highways Agency has been slow in tackling the problem, a report says.
Wizards coach Eddie Jordan was hospitalized Thursday after being diagnosed with a blood clot in his left leg, the team said.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Stuck between rock, hard place?
AP - Pakistani authorities have banned an issue of Newsweek magazine for publishing material they said was offensive to Islam, local media reported Friday.
Installation bugs barely dent the greatness of Half-Life 2, says reviewer James Bregman.
Several leading Iraqi political parties call for national elections scheduled for 30 January to be delayed.
Four-wheel drive vehicles are so polluting they should carry a cigarette-style health warning, a think tank says.
Midfielder Lee Hendrie will return from a one-match suspension to the Aston Villa starting line-up against Manchester City in the Barclays Premiership tomorrow.
MANILA - Improved revenue flows and increased electricity tariffs are likely to help the Philippines keep well within the 2004 budget and consolidated public sector deficit targets, officials said.
The Bank of Mexico tightened its monetary policy Friday for the eighth time this year, pushing up local interest rates to counter rising inflation expectations.
A routine software upgrade of desktop PCs at the Department of Work and Pensions has left 80 of the ministry #39;s computers unable to send or receive e-mails.
Students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are testing a cellphone system that turns your ordinary phone into a true companion/advisor.
The World Trade Organization has authorized seven countries to levy multi-million dollar sanctions on US imports. A spokesman in Geneva Friday said the European Union, India, Japan, South Korea 
Treasury prices sank on Friday as reports the Chinese authorities might be shedding some of their US debt holdings sparked fears of broader selling from Asian central banks.
Stocks inched higher on Friday in lackluster post-Thanksgiving trading, helped by steel producers amid concerns of a steel shortage and retailers as consumers piled into 
Americans stormed the nation #39;s shops the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys and consumer electronics.
Arsene Wenger has responded to Gus Hiddink #39;s suggestion that he is a moaner by accusing the Dutchman of letting emotion get the better of him.
Hopes of a breakthrough in the Northern Ireland peace process rose on Friday as George W. Bush personally intervened to try to persuade the warring factions to strike a historic power-sharing deal.
The London-based security firm which employed four former Gurkhas killed in a rocket attack on their compound in Baghdad tonight paid tribute to them as brave and professional individuals.
PRINCE Harry has flown home from Argentina amid allegations that his behaviour had sparked an extraordinary plot to kidnap him. According to reports, officials were so concerned that they called British Embassy 
Two federal police agents were discovered wounded but alive on Friday near Cancun, a day after nine other people in the area were found slain in what appeared to be drug-related violence.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Friday that Australia is unlikely to sign a non-aggression treaty with the members of the Association of SoutheastAsian Nations (ASEAN).
Holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on the Washington region's malls this morning, joining a nationwide shopping spree that has come to be known as Black Friday.
The Russian oil giant Yukos said today that its management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset in December.
AP - A threat made against Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter caused the team to increase security at last Wednesday's game against the New York Knicks.
Police in Michigan said a fourth member of the Indiana Pacers was involved in the fight with fans last week. Authorities said reserve center David Harrison, punched an elderly man in the stands.
INDIANAPOLIS Some high school athletic administrators are saying that sportsmanship took a beating in the Indiana Pacers #39; brawl with rowdy fans in Detroit.
Seventeen political parties on Friday demanded postponement of the Jan. 30 elections for at least six months until the government is capable of securing polling places.
Russia and France swept to 5-0 wins Thursday at the Fed Cup semifinals in Moscow, setting up a meeting for the title in the Saturday-Sunday final.
AP - On the eve of taking office, the most watched new arrival in the nation's capital says it's way too early to talk about his place in history.
The World Trade Organization has authorized punitive sanctions against US exports ranging from lobsters to crane trucks because Washington has failed to repeal the so-called Byrd amendment.
The euro surged to a new high against the US dollar for the fourth straight day Friday, although the greenback rose off its low point.
Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software 
Chelsea have followed Tottenham in pouring cold water on rumours that England striker Jermain Defoe was set for a switch across London.
MUMBAI: The redrawing of lines of authority in Reliance seems to have sparked off the current discord between the two Ambani brothers.
The University of Missouri Board of Curators today voted unanimously to rename the former Paige Sports Arena on the Columbia campus to Mizzou Arena.
Iraq #39;s elections were thrown into renewed doubt only days after the interim government won international backing for its decision to hold the poll at the end of January.
Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson has admitted he underestimated the situation on Palm Island in north Queensland in the lead-up to yesterday #39;s riots.
AFP - Chinese police have detained a man who they say murdered eight teenagers and injured four others in a school dormitory overnight, state press said.
Seoul is criticised by the IAEA but escapes referral to the UN Security Council over secret nuclear experiments.
Barry Virkler tosses an apple while sorting Cortland apples before they are put in cold storage at North Star Orchards Tuesday, Sept.
AP - Dajuan Wagner often wonders how so many things went wrong at once.
Hubie Brown appeared at a news conference Friday but did not elaborate on the health issues that led to his retirement as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies.
A threat made against Toronto Raptors guard Vince Carter caused the team to increase security at last Wednesday #39;s game against the New York Knicks.
Ivory Coast angrily pulled out of a summit of French-speaking countries on Friday after police in the host nation Burkina Faso confiscated 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto police are taking a threat made against Vince Carter seriously. Toronto Police Detective Sgt. Sneddon of the 52 Division told Sportsnet.
Ohio State wants to interview former players who have corroborated Maurice Clarett #39;s allegations of improprieties within the football program.
Olympic silver medalist and 2002 world champion Irina Slutskaya presented an almost flawless program to take the lead after the short program at the Cup of Russia on Friday.
Natural gas utility AGL Resources Inc. on Friday said the Securities and Exchange Commission approved its purchase of financially troubled NUI Corp.
Manchester United is confident they can catch up nine points on Premier League leader Chelsea. First they have to win their third match in a row for the first time this season.
AP - Former New York Yankees hitting coach Rick Down was hired for the same job by the Mets on Friday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Leading Iraqi political groups are calling on the interim government to delay national elections scheduled for January 30, because of ongoing violence in the country.
Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.
At 36, Jeff Agoos comes east to the MetroStars, a team that gave up the most goals in the M.L.S. last season.
NEW YORK -- The New York Mets hired former New York Yankees hitting coach Rick Down for the same job on Friday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Iraq #39;s electoral commission said it will examine Saturday a request by 15 leading political parties for the Jan. 30 elections to be postponed by six months.
LONDON, Nov. 26. - Prince Harry arrived home from Argentina today amid media reports that shots were fired at the ranch where he was staying.
The South African company Gold Fields Limited announced Friday that the New York Stock Exchange has suspended trading in its stock.
Commissioner Bud Selig returned from a vacation and promptly cleared one item off his desk, approving the Yankees' trade with the Diamondbacks for Randy Johnson.
Some of the largest anti-virus companies have virtually ignored the spyware problem because there is no profit incentive for them to do otherwise. Meanwhile, spyware companies make millions.
Psychiatric Solutions Inc., an operator of mental health hospitals, said Friday that it registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 3 million common shares.
AP - Shaky special teams helped cost punter Sean Landeta his job with the St. Louis Rams.
Coping with another inept offensive showing, the Chicago Bears were ready to change quarterbacks again Friday, while trying to patch up an injury-depleted line.
The call for a six-month postponement of elections planned for Jan. 30 gives a boost to a movement largely led by Sunni Arabs.
The Myanmar government released about 500 prisoners from the notorious Insein Prison Friday, witnesses said. There was no immediate word, however, on whether political detainees were among them.
AP - Matt Leinart became a Notre Dame fan at age 8, when the movie "Rudy" was released.
Shoppers in America spend more than \$6 billion a year on video games according to a Software Association survey. Holiday sales bring an extra boost to game 
Sales on America's busiest shopping day of the year could exceed last year, retail experts believe.
Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson locks horns with his former captain Bryan Robson on Saturday as he bids to end a memorable week on winning note.
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc. stock jumped to its highest level in nearly four years on Friday following a steady climb spurred by Kmart Holding Corp.
A MASSIVE computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions has blocked payments of vital benefits to terminally-ill claimants, Tories claimed today.
Darren Fletcher is determined to show Sir Alex Ferguson that he is worthy of a Manchester United place at any stage of the season, not just the end.
Liverpool and Everton have scheduled talks with the Government about the possibility of sharing a new stadium. With both clubs looking to relocate and the Reds having started planning for the construction 
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia 76ers guard Aaron McKie was activated from the injured list prior to Friday afternoon #39;s contest against the Washington Wizards.
American Bode Miller was fastest in Friday #39;s final training for the first downhill of the Alpine World Cup season. Miller, winner of the season opening giant 
_ The sports arena at the University of Missouri-Columbia is no longer named after Wal-Mart heiress Elizabeth Paige Laurie. The board of curators for the four-campus University of Missouri 
A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of eight boys stabbed as they slept in a dormitory, Chinese officials have said.
A man is arrested in China on suspicion of stabbing to death eight pupils at a school, officials say.
Police are considering interviewing Ian Huntley about comments he is said to have made on the Soham murders.
Industry eyes are turning toward Oz as more than 50 lawyers begin waging a courtroom battle over Kazaa, the peer-to-peer technology owned by Australia-based Sharman Networks 
Jardine Lloyd Thompson, the country #39;s biggest insurance broker, issued a swingeing profits warning yesterday and announced its chief executive had quit.
Hubie Brown said he stepped down as the coach of the Memphis Grizzlies for two reasons: He lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants kept private.
Chelsea Newton scored 16 points to lead No. 17 Rutgers to a 77-53 victory over Oregon State in the second round of the Paradise Jam tournament on Friday.
Leading Iraqi political parties have called for forthcoming elections to be delayed because of mounting violence in the country. Fifteen political parties - including two Kurdish groups 
A former BBC cameraman has been questioned by secret police in Kabul about his role in negotiating the release of three kidnapped UN workers.
In a quiet announcement yesterday, Philips Electronics, a Netherlands-based consumer electronics company, stated it has begun manufacturing PCs once again - after an absence of nearly 10 years.
Flight attendants at bankrupt US Airways are gearing up for a possible nationwide strike, the Association of Flight Attendants said on Friday.
The latest Government computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions shows the folly of the Government plans to axe all existing emergency fire control rooms.
AP - Cherish Stringfield led five Vanderbilt women in double figures, scoring 19 points to lead the No. 14 Commodores over Rhode Island 108-53 Friday.
Marcus Randall runs for two touchdowns and throws two more to Joseph Addai, leading No. 14 LSU to a 43-14 victory over Arkansas on Friday afternoon.
Iran and its European partners struggled to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program.
Cedric Benson ran for 165 yards and a touchdown Friday to lead No. 6 Texas to their fifth straight win over their fiercest in-state rival.
The chief executive of the UK #39;s largest insurance broker quit yesterday after announcing a surprise profit warning which sent its shares to a four-year low.
BT Group disposed yesterday of its last remaining stake in a satellite company when it sold its 15.8 holding in the Paris-based Eutelsat for 363m.
The World Trade Organization gave final approval on Friday to the European Union, Japan and others to hit the United States with an initial \$150 million in trade sanctions 
 quot;Including the engagement ring, about \$4,000, quot; said one shopper at Roosevelt Field mall early Friday morning. Engagement ring?
Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - Three groups of Canada Post employees have threatened to strike during next month's annual Christmas rush.
Iran and its European partners struggled on Friday to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program, European and Iranian officials said.
US President George Bush has personally intervened in the Northern Ireland peace process to spur on the new power-sharing deal. Mr Bush telephoned Dr Rev Ian Paisley, the leader of the Democratic Unionist 
The EU's anti-fraud squad reports an increase in serious abuses of its international aid project.
\Blood from a newborn baby's umbilical cord can be used to treat adults with leukaemia, a US-based study says.
A court in Equatorial Guinea has given sentences of up to 34 years to a group of South Africans and Armenians convicted of trying to overthrow the government.
Marwan Barghouti, a popular politician now in an Israeli prison, called for Palestinians to support Mahmoud Abbas in elections on Jan. 9.
The Irish head into Saturdays game with a 6-4 record and not much to play for. The Trojans are undefeated and are chasing their second consecutive National Championship.
A British hotelier and cameraman has said Afghan authorities tried to get him to confess to involvement in the kidnapping of three UN hostages.
A central bank adviser quoted as saying the government had cut its holdings of US Treasurys backtracked Friday after the speculation helped push the euro to a new all-time peak.
Computer engineers were at a loss last night to explain why the Government had been hit by arguably the worst electronic meltdown in the history of Whitehall.
The Steelers' multi-faceted offense, featuring Ben Roethlisberger and a returning Duce Staley, poses a stiff challenge to the Redskins' No. 2-ranked defense.
US Airways said that it must emerge from bankruptcy protection by June 30 to comply with a new \$140 million aircraft leasing and financing deal.
United Airlines, which has been under bankruptcy protection since 2002, won a temporary order on Friday stopping a group of creditors from repossessing 14 planes.
like the one used in Star Wars - could soon be installed on the high-street. Boffins in Japan claim to have developed technology for image chambers - similar 
Four former Gurkhas were killed and up to 15 other security guards working for a British firm wounded when a mortar landed in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.
Seattle quarterback Matt Hasselbeck returned to practice and is expected to play Sunday against Buffalo. Hasselbeck had acupuncture treatments for a deep bruise just above his knee.
Allan Houston, the Knicks' veteran, hopes to play as soon as next Saturday in Charlotte, when the Knicks open a four-game road trip.
Two weeks after Sudanese authorities and their guerrilla enemies signed a peace deal, a surge of violence is engulfing Darfur.
Investors and analysts are increasingly worried that the last big source of support for the American dollar - heavy buying by foreign central banks - is fading.
Thousands of American players are using protective headgear, but some soccer officials question whether it reduces the risk of head injuries.
Agent Scott Boras represents 11 free agents this off-season, and much of his list reads like an All-Star Game lineup.
A cell phone is on the way that reportedly is so smart it can predict what you are about to do. According to research in the journal New Scientist, the phone learns about the things 
The parliament of Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region says the opposition candidate won presidential elections.
Hoping to avoid a situation like that in Pennsylvania , representatives of the Ohio Turnpike Commission and unionized workers are continuing contract negotiations.
Reuters - Flash floods triggered by Typhoon Muifa\have killed at least 11 people in central Vietnam, officials\said on Saturday.
AFP - An Aboriginal community in northern Australia is calm and under heavy guard after the death of a young indigenous man in police custody triggered riots.
Chief among the trade disputes on the table will be a disagreement over the United States' 27 percent duty on Canadian softwood lumber.
By setting himself on fire outside the White House, a Yemeni man with a checkered past has damaged what may be the biggest terrorism financing case in this country.
To most weary shoppers, it #39;s known as Black Friday, the semiofficial start of the holiday retail season. But to hundreds of regional residents and countless others worldwide 
Russia will meet defending champion France in the Fed Cup final after they both achieved 5-0 sweeps of Austria and Spain, respectively, in the semifinals on Thursday.
ATLANTA, Nov. 26 (Ticker) -- Steve Francis and rookie Dwight Howard made the defense of the Atlanta Hawks look like it wasn #39;t there.
Aides say that Argentinian press reports that Prince Harry of Britain spent his time in the country nightclubbing and getting drunk are pure fiction.
POLICE on Palm Island fear fresh violence today following nine arrests in the wake of yesterday #39;s riot over a death in custody.
AP - Federal investigators said Thursday that two Mexico City police and 27 other people face homicide charges in the horrific vigilante killings of two federal agents this week.
The two candidates claiming to be president-elect agreed to negotiations, the first sign of an easing of tensions that have risked leading the nation toward civil war.
Groups fear that a vote amid persistent violence and a boycott by Sunnis would deprive the results of legitimacy.
The Democratic Unionist Party #39;s executive has given its unanimous approval to leader Ian Paisley as he enters the final stage of talks aimed at restoring devolution to Northern Ireland.
Instead of pursuing a glamour conference, Joe Scott moved to the Ivy League, where players often are more talented in the classroom than they are on the basketball court.
AFP - South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun is to conduct a cabinet reshuffle to replace six ministers, aides said.
Justin Langer hit a double-century as Australia continued to pile on the runs on the second day of the second Test against New Zealand in Adelaide.
 The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto airplanes, according to a report released yesterday by the Department of Transportation's inspector general.
From air filters and appliances to sinks and shingles, one could conceivably build an entire house using supplies and tools bought at eBay.
This season's flu-shot shortage is enticing companies to enter a market that others have largely abandoned because of poor profits.
An accident has slowed Jacqueline Walker #39;s holiday shopping this year, but it couldn #39;t keep her away from the deals on Friday.
Eight years after an illegal shipment of oxygen generators caused the deadly crash of ValuJet Flight 592, the federal program for monitoring hazardous shipments aboard 
Bankrupt specialty chemicals firm says it is likely to be indicted for violating environmental laws. NEW YORK (Reuters) - WR Grace  amp; Co.
AP - Nicaraguan officials said late Friday that they're still unsure what's become of an American and a Briton who disappeared 10 days ago while attempting to climb a volcano.
Justin Langer scored his third career double Test century as Australia continued to pile on the runs in the second Test against New Zealand.
The whole tour was thrown into question earlier this week when the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) told the team to remain in South Africa after Zimbabwe authorities barred 13 British journalists.
AP - John Gilchrist had 16 points, 10 rebounds and led a scrappy defense that helped No. 13 Maryland run past No. 25 Memphis 84-61 on Friday night.
Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown cites health concerns and a loss of energy Friday as the reasons for announcing his retirement.
Minnesota decides to suspend Michael Olowokandi for a second game after his arrest early Thursday morning for disorderly conduct.
After missing five games with a right groin strain, the Redskins will activate place kicker John Hall for Sunday's game against the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Former Yankees hitting coach Rick Down was hired for the same job by the Mets Saturday, reuniting him with new manager Willie Randolph.
Marquis Daniels makes a series of late hustle plays to help Dallas defeat Portland, 92-83, on Friday.
American improves to 3-1 on the season with a hard-fought overtime win, 74-63, against Loyala at Bender Arena on Friday night.
The Federal Aviation Administration needs to improve its oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto airplanes, according to a report released yesterday 
WR Grace  amp; Co. disclosed yesterday that federal prosecutors were likely to indict the chemical and building material supplier during the first quarter of 2005 on charges related to environmental 
Police have searched the Montreal headquarters of Imperial Tobacco Canada as part of an investigation into cigarette smuggling in the 1990s, the company says.
The record surge in the value of the Canadian dollar is going to test the Canadian economy, financial analysts here warned. The Canadian dollar, after briefly rose above 85 US 
from Britain, Australia, America, and countless other countries -- will be in action to make Iraq safer. In 
AP - New Orleans center Jamaal Magloire broke his right ring finger in the final minute of Friday night's 95-86 loss to the Phoenix Suns.
The Executive Committee of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has unanimously recommended that Ivan Slavkov, chairman of the Bulgarian Olympic Committee, be suspended.
Riddick Bowe plans to return to the ring in January or February after a shoulder injury forced him to call off a fight this weekend.
AP - Jacqueline Batteast scored 18 points and No. 6 Notre Dame survived a scare from unranked Southern California before rallying for a 60-56 victory Friday night.
United Airlines Inc., under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection since 2002, called an emergency hearing today in Chicago to stop a group of creditors from repossessing 10 of its planes.
THE IMPASSE between the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) and a number of its players could have serious repercussions for West Indies cricket.
The 13th-ranked Terps ran No.25 Memphis into submission 84-61 in the Basketball Hall of Fame Tip-Off Classic at Springfield Civic Center.
Jacqueline Batteast scored 18 points and sixth-ranked Notre Dame survived a scare from unranked Southern California before rallying for a 60-56 non-conference win Friday.
The two biggest shareholders in Martha Stewart #39;s company have been quietly cashing out - raising speculation that a surprise deal could be brewing while she #39;s sitting in prison.
Richard Hamilton banked in the winning shot with 1.3 seconds remaining as the Detroit Pistons edged the Miami Heat 78-77 in Auburn Hills on Friday.
Joey Harrington is still a starting quarterback. Drew Henson apparently is back to being a future starter. And Chad Hutchinson is looking like a starter by default.
Nik Caner-Medley scored 17 points Friday night to send No. 14 Maryland to an easier-than-expected, 84-61 win over 24th-ranked Memphis.
Yan Yanming has been arrested in Ruzhou, central Henan province, when his mother turned him in to police after he attempted suicide at home.
Sony is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough.
Privacy advocates say new passports that carry information in a computer chip will be vulnerable to electronic snooping.
Early birds get bargains Treasure Coast shoppers get their holiday money #39;s worth on the biggest shopping day of the year. By Charlie Reed.
All around the country, people like Jennie McCann are making bets on where global oil prices might be headed this winter. But Mrs.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. as part of a plan to help the automaker reduce debt.
Australia #39;s Rod Pampling recovered from a shaky start to Saturday #39;s third round of the centenary Australian Open to retain the outright lead going into the final day.
LSU quarterback Marcus Randall has never been able to nail down the quarterback job this season. But Friday against Arkansas, the fifth-year senior seized the day.
US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
Luiz Nasser just transferred an embryo from a pedigree  quot;donor quot; into the womb of an unwitting cow.
Resurrecting Boston Garden as a new name for the FleetCenter would be an empty gesture in sentimentality, the former chairman of the FleetCenter said yesterday.
AUSTIN - Texas took care of its fiercest in-state rival and ensured at least one more week of bickering about the Bowl Championship Series.
Facing fierce international pressure, Iran backed off yesterday from its demand to be allowed to continue operating some uranium enrichment 
A UN committee asks the UK to review its policy of detaining terrorism suspects without trial.
The Federal Aviation Administration must improve oversight of air carriers and passengers who bring hazardous materials onto planes, according to a report 
US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.
Last Monday, on the 41 st anniversary of the assassination of John F. Kennedy, a video game called JFK Reloaded was released for sale.
It was Monday Night Football the way it was meant to be played, minus Nicollette Sheridan.
The Pope reaches out to Orthodox Christians as he returns bones looted during the Crusades.
\Gaming on the move is one of the fastest-growing activities amongst the tech-savvy in India, says a report.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. and Microsoft Corp. were blamed by the United Kingdom #39;s pension and benefits agency for a computer crash that snarled payments across Britain.
No USC coach ever defeated his archrivals three consecutive years, but Pete Carroll is two weeks from history. With a victory over Notre Dame tonight and UCLA next week, Carroll 
The English Cricket team has defended its decision to go ahead with its controversial tour of Zimbabwe. Africa correspondent Sally Sara reports, the team has arrived in the Zimbabwean capital Harare.
Justin Gray scored 21 for the second straight game as No.1 Wake Forest beat No.18 Arizona 63-60 for the Preseason NIT title Friday.
Police arrested nine people on a remote Australian island on Saturday after about 200 islanders protesting against the death of a man in custody burnt down a police station, police residence and a courthouse.
Medical ethicists are concerned that the \$3 billion that California approved for embryonic stem cell research could become a bonanza for private profiteers.
THE GAZETTE. But this is a different sacred day: Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, the high holy day of American consumerism.
Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. is to tie up with Merrill Lynch and Co. in North American financing operations as part of its business rehabilitation efforts.
THOUSANDS of pensioners and people on benefits have been hit by a massive computer failure at the Department for Work and Pensions.
Popular Japanese gaming magazine, Famitsu, seems to have gathered the juiciest bits of gossip regarding Nintendo in its latest issue.
The 22nd-ranked Washington Huskies (2-0) remain in Anchorage for the second of three consecutive games in the Great Alaska Shootout at Sullivan Arena.
Iraqi insurgents reportedly occupy a government building in the town of Khalis before being driven out by US troops.
Insurgents detonated a the bomb, shortly after dawn, next to a U.S. tank patrol north of Baghdad on Saturday.
Two former Caracas police chiefs requested asylum at El Salvador's embassy Friday amid investigations into their handling of violent 2002 protests that left 19 people dead, their lawyer said.
Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Influential Sunni Muslim groups and Iraq #39;s two main Kurdish movements yesterday requested a delay in nationwide legislative elections set for Jan. 30, saying they feared 
SAN FRANCISCO - Online auctioneer eBay will stop supporting Microsoft's .Net Passport identification system by the end of January.
Americans stormed the nation #39;s stores on the day after Thanksgiving, the traditional start of the key holiday shopping season, lured by cut-price toys, consumer electronics and Santa.
A potential gas source found on the moons surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earths fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.
A series of aftershocks in Indonesia #39;s remote Papua province on Saturday hampered rescue efforts a day after a major earthquake killed at least 13 people and injured 65.
Nine men have been charged over yesterday #39;s riot on Palm Island, in north east Australia. Hans Mick reports the community #39;s police station and court house were destroyed.
Cuba restores contacts with eight EU embassies in Havana, ending a bitter row over "dissident cocktail wars".
Richard Green holed two chip shots on Saturday to close within one stroke of fellow Australian Rod Pampling going into the final round of the centenary Australian Open golf championship.
Southeast Asian foreign ministers are finalizing a free trade agreement with China and a score of other accords in preparation for a summit meeting in Laos beginning Monday.
Tamil Tigers say 30,000 people are dead or missing in the north and east of Sri Lanka.
US 10-year Treasury notes fell for a fifth week after a report that a Chinese central bank official said his country trimmed its holdings of US government debt.
Prehistoric hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
With polls showing Americans desire of space exploration, NASA has received the green signal from Congress to carry out voyages to Moon and eventually to Mars.
South Africa have shrugged off accusations of negative tactics before the second and final test against India which starts on Sunday.
MALABO, Equatorial Guinea A court convicted dozens of alleged mercenaries from South Africa and Armenia on Friday and sentenced them to prison terms for an alleged coup plot.
US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraqs fledgling security forces.
With a green light from Congress, NASA is moving swiftly to carry out President George W. Bush #39;s ambitious plan to return robots and humans to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Maryland kept stealing the ball, running for layups and hitting shots. Led by John Gilchrist, the No. 13 Terrapins dominated No. 25 Memphis.
AP - The Tennessee Titans already have one quarterback recovering from surgery. They aren't in a hurry to operate on backup Billy Volek's throwing shoulder if they can avoid that.
Payments to tens of thousands of people who receive state pensions and benefits will be delayed after a computer crash at the Department of Work and Pensions.
Scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) are working on software that will get to know you as well as your best mate - and even offers you advice.
The EU #39;s aid chief said the violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur region had worsened since the government and rebels signed new security agreements two weeks ago.
South Africa captain Graeme Smith is a doubtful starter for the second Test match against India starting from Sunday in Kolkata.  quot;He hurt his foot in the morning.
Bob Lemos of Lemos Farm on Highway 92 near Half Moon Bay is optimistic about the Christmas tree season. He started selling trees last weekend, he said.
AP - The Cuban government has resumed formal diplomatic contacts with eight European nations, including France, Germany and Britain, Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque said Monday.
This season #39;s blockbuster video games give players the opportunity to hijack cars, mow down the walking undead with heavy artillery and ogle topless women.
Community leaders on Palm Island off north Queensland have rejected suggestions yesterday #39;s riot was premeditated. The community remains calm but tense, with police reinforcements sent to the island today.
told Reuters on Thursday it was simply taking time to bring people to Yangon from around the country. where she is without a telephone and requires military permission to meet visitors.
Hooters Air will begin offering nonstop flights out of the Greater Rockford Airport in early 2005 to Denver, Atlanta and Las Vegas, officials said.
Kolkata: South African skipper Graeme Smith suffered an injury to his left foot in a minor accident near the team hotel here today.
November 27, 2004 - The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission says it lost 2 (M) million dollars on Wednesday when tolls were waived on the first day of the toll takers strike.
Bee Garden Writer. Contrary to popular belief, Christmas tree farming is no longer a matter of clear-cutting stands of evergreens.
Biotechnology and pharmaceutical stocks were nearly flat during the holiday-shortened week as two long-awaited drugs received Food and Drug Administration approval.
Canadian authorities have raided the offices of Imperial Tobacco in their hunt for evidence of cigarette smuggling during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
SiliconValley.com - A new search engine launches Monday aimed at helping music lovers find tunes across a growing number of online music stores.
The sudden boost trillions of cicadas dying en masse give to North American forests is apparent from a new study published in Science magazine.
AP - Germany won the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship on Saturday with a 2-0 victory over China.
SiliconValley.com - Bluetooth -- a short-range wireless technology -- is finally coming of age.
AP - The Pakistan army said Saturday it will withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.
Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - It's being likened to a roll of the dice.
GOLF has changed a lot in the 100 years since the captain of the Drouin Golf Club in Victoria, the Honourable Michael Scott, won the first Australian Open.
Throughout the day, dark clouds hovered above downtown Seattle, a fitting site for a Nets team off to one of its dreariest starts to a season.
PRINCE Charles has asked Scotland Yard for an in-depth report on his son Harry #39;s trip to Argentina after reports of excessive drinking and a kidnap plot.
PREMIER Peter Beattie has appealed for calm on Palm Island, amid fears that hidden weapons and a large supply of alcohol could fuel more riots.
SPACE.com - Keeping an astronaut crew in tip-top shape during lengthy treks to and from distant Mars may demand portable gravity.
US Army deserter Charles Jenkins was released from military jail on Saturday after serving 25 days for abandoning his squadron in 1965 and defecting to North Korea, where he lived for nearly four decades.
The father of Damilola Taylor remains confident four years after his son's murder that the killer will be caught.
The sudden boost trillions of cicadas dying en masse give to North American forest soils is apparent from a new study.
Ukraine's parliament declared invalid the disputed presidential election, a non-binding move demonstrating the country's rising dissatisfaction with the outcome.
A not-so anonymous Anonymous Coward asks:  quot;The administrator at my work gave me the following reason for not using Mozilla. What do you think?
The World Trade Organization imposed penalties Friday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully 
Last week #39;s basketball brawl in Detroit, triggered by an on-court fight that spilled into the stands when a fan tossed a drink, has set the sports world buzzing.
THERE can #39;t be many times when the only unbeaten team in the division goes into a match with the leaders with 15 points to make up.
The United Nations Committee Against Torture has urged Britain to carry out a review of its policy of detaining foreign suspects indefinitely under anti-terrorism laws.
South African cricket played a key role in behind-the-scenes negotiations to save the England tour of Zimbabwe. The tour went ahead this week when the Zimbabwean government allowed the entire media contingent 
A watchdog group tries to stop an Ohio county's elections board from rejecting thousands of provisional ballots until they are hand checked against voter registration cards.
TOKYO : Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. will tie up with Merrill Lynch and Co. in North American financing operations as part of its business rehabilitation efforts.
A new micro-generator developed at the Georgia Institute of Technology holds promise for micro-generator technology #39;s future in electronics devices.
SOUTH AFRICAN captain Graeme Smith sustained a freak injury off the field but was likely to play in the second Test against India, a team official said today.
Insisting that Hurriyat Conference is the real representative of Kashmiris, Pakistan has claimed that India is not ready to accept ground realities in Kashmir.
protesting against the death of a man in custody burnt down a police station, police residence and a courthouse. northeast coast, said Queensland state police minister Judy Spence.
Pope John Paul returned relics of two early Christian saints to the Patriarch of Constantinople Saturday in another bid to warm ties with eastern Orthodoxy.
Minor league hockey player Dan Sullivan was suspended for 18 fewer games for mooning fans than Indiana Pacer Stephen Jackson was (30) for trying to punch their lights out.
AP - Pakistan on Saturday downplayed suggestions that a new CIA report indicates that a renegade scientist provided more help to Iran's nuclear weapons program than previously disclosed.
Canada #39;s dollar gained for the fifth week in six, reaching the highest since January 1992, on speculation the central bank will lift its interest-rate target next month.
AP - St. John's imposed two years of penalties on its men's basketball team Friday after an investigation revealed a former player was given cash by an athletic department employee.
John Terry's brace helps Chelsea move five points clear at the top of the table.
A state of alert is ordered as swarms of locusts from Africa arrive in Spain's Canary Islands.
The San Antonio resident set up the Web site, did a little research and recently launched his Internet service that allows registered users to shoot actual .22 rifles at paper targets via their computer.
POLITICAL heavyweights have intervened in a bid to end the West Indies contracts dispute which threatens the one-day series in Australia.
PITTSBURGH The Pittsburgh Pirates have traded catcher Jason Kendall to the Oakland Athletics for left-handers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.
Australia showed all their famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champions 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat on Saturday.
Nothing much changed for New Zealand on day 2 of the second test match between Australia and New Zealand. Australia are dominating like they did on the first day and with Justin Langer completing his double 
South Africa gained revenge for their surprise defeat at Murrayfield two years ago with a convincing 45-10 victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
A PALESTINIAN democracy activist who has campaigned for non-violent resistance to Israeli occupation said today he would run for president to succeed Yasser Arafat.
What happens to a society when its fulcrum - its mothers and fathers, teachers, nurses, farm workers - die in their prime?
Hollywood Entertainment Corp. discovered Friday that it might have another suitor in the suddenly crowded field bidding to take over the Wilsonville-based video rental chain.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will sell \$2 billion of US auto loans to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. to help the automaker reduce debt.
WASHINGTON--The Federal Communications Commission is keeping and eye on SBC Communications #39; new connection charge for calls made over the Internet.
Eight Arctic countries agreed on small steps to brake a rapid thaw of the region on Wednesday with indigenous peoples accusing Washington of 
AP - Washington Redskins kicker John Hall will be back in uniform Sunday after missing five games with a groin injury.
South Africa coach Jake White praised fly-half Jaco van der Westhuyzen after his try-scoring contribution in the 45-10 win over Scotland at Murrayfield.
Sri Lanka #39;s Tamil Tiger insurgency is threatening to resume armed struggles unless the government accepts the rebels #39; blueprint for self-rule.
AP - Chelsea routed Charlton 4-0 on Saturday behind two goals by defender John Terry to open a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
AP - Ask not why so few inaugural speeches resonate long after they are given.
VATICAN CITY -- Pope John Paul is returning centuries-old relics of two Orthodox Christian saints in an effort to bridge the divide between the two churches.
. Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouthi, who is illegally jailed in Israeli occupation prison, will not run in the Palestinian presidential election, an official 
Most of the turkeys gracing the nation #39;s dinner tables Thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking 
LONDON, England -- England defender John Terry scored twice as Chelsea crushed Charlton Athletic 4-0 to go five points clear at the top of the English Premier League.
Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians and under fire by human rights groups in one of the first concrete steps toward security reform in months, says a security official.
AFP - A 10-year-old Afghan boy saved from death after being airlifted to Canada for emergency heart surgery has flown home with a new lease on life.
Paul Scholes grabbed his third goal in three games with a brace against West Brom on Saturday, and then urged United to make up for their sluggish start to the campaign.
Manchester City recorded back-to-back Premiership wins for the first time since April 2003 with a well-deserved win over Aston Villa at Eastlands.
SEVEN Swiss firefighters were presumed dead today after they were trapped under the collapsed roof of a burning underground car park.
David Blunkett is being urged to bring forward plans to allow phone-tapping evidence in UK courts so trials of foreign terror suspects can go ahead.
Reuters - Saudi security forces shot dead a\suspected militant on Saturday in a clash in the Red Sea port\city of Jeddah, police and witnesses said.
The Golden Palace.com Space Program Powered by the da Vinci Project announced that the launch of its private rocket has delayed until at least January.
Chinese dissident Liu Jingsheng is freed after a decade in jail but says his freedom of speech is limited.
England fall to the first defeat under new coach Andy Robinson after Australia run out narrow winners at Twickenham.
Pennsylvania Turnpike officials have decided not to waive tolls on Sunday as a way to cope with a strike that has continued over the holiday weekend.
Ontario, Canada, Premier Dalton McGuinty has said gas sold in the province will have to contain five percent ethanol within three years.
Bryan Randall throws for two touchdowns as No. 11 Virginia Tech moves one victory away from the ACC title Saturday with a 24-10 victory over No. 16 Virginia.
The punishment of Ron Artest by David Stern has convinced players' union head Billy Hunter that Stern's power needs to be addressed in current labor talks.
With physicals completed, the trade between the Pirates and Athletics that sends All-Star catcher Jason Kendall to Oakland is also completed.
It #39;s ironic that in this moment of triumph for Apple CEO Steve Jobs, the greatest challenge yet to Apple #39;s online music dominance is emerging.
American Bode Miller takes the opening World Cup downhill race of the season on Saturday, his first World Cup downhill victory of his career.
Sylvain Wiltord and Juninho each scored Saturday to lead unbeaten French first division leader Lyon over fourth-place Auxerre 2-1.
Reggie McNeal switched his jersey number in the off-season, trading No. 16 for No. 1 in a salute to a departed teammate. McNeal has become the 
AS Roma ended a run of four defeats with a 4-0 win at Siena in Serie A on Saturday with two goals each from Vincenzo Montella and Francesco Totti.
America #39;s Bode Miller won his second race of the season Saturday with victory in the opening World Cup downhill by almost a second over nearest rival Antoine Deneriaz.
(Camp Zama, Japan-AP) Nov. 27, 2004 - Charles Jenkins hopes to make one more trip to the US before settling down to a new life in northern Japan.
Ministers were this weekend embroiled in a stars for Labour row after they were told to use their contacts with the rich and famous to get them to back the party.
Palestinian officials have disbanded a Gaza security force feared by civilians, says a security official, marking a step toward reforms ahead of an election to choose a successor to Yasser Arafat.
Reuters - The Pittsburgh Pirates\Saturday traded veteran catcher Jason Kendall and cash\considerations to Oakland in exchange for pitchers Mark Redman\and Arthur Rhodes.
AP - Jessica Davenport had 18 points and nine rebounds to lead No. 11 Ohio State to an 80-43 win over Yale on Saturday.
Barcelona held off a spirited comeback by newcomers Getafe to claim a nervous 2-1 win and cement their hold on the leadership of the Primera Liga on Saturday.
Where is the Humane Society when you need it? Where are those organizations against cruelty to dumb animals - or in this case, drunk Irishmen?
Marxist rebels had planned to assassinate President Bush last Monday during his four-hour stopover in Colombia to meet President lvaro Uribe, Defense Minister 
Redskins quarterback Mark Brunell says he wants to start next season and is uncertain if he could be content in a backup role.
English Premiere League leaders Chelsea continued their good form in the recent weeks with another spectacular win over Charlton Athletic.
(Paulsboro, NJ -WABC, November 27, 2004 ) - Authorities are working to clean up a slippery and potentially dangerous mess in a South Jersey river.
(CBS/AP) The largest guerrilla group in Colombia ordered an assassination attempt on President Bush during his visit to the country last week, a senior official said.
ACC: After Virginia Tech beat Virginia, it all comes down to the Hokies visit to Miami next week. The winner earns the ACC #39;s BCS bowl bid.
With the game on the line, Notre Dame turned to its senior leaders to help the sixth-ranked Fighting Irish avoid an upset by unranked Southern California.
The separatist Tamil Tiger guerrillas declared Saturday that they would renew fighting unless the government immediately agreed 
AP - Saudi security forces killed a suspected militant in the Red Sea city of Jeddah on Saturday and confiscated weapons in his possession, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.
Englands stance over the Zimbabwe crisis hardened yesterday. They are planning to offer compensation to Zimbabwes cricket board rather than make another tour of the country while Robert Mugabe is in 
The same three smiling faces that stacked the podium following Fridays World Cup giant slalom were back on top Saturday after the first of two womens slalom races on Aspen Mountain.
Scientists say they have made a breakthrough in transplant technology that could help cure more people with diabetes.
Iowa State makes a slew of late-game errors and falls to Missouri, 17-14, in overtime. The loss sends Colorado to the Big 12 title game against Oklahoma.
Janica Kostelic of Croatia beat Anja Paerson of Sweden Saturday to take her first World Cup race in nearly two years in Aspen of Colorado, the United States.
Since winning Wimbledon as a virtually unknown 17-year-old last summer, Maria Sharapova has emerged as one of the world #39;s top ranked tennis players.
Ohio State #39;s Jessica Davenport, left, shoots over Yale #39;s Erica Davis during the first half Saturday Nov. 27, 2004, in Columbus, Ohio.
Lyon, France (Sports Network) - French international Sylvain Wiltord scored his first Ligue 1 goal of the season Saturday as Lyon edged Auxerre, 2-1.
Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Can Stephen A. Schwarzman rise above his status as just another rich deal maker and achieve renown in the worlds of art and Washington politics?
The push for better ethics and transparent accounting in corporate America has had an unexpected side effect: more finance chiefs are calling it quits.
Carl C. Icahn, the pushy financier, is Wall Street's perennial Boy Who Cried Wolf. So, why does anyone take him seriously anymore?
Utilities mutual funds are on a tear, but investors shouldn't expect a repeat performance next year.
THE Fed's decision today was widely anticipated, and I hope the economic effects of the tightening of monetary policy are fully examined before moving much further in this direction.
The holiday shopping season got an unexpected twist of craziness Saturday when someone released pepper spray in an elevator at the Toys R Us store in Times Square, sending at least three people 
IT is time to take a break from the junk bond market, which is overheating as companies rush to lock in surprisingly low interest rates before the Federal Reserve pushes them any higher.
The board of EADS, the parent company of Airbus, the aerospace giant, will tomorrow give the green light to develop its new aircraft, the A350.
AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labour Party maintains a healthy lead over the opposition six months before elections widely expected in May, a poll released Saturday suggests.
AP - Rwanda's President Paul Kagame said Saturday he has not ruled out sending troops to eastern Congo if Hutu rebels continue to threaten his country.
Ziff Davis - Trading Technologies, which develops trading software for derivatives professionals, has made 28 add-on components available.
Southeast Asian ministers on Saturday completed a free trade pact with China and other accords to be adopted at a meeting of their leaders, but touchy 
Declaring that peace had been restored in part of Pakistan #39;s restive tribal areas, Pakistani military officials have announced that troops will 
AP - Ashley Earley scored 21 points to lead No. 14 Vanderbilt over Siena 76-47 in the championship game of the Vanderbilt Tournament on Saturday.
AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
LONDON: Australia retained the Cook Cup with a 21-19 win against England here yesterday, their first victory at Twickenham since 1998.
Diamond Ferri ran for two touchdowns and returned an interception for another as Syracuse defeated No. 21 Boston College 43-17, likely knocking the Eagles from a Bowl Championship Series game.
More businesses are out to convert die-hard check writers to electronic billing by offering perks, lower interest rates or discounted prices.
Facing increased fuel prices, more Americans are choosing tankless water heating units, despite higher upfront costs.
Are dolls, blocks and stuffed animals fading away in favor of electronic gadgets, and is childhood fading with them?
When a colleague recently sold me his iPod with more than 3,000 songs still on it, his musical tastes showed me a side of him I had never seen.
At Louisville, Ky., Montrell Jones caught two touchdown passes and returned a punt for a score, and Louisville clinched its third Conference USA championship since 2000.
Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, slashed its own expectations of
Bode Miller of the United States clinched his first World Cup downhill title in six years in Lake Louise, Alberta of Canada on Saturday.
AP - IMPASSE CONTINUES: Ukraine's parliament declared the country's disputed presidential election invalid Saturday amid international calls for a new vote.
AP - Four federal police officers were suspended without pay as prosecutors investigate alleged police negligence in the vigilante killings of two federal agents this week, officials said Saturday.
AP - Former NBA coach Mike Fratello met with Memphis Grizzlies officials about the team's vacant coaching position.
If the Knicks have not yet found the ability to crush teams at will, they have at least discovered how to win even when their minds wander and their discipline disappears.
Jamal Crawford scored 30 points, Stephon Marbury had 15 assists and Tim Thomas scored 17 to lead New York past Toronto on Saturday.
Omar Minaya and Pedro Martnez met on their home turf in the Dominican Republic and tried to determine if they could extend their common ground.
How has U.S.C. head coach Pete Carroll been able to build a successful program, while his Notre Dame counterpart Tyrone Willingham is 6-4?
Australia showed all its famed resilience to withstand a fierce fightback by England and beat the world champion 21-19 in a thunderous World Cup final repeat yesterday.
AFP - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reappointed a minister dismissed four months ago for alleged involvement in the killing of 10 villagers three decades ago, officials said.
Quarterback David Greene throws a 28-yard touchdown pass for No. 8 Georgia in its 19-13 victory over Georgia Tech on Saturday.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has reportedly tracked down one of her son's killers and plans to find the second.
Owner Jerry Jones seems to not enjoy the decision to pull rookie Drew Henson during the Cowboys' 21-7 victory against Chicago on Thanksgiving.
Faced with the absence of their three top scorers, the Indiana Pacers have looked at themselves, turned inward and played with defiance, winning three straight.
This so-called friendly for the Cook Cup, rather than something more global, was generally billed as the payback Test. The team inflicting the revenge was supposed to be England 
Momentum is growing in Ukraine for last Sunday's disputed presidential election to be re-run.
AP - Joey Graham scored 25 points, John Lucas III added 17 and No. 6 Oklahoma State recovered from another subpar first half to beat Sam Houston State 73-57 on Saturday night.
Usually when a trade involving a high-priced player of a small market team gets consummated, there is generally the sense that the small market team is being taken advantage of.
Reuters - The\extinction of whole species, once specific to isolated islands,\is becoming a trend across continents.
A policeman ran amok at a security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down, police said on Sunday.
AP - Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony sprained his right ankle after a hard fall in the third quarter Saturday night against the Houston Rockets.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has written to churches across the world asking them to stop using harsh words against gay people.
Cavaliers guard LeBron James lights up the stumbling Chicago Bulls for 26 points on 11-of-17 shooting for a 96-74 Cleveland triumph.
The shooting of a schoolgirl added to a growing number of incidents that have spurred Israeli soldiers to speak about abuses of Palestinians.
New Delhi: When someone as colourful as the Chairman of the Virgin group, Sir Richard Branson, comes visiting there is bound to be some fun and games.
Steve Francis and Grant Hill combine for 54 points to guide the climbing Magic over the 76ers, 105-99, on Saturday night.
A minor 3.1 magnitude earthquake has split the lava dome in the crater of Mount St Helens, continuing a series of minor earthquakes that have rattled the site since October.
England captain Michael Vaughan says the Zimbabwe tour could still in doubt if the team are forced to meet Robert Mugabe.
French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy is due to be made head of President Chirac's governing party.
The Russian oil giant Yukos said on Friday that management was putting together an emergency plan to continue running the company for a few months, even after the auction of its prize asset next month.
AFP - Nearly 18 million Romanians are eligible to vote Sunday in the first round of a presidential election to replace Ion Iliescu and lead the former communist state into the European Union.
Bold, innovative solutions are key to addressing the rapidly rising costs of higher education and the steady reduction in government-subsidized help to finance such education.
The Bears intend to sign Jeff George, a team source said Saturday. George has not played since he was released by the Redskins in 2001.
One day after losing to LSU, Maryland's women's basketball team bounces back with a 76-56 win over Penn.
AP - Struggling desperately at quarterback, the Chicago Bears intend to sign veteran Jeff George, a team source said Saturday night.
Reuters - Wild animals seem to have escaped\the Indian Ocean tsunami, adding weight to notions they possess\a "sixth sense" for disasters, experts said Thursday.
 STILLWATER, Okla. (Sports Network) - Oklahoma State wasted  little time in finding a new football coach, promoting  offensive coordinator Mike Gundy to replace Les Miles.
Matt Leinart made a strong pitch for the Heisman Trophy, and Southern California overcame a sluggish start to move within one win of a perfect regular season.
Although Omar Minaya, the Mets' general manager, has not extended a contract offer, he is competing with the most prominent teams in baseball for Pedro Martnez.
Home Secretary David Blunkett has denied abusing his position to help fast-track a visa application for a friend's nanny
Despite a national decline of real Christmas trees sales, South Floridians are after that fresh pine smell in their homes this holiday season.
Thanks to hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan and Jeanne, names that will be burned into memory, residents learned the hard way: Florida has a target on its back.
Syracuse wasn #39;t able to follow Boston College to the Atlantic Coast Conference or stop the Eagles from leaving the Big East. The one thing the Orange could do was deprive 
How appropriate that the trade that finally sent Jason Kendall out of Pittsburgh would come on Thanksgiving eve. There can be no more thankful player in baseball than 
A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China has trapped 187 miners, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday. The blast tore through the state-run Chenjiashan 
A computer screen upgrade has crashed 80,000 government terminals at the Department for Work and Pensions in the UK. EDS and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were blamed.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Carolina Panthers both know the concept and reality of NFL parity. They #39;re prime examples of how swiftly teams can rise and how suddenly they can fall.
A coincidence that could tip the scales in Romania #39;s tightly fought presidential and parliamentary elections on Sunday is literally the colors used by the two main political parties in their campaign.
GENEVA: Rescuers have found the bodies of five Swiss firemen who died after the ceiling of an underground car park collapsed during a fire, a police spokesman said last night.
Having now passed closer to Tethys than the Voyager 2 spacecraft, Cassini has returned the best-ever natural color view of this icy Saturnian moon.
Saudi officials say security forces have killed a suspected militant in the western city of Jeddah after the man tried to use a hand grenade against them.
The result left top-ranked U.S.C. one victory from a perfect season and a berth in the B.C.S. title game.
The Milwaukee Bucks broke out of their tailspin Saturday night at the Bradley Center, where they defeated the Detroit Pistons, 96-90.
November same-store sales growth was sharply below target, Wal-Mart Stores said Saturday. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!
Romanians go to the polls to choose between the governing ex-communists and a strong opposition alliance.
Erik Morales and Marco Antonio Barrera put on another battle for the ages Saturday night, with Barrera barely coming out on top.
Palestinian leader Marwan Barghuti, 43, who is serving five life sentences in an Israeli jail, announced yesterday that he would withdraw his candidacy for the Palestinian presidency.
There was, no doubt, shock and dismay in some quarters when the National Basketball Association continued playing its schedule without interruption after the brawl in Detroit nine days ago.
LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Surging demand from emerging economies and rising commodity prices worldwide is casting daylight on coal-mining stocks.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi indicated Friday that extending the Self-Defense Forces #39; mission in Iraq was almost a done deal.
LOS ANGELES - The first time Southern California drilled Notre Dame by 31 points two years ago, it was a fluke. The second time was a coincidence.
AFP - China's SARS vaccine trials are expected to be completed by January as clinical experiments were going smoothly, state media reported.
Pope John Paul II returned the bones of two of the most revered saints in the Orthodox Church on Saturday, one in a series of gestures aimed at healing a millennium of distance 
Presidential elections began early Sunday in Romania with around 18 million eligible voters expected to vote in the first round of the race.
Gift cards are hot items this holiday season -- both at stores and in the courts.
At a time when the Federal Reserve chairman has rock star status, it's hard to imagine the world's greatest central bank as an obscure federal agency struggling for its independence.
Crofton Rhodes gets called a ''geek quot; a dozen times a day, but he doesn't mind.
What, having twins isn't enough? Patricia and Kevin Uniacke want to become landlords now, too?
Ordinary people don't need an economics lecture to get a sense of the big global financial issues of the day.
Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal ( Sony ) System: Playstation 2
An American casino company spearheading new growth in Macau #39;s 150-year-old gambling industry plans to open the biggest gaming hall the southern Chinese enclave has ever seen.
A rampant Australia thrash Great Britain at Elland Road to win the Tri-Nations trophy.
The government said it had lifted all restrictions on aid workers and revoked a state of emergency in the troubled North Darfur state yesterday, after rebels 
No wonder people love computer and video games. They #39;re realistic, fast-paced, interactive and challenging. Just about any age can play.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Andrew Bogut scored a game-high 19 points as Utah defeated Furman 62-50 in the Great Alaska Shootout on Saturday.
The incentive of a postseason berth inspired the New Orleans Saints and the Carolina Panthers. And yet, when the game was over, each of the teams had lost.
After the Jets' Wayne Chrebet suffered a mild concussion on Sunday, you had to wonder if his season might be over, if not his career.
This is the time of the year when Americans nationwide are gobbling up gobblers at grocery stores for holiday dinners. But out on Darrell French #39;s 
Peter Lonard won his second straight Australian Open title on Sunday with a come-from-behind 68 to win the championship by one stroke over Stuart Appleby.
Marco Antonio Barrera has claimed the WBC super-featherweight title with a majority points win over old adversary Erik Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards two touchdowns and scored again on an interception Saturday in Boston as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
Two US marines were killed on Thursday in the flashpoint city of Fallujah, where US marines are fighting pockets of insurgents, a US military spokesman said in a statement Saturday.
A gas explosion tore through a central Chinese coal mine today, trapping at least 188 miners and sending smoke billowing out the mine #39;s air vents, the government said.
A major study of fossils by US scientists has concluded that evolution has sculpted our bodies into finely-tuned distance-running machines.
Wow, wouldn #39;t that be something if the NBA season ended with Ron Artest holding the championship trophy? It #39;s not out of the realm of possibility.
Japan #39;s defense chief on Sunday said that Japanese troops could remain in Iraq until late 2005, a year longer than their current mandate.
Japanese Defense Agency Director General Yoshinori Ono said Sunday that late 2005 is a possible target date for Japanese troops to withdraw from Iraq.
Bryan Randall is wrapping up his career at Virginia Tech in style, and with the biggest stakes in front of him. Randall threw two second-half touchdowns and the Hokies 
When Iowa State beat Missouri on Saturday afternoon to propel Colorado into the Big 12 Championship game, the Buffs #39; bowl possibilities expanded.
Longtime Business Week editor-in-chief Stephen Shepard is expected to be named the first dean of the City University #39;s planned Graduate School of Journalism.
BOSTON - Diamond Ferri ran for 141 yards with two touchdowns and scored again on an interception as Syracuse rolled to a 43-17 victory over No.
FOUR workers were pulled out alive from a mine in north China today, leaving 166 colleagues trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion, local officials said.
Before you open your holiday gifts, Eric and Gloria Sundback want you to open up your Christmas tree. Instead of buying an evenly shaped tree densely packed with 
Marco Antonio Barrera has claimed the WBC super-featherweight title with a majority points win over old adversary Erik Morales at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas.
PARTICIPANTS in the Redfern riots were among an angry mob who burned down a police station on Queensland #39;s Palm Island, police said yesterday.
If you #39;re replacing an aging VCR, a recorder that uses digital technology now deserves first consideration. The reasons include picture quality that can exceed that of a 
AFP - British yachtswoman Ellen MacArthur set sail in an attempt to set a new solo round-the-world record.
Mumbai, November 28 :The board of power utility Reliance Energy Ltd will meet in the next few days to consider the resignations of six of its directors, the company said on Sunday.
Color display and photo support can't save oddly designed player.
Evgeni Plushenko and Irina Slutskaya delighted the home crowd Saturday by winning the Cup of Russia with superb free skating programs in Moscow.
Four workers have been pulled out alive from a mine in north China, leaving 166 colleagues trapped and feared dead after a gas explosion, local officials said.
Fiat chairman Luca di Montezemolo brushes off media speculation that the carmaker wants to scrap its partnership with General Motors.
More and more Americans are waking up Christmas morning to find Santa #39;s presents nestled under the plastic branches of an artificial tree.
Fiat chairman Luca di Montezemolo has brushed off media reports that the company wants to scrap its partnership with US giant General Motors (GM).
Explore powerful options available to mid-sized companies
The first nine holes of the Merrill Lynch Skins Game decided, well, almost nothing Saturday. On a day that saw the fewest skins won in the 22-year history of the event 
Britain #39;s Stephen Dodd fired a four-under-par 68 to clinch his maiden European Tour title with a three-shot victory at the China Open on Sunday.
It #39;s almost certainly too little too late, although after what took place here on Saturday afternoon the rope reserved for the head coach has been put aside for the time being.
Leaders at a summit in Burkina Faso of mostly French-speaking nations have condemned authorities in divided Ivory Coast for resuming hostilities in the rebel-held north earlier this month.
In the past five years, national sales of real Christmas trees have dropped faster than needles on an unwatered pine in the living room.
Crossett #39;s 25-yard field goal in overtime, the first of his college career, secured a 17-14 victory for beleaguered Missouri on Saturday.
The way Antoine Deneriaz figures it, he was the fastest human on the course during yesterday #39;s season-opening World Cup downhill at Lake Louise, Alta.
eBay will soon drop support for Microsoft's Passport service, which was originally intended to make the world's biggest software maker the gatekeeper of Web identities.
Eight paramilitary troopers were killed and two injured when a irate soldier went on a shooting spree killing in the Indian-administered Kashmir Saturday night.
In the post-9/11 world, Lockheed Martin has become more than just the nation's biggest military contractor. It is putting its stamp on military policies as well.
Germany's high-tech truck toll system, which relies on GPS technology and GSM wireless networks, began operation on Saturday without a glitch.
Anastasia Myskina put Russia ahead in the Fed Cup final against France with a comprehensive win over Nathalie Dechy in the third singles rubber.
For blogs and bloggers, 2004 was a good year, according to data released from the Pew Internet   American Life Project.
The benchmark 10-year US Treasury note fell for a fifth week, its longest losing streak since May, on concern foreign investors #39; demand for US government bonds is waning.
An IT director reports on problems associated with a move to Linux.
Six conference champions and two at-large teams will make up the participants in the four BCS bowl games, guaranteeing their schools huge paydays.
AUSTRALIAN Prime Minister John Howard flies into the Laotian capital late today as security jitters threaten to engulf the ASEAN summit.
Adios, Fiesta. Sayonara, Sugar. Bye-bye, Bowl Championship Series. Gator, why don't you give a call?
There may have been gloomier, more depressing, and costlier days for a Boston College athletic team in the past 40 years, but I can't think of one.
East Boston's Jermaine Wiggins has roamed from college team to college team, NFL team to NFL team. He fills perfectly the role of nomad tight end.
Sonny Riccio ran for two touchdowns and passed for 148 yards to lead Delaware to a 28-14 win over visiting Lafayette yesterday in the first round of the Division 1-AA playoffs.
STATESBORO, Ga. -- The University of New Hampshire went down to Georgia and stole a playoff game from Georgia Southern.
Syracuse's 43-17 victory over Boston College forged a four-way tie for first place in the Big East among the Orange, Eagles, Pittsburgh, and West Virginia.
East Boston finishes the regular season undefeated and moves on to the playoffs to host a team with a potent running attack and a complicated offensive scheme. Sound familiar?
InfoWorld reviews the year in operating systems, including the arrival of the v2.6 Linux kernel.
Growing importance of Linux in the enterprise is focus of event.
THE breeze barely tickled the flags around the first tee, the weather was warming and the air light. The greens were true and gave good grip to approaches.
Gretzenbach, Switzerland - Seven Swiss firefighters were killed in the collapse of a parking garage ceiling in a fire in northern Switzerland, officials said on Sunday.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in comments published on Sunday that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and Europe were not doing enough to prevent Iran from developing nuclear arms.
Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o encountered apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Soon, Linda Anderson and members of her family will bundle up and make the annual trip to the Christmas tree farm in search of a tree.
Italian automaker Fiat chief Luca Cordero de Montezemolo denied on Saturday rumors that US car giant General Motors is planning to pull out of the Italian carmaker.
Bowhead whales and boreal owls are among the wide range of research projects proposed for the upcoming year through the Alaska Department of Fish and Game #39;s nongame program.
BATTERED but unbowed, England lost the re-run of the World Cup final in one of the most sensational matches Twickenham has seen in recent years.
New York Knicks guard Stephon Marbury was asked yesterday if his club had done anything special to try to keep Raptors guard Vince Carter in check.
A spokesman for Iraq #39;s interim government has rejected calls, mainly by Sunni and Kurdish groups, to postpone the country #39;s first national elections.
Hi-tech monitoring of livestock at pig farms could help improve the animal growth process and reduce costs.
A top official in Colombia says the country #39;s largest Marxist rebel group targeted President Bush for assassination when he visited Cartagena this past week.
TONGCHUAN, CHINA - A gas explosion tore through a coal mine in China #39;s Shaanxi province, trapping as many as 170 miners underground.
Marxist rebels tried to organize an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to the port city of Cartagea last week, a top Colombian official said yesterday.
A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens Saturday morning, the strongest quake at the volcano since its new lava dome began growing in mid-October.
Researchers say they have found a way to produce hydrogen with far less energy than other methods, a development that would move the country closer to the goal of a "hydrogen economy."
A tanker ship spilled 30,000 gallons of heavy crude oil into the Delaware River between Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey on Friday night.
Colorado will have more to remember about this season than just scandal and turmoil -- most notably, a trip to the Big 12 title game that seemed nearly impossible just a few weeks ago.
A look ahead at issues and events likely to make headlines in the coming year.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - It reads like a VIP list of  failures -- Hewlett-Packard, Toshiba, Intel, and Philips.
AS Roma ended a run of four defeats with a 4-0 win at Siena in Serie A on Saturday with two goals each from Vincenzo Montella and Francesco Totti.
 JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Want a computer that screams when  a thief strikes? Or a personal tracking unit in case you get  kidnapped?
The next chapter in the global legal battle between the recording industry and file-sharing services is due to unfold here Monday when the owners of the 
About 166 miners remain trapped deep in a mine in central China, with all communications lost.
THE jailed firebrand Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has decided not to run for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority, lifting the threat of a divided vote in his Fatah faction.
England beat Zimbabwe by five wickets in the opening one-day international.
Aerial hunters have claimed the first wolf kills of the season as Alaska officials renew predator-control efforts to boost moose and caribou populations.
Sales at United States retailers, including JC Penney and Target, got a boost on the first weekend of the US holiday-shopping season as customers bought discounted retail goods.
Scientists from the US Geological Survey report that small earthquakes have registered about once a minute for the past several weeks.
Three major recording companies have agreed to make their music available to be shared and sold over a new online file-swapping service that aims to lure music fans away from rival 
The Beijing municipal government has apparently given in to mounting domestic criticism and withdrawn its recent order for computer operating systems and office suite software from United States giant Microsoft.
Paceman Glenn McGrath grabbed four wickets as Australia took firm control of the second Test in Adelaide by bowling out New Zealand for 251 -- a first innings lead of 324.
A committee of renowned scientists said the result was a vote of confidence in medical research and a positive sign for Switzerland as a centre for science and research.
Iraqi National Guard soldiers remove the bodies of four murdered men found in a cemetery as US Army troops secure the perimeter in Mosul, Iraq, Sunday, Nov. 28, 2004.
Kenya Sunday launched an international conference aimed at working toward the eradication of land mines by the year 2009 with traditional African dances and songs.
MOSCOW -- Anastasia Myskina and Vera Zvonareva powered Russia to its first Fed Cup title by winning the decisive doubles against defending champion France on Sunday.
A gas explosion blasted through a coal mine in central China today, leaving more than 160 miners missing in what may be the country #39;s worst coal-mine accident in recent years.
For starters, he moved into the final round of the European Tour #39;s China Open in the lead - a lofty position he has never occupied.
Reuters - When Wall Street gets back to work\this week after the Thanksgiving holiday, the focus will be on\jobs and retail sales.
AFP - French-Belgian bank Dexia said  that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
AP - Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
AP - This week's U.S.-Spain Davis Cup final is expected to break the attendance record for a sanctioned tennis match.
AP - Six in 10 Americans say there should be a mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court justices, according to an Associated Press poll.
At least 15 people are dead after being run down by a high-speed train in Madhya Pradesh state in India.
Home secretary asks for an independent review into claims he intervened in a visa application for his ex-lover's former nanny.
The new Band Aid single is released in record stores on Monday, with staff poised for a massive rush in sales.
A gas explosion may be the country's worst coal-mine accident in recent years.
Iranian officials said on Sunay night they were close to reaching consensus with Germany, Britain and France over a resolution on Tehran #39;s nuclear programme expected 
In the first national referendum on an issue that has divided both the European Union and the United States, Swiss voters have backed proposals to allow stem-cell research.
Description: Shoppers and retailers are in the thick of the buying season. But at stores in the Washington, DC, area, retailers are keeping their expectations realistic.
A STUNNING injury-time Neil Mellor goal gave Liverpool a deserved Premiership win at Anfield today. The defeat was only the second in 55 league games for the champions.
Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o was the target of apparent racial abuse during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.
Arsenal dropped five points behind Chelsea in the English Premier League on Sunday after losing 2-1 to Liverpool on an injury-time goal by Neil Mellor.
AP - Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion-dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones.
AP - A brief look at elements of climate change and the international agreements to deal with it:
Supporters of Ukraine's PM announce a vote for autonomy, upping the stakes in the disputed election.
Iran backs down on its demand to exempt some of its technology from a nuclear freeze, diplomats say.
Swiss voters overwhelmingly approve government proposals to permit research using stem cells of human embryos.
AMMAN - Jordans King Abdullah relieved his half brother Prince Hamza of his duties as crown prince, royal palace sources said on Sunday.
Traditionalists and gay Christians were tonight cautious over a call for unity by the Archbishop of Canterbury amid the row about homosexual clergy.
While standing in a queue for what proved to be an undercooked cheeseburger, the script for Sunday afternoon #39;s Insider report was suggested.
The Baltimore Ravens (7-3) have a prime opportunity to exploit the New England Patriots #39; vulnerable secondary in today #39;s game at Gillette Stadium.
The number of Christmas tree farms in Louisiana has fallen like needles from an unwatered tree. There will be at least one less next year.
The proposed foreign takeover of WMC Resources has attracted more criticism, with concern the mining assets at stake could one day be an issue of national security.
After an absence of a decade, Philips Electronics is making personal computers again, the company said yesterday. The Netherlands-based electronics conglomerate, which abandoned the PC business in the early 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Unlike every other team in the NFL, the Philadelphia Eagles are secure in the knowledge they are heading to the playoffs.
Serie A leader Juventus blew a two-goal, second-half lead and had to settle for a 2-2 tie with Inter Milan on Sunday, losing ground to defending champion AC Milan.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and Mahmoud Abbas, the favorite to become the new Palestinian leader, said in separate interviews published today that they would be 
Declaring that peace had been restored in part of Pakistan #39;s restive tribal areas, Pakistani military officials have announced that their troops will abandon 
LONDON: Chelsea returned to form and extended their lead at the top of the English Premiership with an impressive 4-0 win at Charlton Athletic yesterday.
Its unclear whether Iran has withdrawn its demand that some of its technology be excluded from a freeze on nuclear enrichment activities.
BRUSSELS : French-Belgian bank Dexia said that it has decided to terminate its plans to form an alliance with Italian bank Sanpaolo IMI.
Reuters - Want a computer that screams when\a thief strikes? Or a personal tracking unit in case you get\kidnapped?
Reuters - Shares of Internet search companies\Google Inc.  and Yahoo Inc.  rose on Monday\after Goldman Sachs raised its fourth-quarter estimates for\both companies.
Defender John Terry scored twice in three minutes as Chelsea beat Charlton 4-0 Saturday to open up a five-point lead at the top of the English Premier League.
AP - The Kansas City Chiefs have proved once more that no matter how high any offense might soar, all is lost when the defense can't stop anything.
CRICKET has its walkers and its stayers and now New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming has declared himself as the Kiwi in the middle.
AFP - Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis, the first Greek premier to visit Egypt in 12 years, held talks in Cairo with President Hosni Mubarak.
Brian Westbrook scored two touchdowns and the Eagles' defense made life miserable for Eli Manning and frustrating for Barrett Green.
Violence and a lack of preparedness spur calls to postpone the Jan. 30 election.
The fluid security environment has convinced the Red Crescent that it must coordinate its relief efforts with US forces.
Four religious leaders illustrated in a TV appearance today just how passionate and difficult such dialogues can be.
Swiss voters endorsed restrictive legislation on stem cell research Sunday that forbids the cloning of human embryos and put Switzerland on a par with some other continental European countries.
King Abdullah of Jordan has stripped his half-brother and heir apparent of his title as crown prince on Sunday. King Abdullah announced at the state television on Sunday that the move was aimed at allowing 
The floundering Orange were supposed to roll over Saturday, allowing Boston College to earn its first spot in a B.C.S. game.
Gerald Riggs ran 12 yards for a touchdown with 38 seconds remaining and No. 15 Tennessee defeated Kentucky, 37-31, Saturday.
NBC Sports Chairman Dick Ebersol survives a plane crash in southwestern Colorado on Sunday.
AP - THE NEWS: Iran agreed Sunday not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield uranium for atomic weapons.
AP - Shan Moore had 14 points and eight rebounds to help No. 23 Louisiana Tech beat Arkansas State 67-50 on Sunday.
Ronaldo scored twice as Real Madrid ended a two-game winless slide with a 5-0 Spanish league victory over seventh-placed Levante at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday.
GENEVA Swiss voters have backed a law allowing stem-cell research in the first national referendum on an issue that has divided both the European Union and the United States.
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7 hit Japan #39;s northern island of Hokkaido early this morning, causing injuries and triggering a tsunami warning.
Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, has launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - No matter how hard the Toronto Raptors fought or well they shot, the Washington Wizards always found a way to rally back.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has written to conservatives in the Anglican Communion, asking them to refrain from using hostile words about homosexuals.
AP - The Philadelphia Eagles clinched the NFC East again. Big deal  #151; they did that before the season started.
Iraqi political figures continued on Sunday to react to a movement by Sunni Arabs to delay elections by six months.
N.B.C. Sports Chairman and President Dick Ebersol survived a charter plane crash that killed at least two people, NBC said in a statement.
Real Madrid gave a stunning exhibition of finishing power to crush Levante 5-0 at the Bernabeu in the Primera Liga on Sunday. The home side had struggled to impose 
AP - Minnesota will play in the Music City Bowl on Dec. 31, the Golden Gophers' third straight postseason appearance.
Elton Brand scores 25 points to lift the Clippers over the Warriors, 103-91, and can finish November with a winning record for just the second time in 30 years.
The story of the last week has been the fall and fall of the dollar with the currency touching daily record lows against the euro.
Strip away the great plays and the wild action and San Diego #39;s 34-31 victory over Kansas City is reduced to a simple fact: big plays.
The Washington Redskins only wish they were getting as much offence from their starters as the streaking Pittsburgh Steelers are from their backups.
Martin Gramatica lined up for the go-ahead field goal and the Carolina Panthers assumed they would have to come from behind to beat Tampa Bay.
Romania #39;s former communists looked likely to retain power last night when exit polls put them comfortably ahead in elections for both parliament and president.
The King of Jordan announced an abrupt change to his succession plans yesterday, stripping his half-brother, Hamza bin Hussein, of the title crown prince.
Defense Agency chief Yoshinori Ono raised the possibility Sunday that the Self-Defense Forces #39; mission in Iraq will end in late 2005.
AP - The point spread  #151; "Indianapolis -10"  #151; pretty much says it all.
The same gas used to blow up balloons could be mined from the Moon #39;s surface and transported to Earth to meet future energy demands, say US scientists.
LOS ANGELES - Notre Dame #39;s 41-10 loss to Southern California Saturday night all but clinched an Insight Bowl berth for the Fighting Irish.
EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey (Ticker) -- Brian Westbrook and the Philadelphia Eagles had no problem running to another division title.
Iraq #39;s main Shi #39;ite parties insisted on Saturday that elections should go ahead on Jan. 30 as planned, rejecting mounting calls from Sunni and secular politicians 
Two UN workers who spent nearly a month in the hands of Afghan kidnappers left Kabul on Sunday as relatives and friends awaited their arrivals in Northern Ireland and Kosovo.
Reuters - At least 80 whales and dolphins have\died after beaching themselves on a remote island between the\Australian mainland and the country's island state of Tasmania.
Just a day before an international deadline, Iran agreed Sunday not to test any centrifuges as part of a total suspension of nuclear activities that can yield uranium for atomic weapons.
Quincy Carter left with a head injury after the third play of the game, but returned to deliver the knockout blow, a 69-yard touchdown pass to Santana Moss.
AP - Randy Johnson moved a step closer to joining the Yankees when commissioner Bud Selig approved a proposed trade between Arizona and New York, The Associated Press learned Monday.
ALDERSON, W.VA. - The food at the Federal Correctons Camp is nothing to write home about - unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart.
Reuters - Donovan McNabb passed for one\touchdown and rushed for another as the Philadelphia Eagles won\their fourth straight division title with a 27-6 win over the
So it is no more than apt that Peter Lonard should yesterday add to the tradition in the 100th staging of Australia #39;s oldest and greatest golf championship.
Notre Dame accepted an invitation Sunday to play in the Insight Bowl in Phoenix against a Pac-10 team on Dec. 28.
Willis McGahee runs for 116 yards and four touchdowns as the Bills hand Seattle's Mike Holmgren his worst defeat with the Seahawks, 38-9.
Michael Vick throws a 27-yard scoring pass to Alge Crumpler with 1:22 remaining to finish Atlanta's rally with a 24-21 triumph over the Saints.
Neil Mellor lived up to his burgeoning reputation with the winner for Liverpool in last night #39;s dramatic 2-1 win over Arsenal.
WHITE HOUSE President Bush is urging Sinn Fein (shin fayn) leader Gerry Adams to help speed up the peace process in Northern Ireland.
Up to 80 pilot whales and bottle nose dolphins died after a mass stranding on King Island off Tasmania, Australia. The number of dead mammals is lower than that in earlier 
Peter Mandelson yesterday denied being involved in discussions over the alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea as the Conservatives began to put pressure on the government over what it knew and when.
The Maryland football coaching staff enters the offseason ready to reexamine everything from practice philosophy to its own performance.
Traditionalists and gay Christians are cautious over a call for unity by the Archbishop of Canterbury amid the row about homosexual clergy.
Carbon monoxide prevents rescuers from reaching 141 men trapped after a deadly mine blast in central China.
A national survey in Australia shows worrying levels of alcohol consumption among the country's teenagers.
AFP - The Philippine government is willing to negotiate with the kidnappers of a Filipino accountant being held captive in Iraq.
AP - Hey, Shaq, Jerry Buss wants to be buddies again.
A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 rocked eastern areas of Hokkaido, Japan #39;s northernmost main island, early Monday, injuring at least 13 people.
The heads of state of 10 South East Asian countries are meeting in Laos #39; capital Vientiane for the annual summit of regional grouping Asean.
The British Government was told of an alleged plot to overthrow Equatorial Guinea #39;s government months in advance, it was reported yesterday.
AP - Memphis will accept an invitation to play in the GMAC Bowl in Mobile, Ala., on Dec. 22.
In its 35th season, ABC's "Monday Night Football" is still trying to regain some of its old uniqueness.
It was a shot that rang out around the Premiership, delighting Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United, and darkening the gloomy mood of the champions, Arsenal.
The relentless Peter Lonard today outlasted a battle weary field at the 2004 Hillross Australian Open, to win his second consecutive Australian Open Championship.
AP - Win or lose in the Orange Bowl, Southern California will always be No. 1 to Ryan Davidson.
An escalating political rift among Iraq #39;s main religious groups and continued violence throughout the country are threatening parliamentary elections set for January.
A hugely entertaining game between Scotland #39;s two victorious UEFA Cup sides saw Rangers edge ahead in the Scottish Premier League title race for the first time since October 2003, in a match 
Iran has abandoned its demand to be allowed to continue some of its controversial nuclear activities, the BBC reported Sunday. UN nuclear watchdog International Atomic Energy 
HOBART, Australia Wildlife officers are trying to save about 50 whales and dolphins near the coast of a southern Australian island.
The National Retail Federation, a trade group in Washington, estimated that the Thanksgiving weekend accounted for \$22.8 billion in sales.
Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
The producers of a popular file sharing program have created the biggest system of Internet music piracy ever seen, the Federal Court in Sydney has been told.
Reuters - Anglican Church head Rowan Williams has\warned church leaders that criticism of gay people could make\them vulnerable to persecution or suicide.
Ariel Sharon said yesterday that he would end his boycott of the Palestinian leadership and begin a new era of working with Yasser Arafat #39;s successors.
Ian Paisley is almost certain to sign a historic agreement that would see his Democratic Unionists sharing power in Ulster with Sinn Fein.
Jordan #39;s Hashemite royal family was thrown into turmoil last night when King Abdullah abruptly dismissed his half-brother, Prince Hamzeh, as Crown Prince and heir apparent.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams, yesterday pleaded with both sides in the war over homosexuality to repent for bringing the worldwide Church to the brink of schism.
AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.
For a change, the Vikings' defense produces a long touchdown as tackle Kevin Williams rumbles for a 77-yard touchdown after a fumble to beat the Jaguars, 27-16.
Jacques Kallis hit his first Test century against India as South Africa reached 227 for five on the first day of the second and final Test yesterday.
Rescuers were searching for 141 miners trapped in a coal mine in central China after a massive explosion tore through the shaft killing at least 25 others.
In typical fashion, Nicolas Sarkozy yesterday organised a big welcome for himself as he was elected president of France #39;s ruling UMP party.
Late goals from Christian Vieri and Adriano brought Inter from two down to grab a point with a 2-2 draw against leaders Juventus on Sunday.
Rescuers battled thick smoke on Monday to free 141 Chinese miners trapped after a gas explosion in a coal mine in northern China that killed at least 25, state media reported.
Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams and former IRA commander Martin McGuinness will today talk face-to-face for the first time with a Northern Ireland Chief Constable.
Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki opened an international landmine conference in Nairobi with a plea for countries to sign a treaty banning the bombs.
The legendary chipmaker has cancelled a succession of high-profile projects, replaced managers and fallen behind a key competitor.
New systems deliver broadband Internet connections through fixed antennas without digging up streets to install cables.
With more people having high-speed connections at home, there will be less holiday shopping at work.
United States cellphone operators are flirting with selling handsets that feature their names exclusively.
Chancellor Gordon Brown was today preparing for this weeks vital Pre-Budget Report against a backdrop of dire warnings from business groups and economists 
From the opening kickoff, it seemed all coach Mike Mularkey needed was to wind up the Buffalo Bills and watch them go. Actually, he encouraged them to wind down in Seattle.
Anglican Church head Rowan Williams has warned church leaders that criticism of gay people could make them vulnerable to persecution or suicide.
US Treasury note investors became more bearish last week on speculation a government report will show November employment improved enough to keep the Federal Reserve from slowing the pace of interest rate increases.
Ducks and geese coated in crude oil were carried to a national wildlife refuge yesterday by volunteers trying to save them from the largest oil spill on the Delaware River in nearly a decade.
A charter jet carrying Dick Ebersol, the chairman of NBC Universal Sports, and five other people crashed, killing the pilot and co-pilot.
As many as 3,500 officials voted to seek autonomy if the opposition continues to seek the presidency for Viktor A. Yushchenko.
As Boise State has proved in finishing its regular season 11-0, its program has transcended a quirky marketing gimmick: the installation of its blue turf.
U.N. relief officials warned Monday that people affected by the south Asia earthquake and tsunami may be dying of hunger and disease because wrecked roads and bad communications are blocking the distribution of supplies.
Three of Japan #39;s largest IT companies have developed an open-source implementation of a standard from OASIS to ensure reliable messaging between Web services applications.
Australia set New Zealand a victory target of 464 runs in the second and final cricket Test in Adelaide, declaring at 139-2 after lunch on the fourth day.
AP - President Ricardo Lagos on Sunday said he planned to compensate thousands of people who were imprisoned and tortured under the regime of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.
Baghdad, Nov. 29 (NNN) : Iraqs interim deputy prime minister has said that postponing the forthcoming Iraqi elections would be giving in to terrorism.
U-Va.'s decision to decline any postseason bowl invitations that conflict with final exams is causing a headache for the ACC.
The use of evergreens as a symbol and celebration of life during Winter Solstice celebrations started in ancient Roman and Egyptian times.
Hong Kong will work closely with overseas jurisdictions to fight transnational organized crime, the China Daily reported Monday. Hong Kong #39;s Secretary for Justice Elsie Leung 
ATLANTA - Say all you want about the Atlanta Falcons #39; tendency to take an offensive vacation in the third quarter and give opponents hope.
China will step up controls on investment in power plants, despite electricity shortages, to help ease pressure on coal supplies, state media reported Monday.
NEWCASTLE : Everton underlined their re-emergence as an English Premiership force after Lee Carsley struck a stunning equaliser to earn a 1-1 draw at Newcastle United.
The stat line in the first half was about as remarkable as it gets. But then again, North Carolina is getting used to big leads at the break.
Academic institutions and researchers are widely viewed as impartial actors in drug trials. But that independence often comes with strings attached.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings.
More than 135 years after explorer John Wesley Powell first surveyed this ancient canyon, his writings seemed to echo last week as water roared down the Colorado River.
Despite new federal and state laws aimed at spamming, theft or fraud while using computers, hackers continue to prowl the Internet perpetrating scams and outright theft.
The Cincinnati Bengals pulled out a 58-48 victory over the Cleveland Browns in the most remarkable game of their intrastate rivalry.
Two months after elections that were criticized as falling short of international standards, two explosions shook the offices of President 
The nation #39;s three biggest credit reporting companies have announced details about how consumers can receive copies of their credit reports for free once a year 
Dirty, weary and quietly pleased, the Steelers trudged into their locker room Sunday after the 16-7 victory against the Washington Redskins.
French President Jacques Chirac has congratulated Nicolas Sarkozy on his nomination as president of his ruling party, Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).
An independent investigator who will study claims that Home Secretary David Blunkett abused his position is to be named.
The Supreme Court will soon hear arguments in a legal case that may decide whether wineries can sell directly to out-of-state consumers.
The Raiders block a final-minute field-goal attempt by the Broncos' Jason Hanson to preserve a 25-24 win in snow-covered Denver on Sunday night.
Shaquille O'Neal feels the Heat needs to acquire a killer instinct after just edging out the Celtics, 106-104, on Sunday evening.
Now that the Thanksgiving feast is over, many people are getting ready to deck the halls and put up their Christmas tree. Some Christmas tree farmers are working even harder to compete with artificial trees.
LAKE LOUISE, Alberta - World Cup leader Bode Miller barreled his way into skiing history Sunday, collecting his third consecutive win.
The Washington Redskins thought they had hit rock bottom with their offensive struggles when they gained just 213 net yards in their 28-6 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles last week.
Twenty-five Chinese coal miners were killed and 141 remained trapped underground a day after China #39;s third major mining accident in less than six weeks.
Pakistan successfully test fired a short-range ballistic missile capable of carrying a nuclear warhead, as part of series of planned tests, the army said.
AFP - Pakistan has test-fired a short-range nuclear capable missile, its fifth missile test this year.
Haiti's largest public hospital is barely functioning despite foreign governments' pledging \$1.4 billion toward Haiti's long-term development.
A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.1 hit a wide area of Japan's northernmost main island of Hokkaido early Monday, Japan's Meteorological Agency said.
In a matchup of conference leaders, the Seattle SuperSonics thought the Indiana Pacers would run out of steam when it counted most.
The NBA introduced the 24-second shot clock in 1954 to increase scoring. For the second time this month, the Nets and the Portland Trail Blazers set back offensive basketball 50 years.
Chicago will hold the first charitable eBay auction to be sponsored by an American city, to benefit the city's cultural programs.
Anecdotal evidence of crowded stores at the start of the holiday shopping season wasn #39;t backed up with promising retail numbers, as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
A 6-foot gash has been discovered in the hull of a tanker that leaked 30,000 gallons of crude oil into the Delaware River Friday night, officials said yesterday.
No. 1-ranked Southern California can #39;t claim perfection yet, needing to win two more games to finish 13-0 and as national champion.
Former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar is to answer questions about the 11 March Madrid bombings.
Pennsylvania Turnpike managers and temporary workers held out their hands again yesterday to collect tolls from shoppers, football fans and end-of-Thankgiving weekend 
A gas explosion that tore through a coal mine in central China trapped 166 workers in underground shafts filled with noxious smoke in the latest and apparently the deadliest of a 
Mahmoud Abbas, the leading candidate for the Palestinian Authority presidency, said yesterday that Palestinians wanted to begin negotiating final statehood terms 
After suffering a head injury on the third play, Quincy Carter returned to what ended up being his most effective game since taking over as the Jets' starter.
Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation, China's largest carmaker, is consolidating its assets into a new company as it considers listing its shares abroad.
US retailers #39; credit card sales rose more than 6 percent during the first weekend of the holiday shopping season. Same-store sales at Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
An outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, may hit Asia this winter, the World Health Organization said today in an e-mailed statement.
Australia ripped through the top of the New Zealand order to leave the tourist #39;s struggling on 36 for four at tea on the fourth day of the second test 
The 49ers #39; defense caused fumbles, sacked the quarterback, knocked down passes and even scored a touchdown. The defense played well enough for any team to win.
England striker Michael Owen has vowed to keep fighting for a place in the Real Madrid starting line-up after another substitute appearance led to his now almost customary goal.
An Irish political party leader is to urge British Prime Minister Tony Blair to accelerate the withdrawal of troops from republican areas of Northern Ireland.
Pakistan test-fires a medium-range missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads.
Ask holiday shoppers what drives their choice of stores and you #39;ll hear a variety of answers. But the subject of money is never far away.
South Africa added just 62 runs for the loss of three wickets as India pegged them back on day two of the second Test in Calcutta.
There are those who finish their holiday shopping by Thanksgiving. Then there are the rest of us. Here's a holiday gift guide for both planners and procrastinators.
The board of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd has approved an issue of shares representing a 2.75 per cent stake to Warburg Pincus International LLC.
Microsoft UK is offering FREE licensed copies of Windows XP to anyone who is willing to give up their counterfeit copies in exchange.
There was no champagne celebration by the players, no Gatorade bath for the coach. Maybe another team would be impressed with itself after clinching 
AP - Angel Raich tried dozens of prescription medicines to ease the pain of a brain tumor and other illnesses before she took up another drug: pot.
FOXBOROUGH -- It is logical, if you coach offensive football for a living, to look at the Patriots secondary as presently constituted and see opportunity.
PITTSBURGH -- The Washington Redskins only wish they were getting as much offense from their starters as the streaking Pittsburgh Steelers are from their backups.
FOXBOROUGH -- He needed a long hit of mouthwash when the festivities at Gillette Stadium were over yesterday.
The problem with being in the spotlight dance is a basic one. You had better know how to dance.
The Thanksgiving weekend is over, and the typical consumer has completed 37 percent of his or her holiday shopping, according to a National Retail Federation survey released Sunday.
Marchets Toys  amp; Hobbies, a small shop tucked in the corner of Southgate Shopping Center, is a reminder of life before the big-box stores.
Birds coated in oil were carried to a wildlife refuge by volunteers trying to save them from the largest oil spill on the Delaware River in nearly a decade.
NEW Zealand trailed by 314 to be 5-149 in its second innings at stumps on day four of the second Test against Australia at Adelaide Oval today.
ASPEN - After two days of disappointment, an American ski racer finally landed on a podium in front of an enthusiastic, partisan and snow-covered crowd Sunday.
Violence in Mosul is damaging efforts to hold elections in the city, the US commander in north Iraq tells the BBC.
Scientists discover how the skin of the fingertips protects itself against a common bug that causes diarrhoea.
eBay could be a good model for \government-backed online communities,  says a UK think-tank.
Telekom Austria AG, Austria #39;s biggest phone operator won the right to buy Bulgaria #39;s largest mobile phone company, MobilTel EAD.
unless one is eating it with Martha Stewart! Carol Gilbert, 57, a Catholic nun serving time with the domestic diva at the Federal 
Electricity distribution companies in Great Britain will be allowed to raise their prices by an average of 1.3 per cent after inflation in 2005-2005, industry regulator Ofgem said on Monday.
Money-losing Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said Monday that it is setting up a joint venture with Merrill Lynch to offer auto-sales financing services in the United States.
Microsoft has announced a one month  quot;amnesty quot; of sorts for possessors of possible counterfeit copies of the Windows XP operating system.
Two Massachusetts Institute of Technology scientists are developing a cellphone that is so smart it can tell what you think and even predict your next move.
SATURN makes its reappearance on our star maps this month but is only the appetiser for a feast of planetary interest later in the night.
They were lined up at dawn Friday. They fidgeted with nervous energy. They could barely wait to get into those stores and start spending.
A poor shooting game will likely knock Tennessee out of the No. 1 ranking. A second bad showing almost cost the Volunteers more. Shanna Zolman scored five of her 
American Calvin Harrison #39;s failure to appeal against a doping ban means the French men #39;s 4x400 meters relay team will get a late gold.
They sport the best record in the NBA and have beaten several top-tier teams (like Minnesota, Sacramento, San Antonio and Denver).
Dropping a last-minute demand to keep using centrifuges, Iran agreed yesterday to suspend its nuclear programs and won some additional concessions from Europe for a resolution 
The Philippine economy rose 6.3 percent year-on-year in the third quarter, higher than the market expectations, the government said Monday.
Wildlilfe authorities in Australia are concerned by the beaching of dozens of whales in two separate incidents in waters off the state of Tasmania.
Symantec, McAfee hope raising virus-definition fees will move users to suites.
Beta search app creates vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's security.
EAGLES 27, GIANTS 6: The Eagles, in the playoffs for the fifth consecutive year, are the third team since 1978 to win its division in Game 11.
Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) leader Mahmoud Abbas arrived in Jordan on Sunday in an attempt to seek international support for January #39;s landmark elections.
And in Week 12, Terrell Owens paused to become just another Eagle contributing to just another victory. No controversy. No ceremony.
AP - Cleveland at Los Angeles Clippers (10:30 p.m. EST). LeBron James is averaging 26.6 points for the Cavaliers.
Sony Corp. plans in 2006 to begin selling home servers for broadband and high-definition TV systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip, the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant said Monday.
Richard Branson could qualify to buy a stake in an Indian airline in his personal capacity under India #39;s existing foreign investment regulations, a top government official says.
AC Milan closed the gap on leaders Juventus to four points on Sunday after receiving a helping hand from city-rivals Internazionale.
When your defense holds an opponent to 207 yards of offense and allows only one touchdown, you should win a lot of football games.
The revitalized San Diego Chargers showed why they keep winning, and the distraught Kansas City Chiefs showed why they continue to lose.
BEIJING - More than 140 miners remained trapped in the tunnels and shafts of a coal mine in central China after an explosion Sunday that killed 25 of their colleagues, the government said.
A routine computer software upgrade has crashed 80 percent of UK government PCs at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) on Friday.
As videocassettes fade into history, a full-fledged battle is on to establish the next standard of DVDs which could open up a new realm of possibilities in interactive home entertainment.
Defending champion Peter Lonard charged home with five late birdies to win the centenary Australian Open by a single shot on Sunday.
PC World - Beta search app creates vulnerabilities that may threaten your data's\  security.
PC World - Epson's Photo Fine technology promises vivid, crisp colors on digital\  camera LCDs.
PC World - Belkin's Pre-N wireless networking line also dramatically improves\  range--even for 802.11b and 802.11g gear.
PC World - Symantec, McAfee hope raising virus-definition fees will move users to\  suites.
A database of badger DNA is being created to help catch people who illegally bait the animals and dig their setts.
WHEN someone as colourful as the Chairman of the Virgin group, Sir Richard Branson, comes visiting there is bound to be some fun and games.
TOKYO: Toshiba said on Monday it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures, Warner Bros.
South Korea on Monday slapped a temporary ban on the import and sale of plasma display panels made by Japan #39;s Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.
Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira will miss the champions #39; crunch game against Premier League leaders Chelsea next month through suspension, the Football Association said on Monday.
If ever there were a time for the Chargers offense to panic, this was it. In fact, it seemed as if the group already was a bit unnerved.
Stuart Appleby #39;s golf game was a notch away from its best and that was the difference between winning and finishing second at the Australian Open golf tournament here yesterday.
Leaders of 13 Southeast and Northeast Asian states Monday underlined their determination to turn growing economic power into political influence by establishing a new summit-level grouping.
Members of the Sinhala and Tamil communities have clashed again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus left one person dead.
Heineken buys a majority stake in Nigerian brewer Consolidated Breweries, boosting its position in Africa's second-largest market.
A trouble-free day for Franck and Giancarlo as they completed almost 200 laps of Barcelona.
Southeast Asian leaders have opened a two-day summit in Laos aimed at creating an economic community in six years and expanding free trade agreements with Asia #39;s largest economies.
The news was good for many retailers over the holiday weekend as enthusiastic consumers took to stores in droves on Black Friday and bought at a higher rate than last year.
Several Web sites recently began offering software promising ringtones and screen savers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned 
Sharman 'encouraged' illegal file-trading, lawyers allege
Phone companies are not doing enough to warn about net rogue-dialling scams, says the UK telecoms watchdog.
Reuters - A German singer who plays Snow White has lost her job at Dresden's\Christmas market after posing for nude photos in a bathtub, Bild newspaper says.
UK physicists finish a crucial element of a device that will probe the forces that shape our Universe.
More than 100 whales and dolphins die in two separate beachings in islands off Tasmania in Australia.
Sinhalas and Tamils clash again in eastern Sri Lanka after a grenade attack on a bus leaves one person dead.
India reach 48-1 at tea in reply to South Africa's 305 on day two of the second Test.
Phone companies are not doing enough to warn customers about internet "rogue-dialling" scams, watchdog Icstis warns.
The two astronauts aboard the International Space Station moved the Soyuz spacecraft that brought them to the orbiting outpost to prepare for a pair of spacewalks to be conducted next year.
Four games without a win, and two away matches coming up before a home date with a resurgent Manchester City, have put a new complexion on their season.
It #39;s hard to believe that only a month ago, the New York Giants were 5-2 and sitting a realistic two games behind the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC East race.
Jarvis Green capped the Patriots #39; domination when he recov ered the slip pery ball in the end zone against a team known for its own defensive touchdowns.
Romania #39;s ruling ex-communists scored a wafer-thin victory over opposition centrists in Sunday #39;s parliamentary vote, according to partial official results.
An ambitious project to catalog life in the ocean shows that so far we've just scratched the surface. By Stephen Leahy.
Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, talks space and the future with James Cameron for Wired magazine.
Australias current account deficit widened to a record level in the third quarter, putting downward pressure on the nations fast-growing economy and sending the countrys currency lower.
Microsoft is hoping to beat the fraudsters and trace large-scale counterfeiters of Windows XP OEM with a free checking and replacement scheme for users.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard says Sunday #39;s win over Arsenal can help galvanise the Reds for a run up the English Premiership table.
AFP - Myanmar's detained democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has had her period of house arrest extended by another year, her opposition party and officials said.
Home loan approvals in October fell to their lowest levels in nearly five years, according to figures released this morning by the Bank of England, confirming that the housing 
Five record companies are suing Sharman Networks, creator of the file-swapping technology Kazaa, for music piracy in Australia #39;s Federal Court.
Australian record companies, including the world's four major labels, are suing the firm behind the Kazaa file-sharing software.
Whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the CBI, which wants the former.
Roechling Industrie Verwaltung GmbH said Monday it has sold its majority stake in German defense and industrial group Rheinmetall AG for an undisclosed sum.
Viruses and worms just keep getting smarter and more devious. While the best defense is not opening e-mail attachments, you still need a solid antivirus program.
Exit polls in key Romanian elections are showing a likely win for the ruling Social Democrats. But as in Ukraine, the opposition has demanded an investigation into voting irregularities.
SiliconValley.com - IBM today plans to disclose details of a project to put a supercomputer on a chip.
Germany's defence ministry investigates claims of abuse of soldiers by superior officers at a unit in Bavaria.
Massively parallel, 64-bit POWER-based processor to debut at ISSCC
Some computers can beat grandmasters at chess. &lt;br&gt;Others can compose music.
The 12th edition of this genealogy program comes in three editions -- Standard, Deluxe and Collector's -- but the core program is identical in all.
The Indian army says it has overrun scores of camps in a four-week drive against separatists in the north-east.
The US-Russian crew of the international space station successfully re-docked a spaceship at a new port on the station Monday in preparation for two spacewalks early next year.
Toshiba Corp. said on Monday it had won support for the HD DVD optical disc standard from Warner Bros. Studios, Paramount Pictures, Universal Pictures 
Specifically, the companies confirmed that Cell is a multicore chip comprising a 64-bit Power processor core and multiple synergistic processor cores capable of massive floating point processing.
Gasoline and milk aren #39;t the only things that cost more these days. The cost of keeping your antivirus software current has been rising, also.
Iraqi forces backed by US and British troops killed 17 gunmen and wounded nine others in battles in the so-called  quot;triangle of death quot; south of Baghdad.
The Sudanese Government has expelled the head of Save the Children from the country and threatened the director of Oxfam with a similar fate today.
AFP - The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development called on Finland in a report to reform its labor market to boost employment, necessary to cope with an ageing population.
DETERMINATION, character and resolve are the usual words reeled off when talk turns to praising David Moyes #39;s latest Goodison revival.
AFP - The Sudanese government declared the representatives of two British humanitarian organizations persona non-grata and gave them 48 hours to leave the country.
The FA charges Bolton's El-Hadji Diouf with improper conduct after he spat at Portsmouth's Arjan de Zeeuw.
TREASURER Peter Costello warned yesterday that exporters faced a challenging year, blaming the strength of the Australian dollar for an uncomfortably large current account deficit.
The holiday season has arrived and with it the ultimate in year-end giving, bonus season on Wall Street. Top executives of the leading financial firms are now spending 
Toshiba has won a major victory in the battle to determine the standard for next-generation DVDs with the endorsement by four Hollywood studios of its High Definition-DVD format.
That appears to be the conclusion of research in this week #39;s issue of Science that assesses the effects of 17-year periodical cicadas on forest ecology.
New Zealand was in early trouble during its second innings midway through day four of the second cricket Test against Australia at the Adelaide Oval.
MADRID, Nov 28 (SW) - A few magic minutes early in the second half were enough for Real Madrid to decide their home match against Levante.
A MASSIVE rescue operation is under way off the southeast coast of Tasmania after two mysterious strandings of long-finned pilot whales and bottle-nosed dolphins within 
With smooth holiday travel along its 531 miles of road, the Pennsylvania Turnpike will continue to cycle temporary workers and managers 
IBM, Sony and Toshiba are joining forces to challenge Intel, creating a new computer chip called Cell. The three companies have been working together on Cell since 2001.
Four goals in 11 minutes allowed Real Madrid to destroy Bernd Schuster #39;s Levante and win over some frustrated fans as it secured second place in the Spanish league standings.
More than a day and a half after a deadly gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in northwest China, rescuers are losing hope of finding 141 people still trapped underground.
When Tom Coughlin growled, gritted his teeth and clenched those fists his first day on the job, he vowed these Fasselian free falls were finished.
LONDON : Schalk Burger was named Player of the Year at the International Rugby Board (IRB) awards ceremony as South Africa scooped three awards.
Herve Gaymard, farm minister and loyal backer of French President Jacques Chirac, takes over the finance ministry from Nicolas Sarkozy.
Large football clubs should not be concerned about those struggling at the lower end of the leagues, says Newcastle United chairman Freddy Shepherd.
Crude oil futures eased slightly Monday but remained close to the \$50 a barrel level amid lingering concerns about shortages of heating oil at the start of the Northern Hemisphere winter.
popular with prisoners and guards who give her  quot;kid-glove quot; treatment, a new report says. In the seven weeks since the diva of 
DESPITE the budget deficit, continued increases in oil and consumer prices, the economy, as measured by gross domestic product, grew by 6.3 percent in the third 
AP - Sony Corp. plans to begin selling home servers for broadband and high-definition TV systems powered by a revolutionary new computer chip in 2006, the Japanese electronics and entertainment giant said Monday.
Yoshihide Fujii, president and chief executive officer of Tokyoba Digital Media Network Co., speaks during a press conference in Tokyo, Monday, Nov. 29, 2004.
Favored Russia has captured the Fed Cup tennis title for the first time, with a dramatic 3-2 win over defending champion France in Moscow.
LONDON, Nov 29 (SW) - The English Football Association has confirmed Bolton Wanderers striker El Hadji Diouf had been charged with improper conduct.
AP - The Philadelphia Eagles once again have home field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs. And once again, nothing less than a trip to the Super Bowl will be considered a success.
Reuters - The weather predictions for Asia in\2050 read like a script from a doomsday movie.
A screensaver targeting spam-related websites could help drive spammers out of business.
Ring tones are so yesterday. If wireless companies have their way, the next multibillion-dollar surprise in the cellular business will be "Ringback" tones.
Scientists name an asteroid after the professor responsible for the failed Beagle 2 mission to Mars.
Asian equities were higher as the dollar clawed above last week #39;s record low against the euro and firmed against the yen, sending shipping and steel shares higher.
The Expedition 10 crewmembers successfully relocated a Soyuz spacecraft at the International Space Station this morning, setting the stage for their upcoming spacewalks.
Low initial shipment figures for Sony #39;s forthcoming PlayStation Portable are down to a decision to focus on manufacturing the profitable PlayStation 2 hardware, according to a spokesperson for the Japanese giant.
Some 80,000 computers at the Department for Work and Pensions went down during  #39;a routine software upgrade #39; of its Microsoft machines this week.
Flanker Schalk Burger was named the International Rugby Board (IRB) #39;s player of the year as South Africa swept the top honours at a ceremony in London.
Chile #39;s government said that tens of thousands of people were tortured during the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet and that the victims will receive reparations.
The failure of a communications satellite on Sunday has knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications, according to a statement posted on the company's web site.
A move is afoot to form an industry consortium to buy about 40 patents that are among the assets of bankrupt Commerce One.
The row between South African President Thabo Mbeki and Archbishop Desmond Tutu worsens.
Palestinian democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti joins the race to replace Yasser Arafat as Palestinian president.
The chip that will power the PlayStation 3 is said to be up to 10 times faster than current processors.
Playing their fifth game in eight days, the Tar Heels get 23 points from Jawad Williams to beat Southern California, 97-65.
As the court met on whether the election results should be nullified, there were two other significant developments.
&lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Seeds of disaster
The International Atomic Energy Agency adopted a resolution today welcoming Iran's suspension of its nuclear program but said it would continue to monitor it.
A judge ordered former state Sen. Guy Velella and four others to return to jail today, but the defense promised an immediate appeal.
BellSouth Corp. on Monday said Mark Feidler will become chief operating officer on Jan. 1 amid a reshuffling of several higher-level executives.
NEW YORK (Dow Jones/AP) -- Video-game maker Atari Inc. said Monday it named James Caparro president and chief executive officer, effective immediately.
The three partners involved in the development of the Cell processor, which will power the PlayStation 3 along with a number of other devices, have unveiled new details about the technology behind the chip.
MediaCoat unlocks the potential for placing targeted advertising messages that are certain to be noticed on the play side of motion picture, music, gaming and software discs.
Three proponents of the WS-Reliability standard late last week released messaging software based on the specification as open source.
Double Olympic rowing champion James Cracknell is to take a year out of the sport but hopes to return to compete at the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
People selling items over the internet or through newspaper adverts are warned of a sophisticated fraudulent payment scam.
GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Brett Favre will be hoping his 200th consecutive start turns out better than his last two have against the St.
The board of European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co. met Monday to consider plans to launch a new Airbus passenger jet that would rival Boeing Co.
An international summit to assess how countries are complying with a convention banning land-mine use, production, stockpiling, and transfer is underway in Nairobi.
 CHICAGO, (Sports Network) - The Chicago Bears are expected  to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.
Two of Southeast Asias newest leaders called for faster economic integration at an annual meeting Sunday, saying the region risked being trampled by China and India if it did not act.
President George W. Bush picked Carlos Gutierrez, who rose from being a political refugee from Cuba to chairman and chief executive of Kellogg Co.
Sony and IBM are expected to start producing the Cell, a 4GHz chip the two companies have been working together on for the past three years.
James Cracknell, the double Olympic gold medal winning rower, confirmed today that he will take a year #39;s break the sport before deciding his long-term future.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has asked conservative members of the Anglican Church not to belittle or harass homosexuals, a British newspaper reported Sunday.
The level of foreign investment in Vietnam is rising but foreign donors say the country's government needs to tackle corruption and improve infrastructure.
Atari has appointed entertainment industry veteran James Caparro President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately, it was announced today by Bruno Bonnell, Chairman and Chief Creative Officer of the Company.
The failure of the Indian Government and an American corporation to tackle the after-effects of one of the worst industrial accidents in history has left a legacy of continuing pollution 
Provoked by the rising rate of hate crimes against homosexuals in England, the Archbishop of Canterbury issued a 4 page letter warning the Anglican world against the language of hatred to gays.
Coach Joe Gibbs says he thoroughly evaluate the Redskins, particularly an offense that finished among the league's worst, now that the season is over for Washington.
StarBand is hoping to provide temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
Sony and IBM have introduced the first workstation based on the Cell processor, which they jointly developed in partnership with Toshiba.
(Sports Network) - Rashard Lewis scored 22 points to lead the Seattle SuperSonics to a 103-95 win over the Indiana Pacers at KeyArena.
Internet Explorer's problems can be traced to Microsoft's shortsightedness during the browser wars of the 1990s. Is the company sowing tomorrow's security woes today?\
The four companies developing the Cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.
Takeover target National Foods came in for a stinging attack yesterday from Fonterra strategy director Graham Stuart. In an aggressive move aimed at lowering market expectations of what Fonterra 
The countdown is underway for the next flyby of the Saturian moon Titan for Monday, December 13, 2004 by the Cassini spacecraft expected to yield more detailed imaging 
The 10-year-old son of King Abdullah II now stands as the legitimate heir to the Jordanian throne, after the monarch stripped his half-brother of the title of crown prince.
AP - Democrat John Edwards is pondering his future as his tenure as a North Carolina senator winds down, but says even his campaign for vice president fit his view of public service.
A disappointing holiday sales forecast from Wal-Mart is dragging on blue chips, while Apple Computer is a bright light on Wall Street.
Big game hunters may be off the hook in the latest twist of a prehistoric whodunit that tries to explain why bison populations sharply crashed thousands of years ago.
The chairman of food giant Kellogg, Cuban-born Carlos Gutierrez, is named new US Commerce Secretary.
Warnings of a poor Christmas for High Street retailers in the UK are unduly pessimistic, according to accountants Deloitte  Touche.
Worries over the political situation have sparked a run on Ukraine's banks, the country's central bank admits.
The holiday shopping season began with a surge in spending, but consumers faded by the end of the long Thanksgiving weekend and many retailers were facing decent but hardly impressive sales.
Fears of a falling US dollar pushed stocks lower Monday as investor concerns about rising inflation outweighed their satisfaction with a decent start to the holiday shopping season.
AP - Sirius Satellite Radio signed a deal to air the men's NCAA basketball tournament through 2007, the latest move made in an attempt to draw customers through sports programming.
AP - Free Internet-based phone calls are the newest feature of the popular Kazaa file-sharing program.
Universal said HD DVD can deliver enhanced picture and sound quality, greater storage capacity and increased interactivity. An additional benefit is backwards compatibility, allowing existing 
IBM, Sony, and Toshiba dropped some details on the co-developed next generation processor, code-named Cell, which was first announced in 2001.
Pages were defaced with text that erroneously implied that SCO would sue Microsoft for intellectual-property theft. By George V. Hulme.
PC World - StarBand is hoping to provide temporary dial-up access to affected customers.
Reuters - Scurvy wiped out nearly half of the\colonists who established one of the first French settlements\in North America 400 years ago, scientists confirmed on Monday.
AP - The Postal Service expects to handle 20 billion pieces of mail between Thanksgiving and Christmas, up slightly from last year, the agency said Monday.
AP - A robotic airplane called ScanEagle has done more than 1,000 hours of intelligence and reconnaissance work for the Marines in Iraq, its developers said.
After his first test last week in Barcelona, Giancarlo Fisichella sat down to share his thoughts about his progress so far, and his first impressions of the Renault team.
Buckyball pioneer Sir Harry Kroto slams a UK University's plans to close its chemistry department. 
WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos Gutierrez, a native of Cuba and now the chief executive officer of Kellogg Co.
IBM and Sony powered-on the much hyped  quot;Cell quot;-processor and used the opportunity to provide a few details about the chip.
Four major motion picture studios will support the HD DVD videodisk format. New Line Cinema, Paramount, Universal and Warner Bros.
A youthful Pakistan cricket squad arrived in Perth Monday night bristling with confidence at the daunting task which confronts them in the upcoming Test series against Australia.
PITTSBURGH The trial for a troubled boxer charged with shooting his then-girlfriend after a traffic mishap has been delayed until next month.
As consumers start spending on Christmas, two brokerage houses raised their estimates on Apple Computer (AAPL) stock Monday to more than US\$77, predicting 
AP - The Miami Heat are atop their division, own the best in-conference record among teams in the East and have won twice as many games as they've lost.
AP - In a videotape aired Monday, Osama bin Laden's top lieutenant vowed to continue fighting the United States until Washington changed its policies.
AFP - The death toll from a blast in a north China coal mine rose to about 50  after more than 20 bodies were found, the Xinhua news agency said.
Reuters - The United Nations must offer better\protection to 25 million civilians displaced by conflicts from\Sudan to Colombia, a report said on Friday.
A BMW executive currently in charge of the company #39;s extensive South African operations is to become the third chairman and chief executive of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars within a year.
Five former employees of Dynegy Inc., El Paso Corp. and Reliant Energy Inc. were indicted on US charges of reporting bogus energy trades.
Airbus, the European aircraft maker, is expected to receive approval within weeks from its shareholders, EADS and BAE Systems, to start marketing the planned A350 mid 
In the aftermath of its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular Wireless is selling several sets of 10 megahertz wireless licenses to two different carriers.
BETHESDA, Md. The loss of an Intelsat satellite knocked out Internet access for many customers of Starband, a McLean-based provider of online access via satellite.
With Microsoft spending most of its upgrade development time on Windows XP, it was only time before they announced plans to stop updating Windows 2000.
Internet portal Lycos has made a screensaver that endlessly requests data from sites that sell the goods and services mentioned in spam e-mail.
Sebastien Sainsbury is back in the running to take over Leeds just over a fortnight after being told by chairman Gerald Krasner his bid was dead in the water.
Cleveland Browns linebacker Andra Davis will miss the remainder of the season after tearing a ligament in his left knee during Sunday #39;s loss against the Cincinnati Bengals.
George W. Bush is a product of the Wild West myth. He sees himself as the fast-drawing sheriff who kills the bad guys and maintains order in town.
Diplomats from countries that have signed a treaty banning land-mine use, production, stockpiling, and transfer are assessing the accord #39;s impact at a conference in Nairobi.
AP - Virginia moved into The Associated Press' men's college basketball Top 25 Monday, giving the Atlantic Coast Conference a record-tying seven teams in the poll.
AP - Stanford football coach Buddy Teevens was fired after three straight losing seasons, an athletic department source said Monday on condition of anonymity.
AP - The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions' 16 free agents to re-sign.
Reuters - The Atlanta Falcons\Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year\contract extension.
AP - Barbara Zemann is a banker by trade. Now she's the first female to play for an Austrian men's hockey team.
 CHICAGO (Sports Network) - After much speculation, the  Chicago Bears officially signed quarterback Jeff George to a  one-year contract on Monday.
A New York judge throws out legal cases against more than 30 firms, accused of having aided the apartheid-era South African Government.
LAKE LOUISE, Alberta - Ken Read says the battle between Bode Miller and Hermann Maier for Alpine skiing World Cup supremacy represents one of the sporting worlds great rivalries.
Flowery Branch, GA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year contract extension.
Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers placed forward/center Scott Williams on the injured list with patella tendinitis in his left knee.
While it is risky to predict how the justices will decide, some expressed skepticism today about the case.
The ACC is close to finalizing a deal that would send Virginia to the Dec. 28 Independence Bowl in Shreveport, La., where they would likely play Oklahoma State.
Plus, few defectors in the wireless war, and Overstock's locked and loaded.
UnitedHealth Group buys Definity Health, which offers consumer-driven options.
Univision Television Group dropped a suit seeking to stop Nielsen Media Research Inc. from using a new television ratings system in Los Angeles that Univision said undercounts Hispanic viewers.
Jeff Hwang is back from a car show with three investment ideas, presented in a two-part series.
A closely watched trial that could have far-reaching implications for the person-to-person (P2P) industry has gotten underway in Australia, where the entertainment industry is seeking to prove 
The Apprentice candidates get caffeinated and catty and make the cola wars look like tea time.
A close ally of President Jacques Chirac was appointed Monday to head France #39;s powerful Finance Ministry, in a signal the French President has no intention of serving as lame duck 
This weeks Wi-Fi Planet Conference and Expo will highlight the increasing variety and sophistication of WLAN technology for the enterprise.
SBC Communications Inc., the second-biggest US local telephone company, was warned by the top communications regulator against using tariffs on Internet phone calls to hamper competition.
Another week in the NFL and, as has been the case lately, another week of quarterback roulette. As anticipated, three-year veteran Chad Hutchinson will start Sunday for the Chicago Bears 
The Green Bay Packers finally have the St. Louis Rams right where they want them: at Lambeau Field, on grass, in freezing weather.
OTTAWA - Canada #39;s current account surplus showed the first drop in almost two years in the third quarter, Statistics Canada said Monday.
The crew of the international space station has successfully re-docked a spaceship at a new port. Today #39;s maneuver is in preparation for two upcoming spacewalks.
 FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons  Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year  contract extension.
Sharp falls on the currency markets have not jolted Washington's commitment to a strong dollar, the Treasury says.
VIENTIANE, Laos South Korea and Singapore have concluded a free trade agreement at a regional summit meeting in Laos, the South Korean government announced on Monday.
Russia hopes to repay early \$10 billion or more in debts to the Paris Club of sovereign lenders and the IMF next year, a Finance Ministry source told Reuters on Monday.
The crew of the International Space Station Monday repositioned their Soyuz rescue capsule to clear the way for two space walks planned in the coming weeks.
Thierry Henry, Ronaldinho and Andrei Shevchenko are set to fight it out for the honour of being named as the FIFA World Player of the Year next month.
The Boston Red Sox have reached an agreement with backup catcher Doug Mirabelli, who would become the first of the World Series champions #39; 16 free agents to re-sign.
NewsFactor - It is a race that echoes the Beta versus VHS format competition of the 1980s. Only this time the technology is high-definition DVDs, and the stakes are even higher.
Ziff Davis - After 13 years, the Free Software Foundation will update the GPL, and the to-do list is a long one.
AP - A University of Alabama scientist and other researchers have found coral growing at extreme depths in the Gulf of Mexico  #151; on several ships sunk during World War II by Nazi submarines.
Mark your calendar. On Tuesday, Dec. 7th, about an hour before sunrise, the crescent Moon will eclipse Jupiter.
Stocks finished mixed in a volatile session Monday as investors worried that the continued fall of the US dollar would spur inflation and hurt the overall economy.
Thailand called for a global fund to finance landmine removal and aid for victims Monday at the first five-year review of the international treaty to ban landmines.
The Identity Cards Bill, published today, seeks to create by 2010 a system of ID cards with embedded chips that carry personal information and biometric identifiers.
While many high-tech firms scored well in a new study of how they treat customers online, more than a third of the surveyed companies still share personal data without permission.
Hackers compromised The SCO Group's Web page today and yesterday and posted messages apparently mocking the company's claims that it owns parts of the Linux operating system.
The failure of the Intelsat Americas-7 communications satellite yesterday knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications Inc.
Top executives from the two companies plan to host a press conference and webcast in late December or January as part of a monthlong interoperability webcast series put on by Microsoft.
Dan Agronow, vice president of technology at The Weather Channel Interactive Inc., answers readers' questions about new job opportunities and skills development.
Kilpsch's \$100 ProMedia Ultra 2.0 speakers put desktop-quality sound in a package you can lug around.
CORAL GABLES, Fla. - After years of battling for supremacy in the Big East, Miami and Virginia Tech will now do the same in the Atlantic Conference Coast.
President Bush announced Monday the nomination of Kellogg Co. Chairman and CEO Carlos Gutierrez to be secretary of Commerce, calling him  quot;an experienced manager and an innovative 
NEW YORK - The holiday selling season got off to a strong start this weekend, which means...actually, it may not mean anything at all.
FROM today, almost 75 per cent of Singapore #39;s domestic exports to South Korea, which amount to more than \$3 billion, will enjoy immediate tariff elimination.
AP - Talent was never Jeff George's problem. His personality, well, that's a different story.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Catcher Doug Mirabelli reportedly is the first of 16 free agents to re-sign with the World Series champion Boston Red Sox.
New Delhi, Nov. 29: Amnesty International, Greenpeace and other non-governmental organisations are working towards establishing a legal framework to make multinational corporations more accountable to peoples needs.
NEW YORK -- In his long career at NBC, Tom Brokaw has covered some of the remarkable events and extraordinary figures who have shaped the last quarter-century.
US President George W. Bush on Monday chose Carlos Gutierrez as his new commerce secretary to succeed Donald Evans, who announced his resignation shortly after Bush won reelection early this month.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent catcher Gary Bennett agreed Monday to a one-year contract worth \$750,000 US with the Washington-bound Expos.
Rescue teams are confident of saving most surviving whales from a pod beached off Tasmania #39;s east coast - the second mass stranding in Tasmanian waters in 24 hours.
Shares in Wal-Mart fell more than three per cent in New York on Monday, after the giant discount retailer cut its forecast for November same-store sales 
Sony revealed new details Monday on the chip that will power the next version of its PlayStation video game machine and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Sun (Quote, Chart) are scheduled to talk about their platform compatibility, spokespersons with both companies said Monday.
Brazil racked up its biggest trade surplus in history last year, but the country's export boom of everything from soybeans to automobiles is expected to ease in 2005.
BEIJING - Authorities in Central China are holding out little hope of finding alive the 116 men trapped in a coal mine in Shaanxi province.
Myanmar #39;s military rulers should end the detention of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and allow her National League for Democracy to operate, the US State Department said.
Looking for independent stock research with results?  Fredhager.com portfolio B was up 187 #37; in 2003.  Hager is setting the pace for performance again in 2004.
 HOUSTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors on Monday charged  five former natural gas traders with reporting fake prices to  industry publications in a bid to manipulate commodity prices.
Crude oil in New York rose for a fifth session as a gas leak closed two North Sea oil platforms, causing the shutdown of 205,000 barrels a day of production.
Federal prosecutors on Monday charged five former natural gas traders with reporting fake prices to industry publications in a bid to manipulate commodity prices.
The UN secretary general chooses his new chief of staff to help reform the world body at a difficult stage.
An Indonesian woman swept to sea by the tsunami is rescued by a passing ship after five days adrift.
Votes this month could mark advances in the Middle East, but history shows that democracy requires time, commitment.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has narrowly survived three parliamentary no-confidence votes sponsored by left-wing and religious opposition parties over deepening poverty in Israel.
Burma #39;s opposition party says its leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, has had her house arrest extended for another 12 months until September next year.
Hazmat:Hotzone is a networked multiplayer simulation that trains first responders to a terrorist attack.
Sun Microsystems Monday expanded its growing managed services business with an agreement to acquire SevenSpace, a small managed services company based in Ashburn, Va.
 TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (Sports Network) - Florida State and West  Virginia will meet in the Gator Bowl on New Year's Day.
The return of noted reformer Nabil Amr to Palestinian politics comes at a crucial juncture.
After signing a new six-year contract worth about \$26 million, the Pro Bowl tight end caught the winning touchdown pass for the Atlanta Falcons in a victory over New Orleans.
AP - Police believe they know the identity of the man who threw a chair in a brawl between players and fans during the Indiana-Detroit game on Nov. 19.
AP - Catcher Damian Miller's  #36;8.75 million, three-year contract with the Milwaukee Brewers was finalized Monday after team doctors allayed concerns over his health.
Facing increasing budget pressures, the US Air Force is considering asking rivals Boeing Co. (BA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Lockheed Martin Corp.
The Bush administration says the new International Atomic Energy Agency resolution on Iran shows that Tehran is increasingly isolated over its nuclear program.
 BATON ROUGE, La. (Sports Network) - LSU has named Les Miles  its new head football coach, replacing Nick Saban.
com. IBM on Monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company #39;s products for managing computer resources based on business demands.
AFP - Britain's Prince William went fox hunting, six weeks before the controversial centuries-old bloodsport is to be banned forever, a spokeswoman said.
A senior leader of the Islamic militant group Hamas says his organization will not stand in the way of an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement if it is fair for the Palestinians.
AP - Quarterback Trent Green was undergoing X-rays of his sore ribs Monday and is listed as questionable for this week's game at Oakland.
Ayman al-Zawahri, Osama Bin Laden's suspected right-hand man, appears in a video on Arab TV.
AP - It's been a long time since the San Diego Chargers played as big a game as they'll have Sunday, when they host the Denver Broncos.
Hewlett-Packard will use this week #39;s Software Universe conference in Madrid to announce a revamp of its Openview enterprise systems management software.
MPs are demanding action after a routine software upgrade at the Department for Work and Pensions left 80 of desktop PCs unable to link to core mainframe-based social security systems.
Users who fear that their Windows XP software might be counterfeit could get free legitimate replacements from Microsoft under a scheme announced last week.
THE French president promoted a staunch ally to replace a popular finance minister, strengthening his hand ahead of an expected struggle for the governing party #39;s 2007 presidential nomination.
Investor's Business Daily - A tight election and volatile stock market slowed investor enthusiasm for stock mutual funds in October, but their appetite appeared to increase in November.
Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao has rejected pressure for exchange rate reforms and criticized the United States for not doing its part to keep the dollar from weakening.
Sony announced that, in partnership with IBM and Toshiba, it is working on developing a Cell chip, which is designed to deliver high-definition content in an efficient manner.
PAKISTAN cricket coach Bob Woolmer is hoping his new look team can catch Australia by surprise when their three Test series starts next month.
If popularity was part of the criteria, Willie McGee almost certainly would be a first-ballot inductee into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Hewlett-Packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to lower the cost of running corporate computing systems.
A government laboratory and a private company announced a \$2.6 million project Monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with 
November 29, 2004 - IGN picked up Dragon Quest VIII on Saturday along side at least one full percent of the population of Japan, then rushed home to play the game.
AP - Rex Bowen, the great baseball scout who signed Bill Mazeroski, Maury Wills and Dick Groat, died at 93.
The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Monday afternoon decided that it will not submit Iran #39;s nuclear issue to the UN Security Council for discussion.
AP - In setting limits on chemicals in food and water, the Environmental Protection Agency may rely on industry tests that expose people to poisons and raise ethical questions.
AP - Brazil racked up its biggest trade surplus in history last year, but the country's export boom of everything from soybeans to automobiles is expected to ease in 2005.
Volkswagen confirms it is looking at the possibility of opening an Indian production facility, but insists it has yet to make a final decision.
This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Leading economists say US taxpayers may have to pay for a pensions shortfall at the agency that protects pensions funds.
The United Nations secretary general, Kofi Annan, said yesterday that he had not known that his son had continued receiving payments until February of this year from a Swiss inspection company 
Minneapolis (WCCO) Were you part of the shopping opener this weekend? Malls and department stores report sales were not spectacular.
Halliburton Co. said Monday a bankruptcy judge approved the final insurance settlement agreements between Halliburton subsidiaries and insurance carriers.
If hydrogen created in a nuclear reactor ever winds up fueling cars and homes and businesses decades from now, it might all owe its thanks to a pottery kiln in Salt Lake City.
November 29, 2004 - Valve announced today that it won summary judgement against Vivendi Universal Games in Valve #39;s suit regarding cyber cafe game licensing.
This latest IAEA resolution on Iran isn #39;t the result the United States wanted. Its own intense lobbying at successive IAEA Board of Governors meetings has consistently recommended that the 
Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko pursues a vote in parliament, as the crisis in Ukraine continues.
With its stock plunging, the drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give its top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over.
Severn Trent, the UK water and waste group, saw first-half profits hit by the weak US dollar, as well as a 15m pension fund charge.
Jos Mara Aznar, Spain #39;s former prime minister, accused the Socialist government yesterday of failing to investigate suspected links between Islamic terrorists and Basque separatists.
The college football season enters its final weekend on Saturday, but the suspense surrounding the Heisman Trophy is already gone.
NEW BRITAIN, Conn. -- The Stanley Works has agreed to buy Indianapolis-based Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems.
New York (Dow Jones) -- Readers of Martha Stewart #39;s flagship magazine are renewing their subscriptions at a pace well ahead of industry norms.
More than 120 whales and dolphins died after swimming on to beaches on two southern Australian islands, where rescue teams were yesterday desperately trying to prevent others becoming stranded.
President Bush on Monday nominated Carlos M. Gutierrez, among the most prominent Hispanic business executives in the United States, to be his commerce secretary 
Washington #39;s ambassador to the United Nations has urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan to promptly release all information concerning the scandal-ridden Iraq oil-for-food program.
In an aviation world of bankrupt airlines and despondent employees, the helicopter business is a relatively happy and optimistic niche.
The American chief executive of Yukos, the embattled oil producer whose top executives left Russia a week ago because they feared government prosecution, said yesterday that he  quot;fully intends 
A group of companies led by the Toshiba Corporation made a major advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard as Paramount and three other Hollywood studios announced on 
The Indiana Pacers have told law enforcement officials in Michigan that Pacers players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the brawl that 
Almost 20 years after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster, a gas leak from a Union Carbide pesticide factory in Bhopal that immediately killed 7,000 people and 
The Indiana Pacers have told law enforcement officials in Michigan that players will not submit to interviews as part of the investigation into the Nov. 19 brawl.
AP - Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
An Australian federal court has been told that Sharman Networks, the developer of file swapping technology Kazaa, is the largest music piracy system ever seen.
Reuters - Video games are so last\Christmas. This year, kids want wheels.
South-east Asian govern-ments yesterday abandoned attempts to censure Burma publicly for its human rights abuses, with officials admitting in private that they 
Ian Paisley has made a career out of obstructing efforts to find a political accommodation between Northern Ireland #39;s warring communities.
A former director of the Walt Disney Company, Richard A. Nunis, testified Monday that he deferred to the decision of Michael D. Eisner, the chief 
Stanley Works has agreed to buy Security Group Inc., a maker of locks and access systems, and said it completed the acquisition of Cal-Dor Specialties Inc.
New Internet-based technology could soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a Canadian inventor said on Monday. Vincent Tao, an engineer at Toronto #39;s York 
Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison was given the option of paying \$10,000 to get out of jail after spending almost a month locked up for failing to pay child support.
Giants rookie quarterback Eli Manning will take an 0-2 record as a pro starter into Sunday's game against the Redskins at FedEx Field.
With the Redskins sputtering through another disappointing season, the area can now enjoy a new diversion: offseason baseball maneuvering.
Australia secure a 213-run win to seal a 2-0 Test series win over New Zealand.
 TORONTO (Reuters) - New Internet-based technology could  soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a  Canadian inventor said on Monday.
Wizards guard Larry Hughes is on pace to finish with career-highs in all major categories, keying the Wizards' early-season success.
The Ravens are focusing on the positives following a 24-3 loss to the Patriots. Baltimore is still in playoff position and faces two losing teams in the next two weeks.
Julius Hodge scores 22 points to lead No. 16 North Carolina State past Purdue, 60-53, Monday night in Raleigh. The Wolfpack improve to 5-0 with the victory.
Dodgers outfielder Milton Bradley is charged with disorderly conduct after interfering with a traffic stop near Akron, Ohio.
Boston coach Doc Rivers gets a measure of revenge on his old squad as the Celtics beat the Magic, 117-101, Monday night for their first win in five games.
Justices expressed little inclination to view drug policy as an issue by which states can displace regulation of homegrown marijuana.
Much of the U.S. strategy in Iraq has become balancing a military campaign with diplomatic maneuvering and economic assistance.
PalmOne will offer a free memory card to address the problem.
Initial versions of PlayStation 3 chip will not be produced with a cutting-edge chip-making technology.
At the top of Billboard magazine's Hot Ringtones chart: Snoop Dogg and Pharrell's "Drop It Like It's Hot."
The GlobalFlyer, a single-seat airplane designed to make the first solo, nonstop, unrefueled flight around the world, is a feat of engineering.
Four Hollywood studios announced that they would release films in the group's high-definition DVD format by the end of next year, an advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard.
A report on advertising spending showed strong growth across most media in the first nine months of the year, with Internet advertising increasing the most.
A judge dismissed a lawsuit against two officers of the Oracle Corporation that accused them of insider trading before the company announced an earnings shortfall in 2001.
Australia finished off a clinical 213-run win over New Zealand just after lunch Tuesday on the fifth day of the second cricket test to secure a series sweep.
Southern California and Oklahoma stayed on course for a clash over college football #39;s national title at the Jan. 4 Orange Bowl yesterday after putting more distance between their respective No.
 DALLAS (Sports Network) - John Lucas poured in a game-high  24 points to lead No. 6 Oklahoma State over SMU, 76-57, at  Moody Coliseum.
Five former traders were indicted yesterday in Houston on charges of reporting false trades to industry newsletters to manipulate natural gas prices.
THIERRY HENRY admits he and Patrick Vieira are putting their bodies on the line to keep alive Arsenals Premiership and Champions League dreams.
Sony Corp (6758.T: Quote, Profile, Research) unveiled its first MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an 
With its stock plunging, drug giant Merck has adopted a plan that could give top executives big bonuses if the company is taken over.
Government unity seemed to crumble as the president proposed a new election and the Supreme Court heard complaints of fraud.
SINGAPORE : Singapore and India are now ready to sign a wide-raging economic agreement to boost trade and investment after resolving all outstanding issues, an official statement said.
The Federal Court in Sydney has been told the creators of the popular file-sharing software, Kazaa, cannot be held responsible if people use it to illegally swap music files.
Motorola, Inc. has announced interoperability between its MotoSync technology-enabled mobile phones and Microsoft Exchange Server 2003.
Earl Boykins scored 22 points to help the Denver Nuggets overcome the absence of Carmelo Anthony and defeat the New Orleans Hornets 76-67 on Monday night.
The body of a teenager believed to be the son of Dick Ebersol was found Monday in the wreckage of a corporate jet that crashed during takeoff.
The person insisting loudest that the Giants' offense has bigger problems than Eli Manning is Kurt Warner, the quarterback who was benched in favor of Manning.
A federal judge in New York dismissed a human rights suit yesterday against 35 major corporations that did business in South Africa under apartheid, dealing a blow to rights lawyers who have 
WASHINGTON The idea of a no-bid contract for maintaining airport security equipment has turned into a non-starter for the Transportation Security Administration.
The latest information from Square Enix on Dragon Quest VIII focuses on the dungeons, which take full advantage of the game #39;s 3-D graphics.
According to a BBC Scotland report, Smith has been in talks with the Scottish Football Association about the job which became available after German Berti Vogts resigned earlier this month.
The Transportation Security Administration yesterday said it would resume plans to seek bids for a large technology maintenance contract, ending consideration of a proposal to give the 
Food and Drug Administration whistle-blower David J. Graham believes he will soon be transferred or fired in retaliation for telling a congressional hearing that the agency is falling short 
Hewlett-Packard next year will take a fresh approach to its utility computing initiative with a product designed to reduce the cost of running corporate computing systems.
Set aside, for a moment, the Twelve Days of Christmas. And consider what the coming holiday season would be like with the Twelve Teams of Playoffs.
AP - The U.S. military said Tuesday that it was searching for three civilian crew members and three military passengers who were aboard an aircraft that went missing over Afghanistan.
At least 63 miners are known to have died after Sunday's mine explosion, with more than 100 missing.
Groups representing torture victims of Chile's former military government reject a proposed compensation deal.
No. 2 Kansas does not face much of a challenge as it rolls through an overmatched Nevada team, 85-52, on Monday night.
Brett Favre topped 20 touchdown passes for the 11th straight season in the Green Bay Packers' rout of the St. Louis Rams on Monday night.
Millions of Italian workers are expected to take part in a general strike against \$8bn in government spending cuts.
Can genetically engineered bacteria prevent tooth decay? A small biotechnology company is about to take the first step toward answering that question.
The Mets submitted a three-year guaranteed contract to Boston pitcher Pedro Martnez worth approximately \$38 million.
US retailers are expected to post modest November sales this week, with No. 1 retailer Wal-Mart Stores Inc. already cutting its holiday outlook on high oil prices and warmer weather.
Even the The Incredibles would have a hard time rescuing the Walt Disney Co. #39;s compensation committee from their current predicament.
Three large Hollywood studios are throwing their weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs, citing in part the need to stem piracy.
ADELAIDE, Nov 30: Australia crushed New Zealand by 213 runs on the final day of the second Test to complete a series clean sweep at Adelaide Oval on Tuesday.
Investigations have found that several companies inflated circulation totals and revenue in order to keep advertising rates high.
A judge yesterday dismissed a lawsuit against Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison and Chairman Jeffrey Henley that accused them of insider trading before the company announced an earnings shortfall in 2001.
The most enjoyable part of Rich Rodriguez #39;s message to his West Virginia football team yesterday was short and sweet. The Mountaineers will play in the Gator Bowl -- probably 
A Belligerent Virender Sehwag and compact Rahul Dravids unbroken century partnership on Monday shaped Indias sound reply to South Africa in the second cricket Test.
The United States military says one of its airplanes carrying six people has gone missing over Afghanistan. The plane was carrying three civilian crew members and three military passengers, a statement said.
AFP - French auto giant Renault SA said it will invest some 570 million dollars in South Korea over the next three years as part of its global strategy to become a key player in Asia.
AP - Florida A amp;M won't extend the contract of football coach Billy Joe beyond the 2005-06 season.
Internet users fed up with spam can go on the offensive by downloading a screen saver aimed at hitting junkmailers in the pocket, according to Net portal Lycos.
Brett Favre celebrated his 200th consecutive start by throwing three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers destroyed the St. Louis Rams 45-17 at Lambeau Field Monday.
One door opened and another shut Monday. In the hallway separating the two, a place better known as Cardinals purgatory, Josh McCown watched his career flash before his eyes.
A video of Princess Diana talking about her life is aired on American television.
Daring motorcycle messengers seem immune to delays in South America's largest city.
The three companies are investing billions of dollars to develop and prepare for mass production of Cell, a multicore semiconductor composed of several processors that work together to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Four US movie studios have announced their intention to release next-generation DVDs in the Toshiba-backed HD DVD format, the technology firm announced on Monday.
Beijing #39;s municipal government canceled an order for Microsoft Corp. computer software following official complaints that local governments aren #39;t buying enough domestically-developed software.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Brett Favre celebrated his 200th straight start with three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers defeated the St.
The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
After losing two no-confidence motions, PM vows he will do everything in his power to expand Coalition and avoid elections, but stressed, If we are forced to declare elections, we shall.
Four Hollywood studios announced that they would release films in a new high-definition DVD format by the end of next year, an advance in the effort to define a new DVD standard.
Martha Stewart is making big plans to return to the small screen next year following her five-month gig in a West Virginia prison.
Have you ever considered giving your  quot;true love quot; everything offered in the traditional timeless song, Twelve Days of Christmas?
Four Hollywood studios promised to support Toshiba #39;s next generation of DVD technology, due in stores next fall. The technology, called HD-DVD, is doing battle with Sony 
Since the Skulls virus hit, people are starting to become aware of the fact that cell phones are just as vulnerable to attacks as computers.
When Doc Rivers has dinner with Orlando coach Johnny Davis and Magic players Pat Garrity and Grant Hill sometime next summer, there should be some interesting conversation.
Rahul Dravid completed a solid half-century as India reached 198 for three at lunch on the third day of the second and final Test against South Africa at Eden Gardens on Tuesday.
AFP - Australia may have "innocently" exported nuclear technology to parties with weapons of mass destruction programs, Defence Minister Robert Hill said on the sidelines of an anti-proliferation forum.
Manchester Airport is the only one of the three major airports serving the Boston area that has increased its market share since 2001, according to a Boston Globe analysis of passenger data.
Is the revolution over already? I'm talking about the Internet retailing revolution, which over the past six years has changed the way much of America shops.
Research firms rode high during the high-tech boom, advising businesses to use technology to cut costs and boost efficiency.
Gold futures hit a 16-year high yesterday, continuing a bull run that has gold companies  quot;living the dream, quot; according to one industry analyst.
Three top Hollywood studios are throwing their considerable weight behind one of two competing formats for the next generation of DVDs.
Three Hollywood studios choose to use next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
AFP - Hundreds of Buddhists in southern Russia marched through snow to see and hear the Dalai Lama as he continued a long-awaited visit to the country in spite of Chinese protests.
The Patriots will meet yet another team that has a key player missing because of injury, this time on defense.
For the Patriots this weekend, it's back to Cleveland, where Bill Belichick and Scott Pioli first got together years ago.
For a team coming off back-to-back Super Bowl appearances, Chelmsford sure found itself flying under the radar coming into this season.
Density may be important in physics, but Acton-Boxboro thinks the concept is overrated -- especially when it comes to its football team.
VIENNA -- The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a plan for policing Iran's nuclear programs designed to avoid a showdown at the United Nations.
2002 Jan. President Bush describes Iraq, Iran, and North Korea as an  quot;axis of evil. quot;
CAIRO -- Osama bin Laden's top deputy vowed in a videotape aired yesterday to keep fighting the United States until Washington changes its policies.
Patriotic Americans Boycotting Anti-American Hollywood has sent letters threatening a boycott against radio stations playing the new Skinny Puppy album, The Greater Wrong of the Right.
The far north Scottsdale Target store rang up better than expected sales during the three days after Thanksgiving. At Superstition Springs Center in Mesa, Bath and Body Works sold out 
NewsFactor - The Downloader.GK Trojan was named as the worst piece of malicious code of 2004, according to Spanish anti-virus firm Panda Software.
The holiday season keeps the Hansen family busy harvesting, shipping and selling thousands of Christmas trees. However, this year the Hansens, along with 12 
Insurance broker Willis Group Holdings Ltd. (WSH) on Monday said it hired a top executive from embattled rival Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos.
Australia defeated New Zealand by a massive 213 runs on the final day of the second cricket Test at Adelaide Oval today. With this victory the Aussies have won the series.
GREEN BAY - Ahmad Carroll and Joey Thomas knew they were going to be targeted by the St. Louis Rams #39; pass- happy offense Monday night.
The Patriots can be healthy or hurting. The field can be drenched or dry. The opponent might have a stingy defense or a high-scoring offense.
Gerry Adams shook the hand of Northern Ireland Chief Constable Hugh Orde in Tony Blairs Downing Street office today, as the republican leadership and the Reverend 
What does it take to lure harried Christmas shoppers away from the malls and the prepackaged convenience of an already decorated plastic Christmas tree in a box?
For years, doctors have been relying on a vague nondiagnosis known by the acronym Ednos: eating disorder not otherwise specified.
In one young patient, unidentified stalkers seek out openings to attack the vision.
When painful medicine is involved, closeness to a patient can make for fuzzy views.
Where did the Bonneville Salt Flats of western Utah come from? Did the same thing create salt flats elsewhere?
The first weekend of holiday shopping went from red-hot to dead white, as a storm that delivered freezing, snowy weather across Colorado kept consumers at home.
Asian stocks rose in US trading. Sony Corp. gained after the world #39;s No. 2 consumer-electronics maker agreed to resolve a dispute over patents related to digital cameras.
Three Hollywood studios have chosen to embrace next-generation DVD technology backed by Toshiba, snubbing a rival product promoted by Sony.
Matthew Pinsent has already been guaranteed an influential position in the International Olympic Committee following his expected retirement from rowing, Standard Sport can reveal today.
whose face has become famous as police have sought for more than a week to identify him -- finally has a name. Auburn Hills police said Monday that 
Before lineup introductions, NC State men #39;s basketball coach Herb Sendek pulls each one of his starters aside and offers a word.
AP - A U.S. Army soldier died from injuries sustained after a roadside bomb exploded next to his patrol north of Baghdad, the military said Tuesday.
The government of Sudan is delaying the expulsion of country directors of two British-based aid agencies it has accused of making statements that suggest support for rebels.
The Indian army says Burmese troops have begun an offensive to flush out Indian rebel bases in their territory.
The holiday shopping season began with a surge in spending, but consumers faded by the long Thanksgiving weekends close and many retailers were facing decent but hardly impressive sales.
US oil prices hovered just below \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks.
Wal-Mart asked an appeals court to overturn a ruling allowing 1.6 million female workers seeking billions of dollars in back pay to sue the company for discrimination as a group.
Federal indictments were unsealed yesterday accusing five former natural-gas traders at three Houston energy companies of reporting fake trades to industry publications.
BellSouth Corp. (NYSE: BLS - message board) today named Mark Feidler as its new chief operating officer, along with a host of other executive changes.
At first glance, the statistics sheet from last nights basketball game against Nevada indicates that Kansas played exceptionally well defensively.
The UN nuclear agency agreed yesterday on a European-negotiated plan for policing Iran #39;s nuclear programs. The United States, which claims Iran is trying to build a nuclear 
Carlos Gutierrez, whose family fled Castro, will head administration efforts to revive the manufacturing sector. By Associated Press.
Excitement on Friday as the holiday shopping season got underway cooled before the weekend #39;s close as cautious shoppers browsed and let many deals pass.
Hyperion said it hopes to encourage other firms to join its clean-driving campaign and has launched a group called the Companies for Clean Air Consortium.
New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was quick to praise Ricky Ponting #39;s Australia side after the Black Caps were beaten by 213 runs in the second Test in Adelaide.
Three years ago, Ted Leland thought he had found the right offensive mind for Stanford in coach Buddy Teevens. The results eventually told the athletic director otherwise, and Teevens was 
Maybe the most unpleasant Ankara-Brussels meeting since the Justice and Development Party (AKP) came to power in 2002 was held in The Hague last week.
 MANILA (Reuters) - About 100 people have died in a northern  Philippine town following floods and landslides caused by heavy  rain, a local official said on Tuesday.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian parliamentary speaker Boris  Gryzlov said Tuesday Ukraine was headed for breakup or  bloodshed over its deadlocked presidential election.
A top Iranian cleric hails a "victory" over the US after the UN said it would not punish Iran with sanctions.
Two key meetings are set to take place as efforts intensify to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland.
African governments are failing to act to cut greenhouse gas emissions, Kenya's Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai says.
The City University of New York tapped BusinessWeek editor Stephen B. Shepard late yesterday to lead its new graduate school of journalism, set to open in 2006.
The governor of Wisconsin proclaimed it Brett Favre Day yesterday and the night belonged to the Green Bay Packers quarterback, too.
At least 63 miners have been killed in the Chenjiashan coal mine gas explosion in Northwest China #39;s Shaanxi Province and more than 100 miners remained trapped underground.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labour Party with a tentative offer to join his shaky coalition, in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.
ON-LOAN Liverpool striker El Hadji Diouf is facing a three-match ban after his latest spitting controversy drew widespread disgust from the football world.
The speedy GeForce Go 6800 mobile graphics chip from NVidia helps power high-end, wide-screen notebooks. Plus: new Microsoft accounting software.
A year after Congress enacted the CAN-SPAM legislation, our tests show that unsubscribing from marketing e-mail can still be hard.
The speedy GeForce Go 6800 mobile graphics chip from NVidia helps power high-end, wide-screen notebooks. Plus: new Microsoft accounting software.
AP - The Dalai Lama arrived Monday for his first visit to Russia in 10 years after Moscow abruptly reversed its refusal to grant the Tibetan spiritual leader entry.
US scientists say they have made a breakthrough in their quest to make low-cost hydrogen, possibly a step toward finding new sources of energy to end US dependence on foreign oil.
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approached the opposition Labor party with a tentative offer to join his coalition in hopes of avoiding early elections and saving his Gaza withdrawal plan.
The Russian government has allowed the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, to visit the country despite longstanding opposition from China.
South Africa's ruling party tries to soothe the tempers of President Thabo Mbeki and Archbishop Desmond Tutu.
Sun Microsystems Inc. announced yesterday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire a small IT outsourcing company - SevenSpace.
Public borrowing is set to rise and the government will need to raise taxes or reduce spending to decisively cut the deficit, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development says.
Three of the nation #39;s top 10 personal computer manufacturers will likely leave the market by 2007 because of slower growth and reduced profits in the industry, a research firm predicted Monday.
The SFA have tried to play down speculation Smith (right) had been offered the job on Monday but his appointment would come as little surprise.
Hygiene-to-security group Rentokil Initial has warned of further tough trading next year and announced plans to sell part of its hygiene division.
Sun Microsystems is buying IT services company SevenSpace for an undisclosed amount of cash, helping to expand its support for operating systems outside of Solaris.
When it comes to searching, more is not always better. Data experts are honing topic maps to better classify the information that's out there. By John Gartner.
