what is rq?
How long should i study for a exam?
What are 5 adaptations for jaguars?
Please Help?
if at magnetic north with a compass are all directions south?
what fabrics are most flame resistant?
How was the moon created?
more math woes?
formula for sq. footage 14ft.x15ft.?
whats 15 % of $145,000,00?
Is there any way to eliminate the earth's magnetic field?
What about  solar flares disrupt earth telecommunications?
what Chinese sign would be on the year 1980?
What was the temperature on Feb 6, 1971 in Philadelphia PA?
how does motor oil affect the soil?
how many leaves on a tree?
What killed all the dinosaurs?  Why did it happen?
Filariasis?
what is pyramid city?
is it true a fart can be flammable?
go kart engine?
what are the units of tablet hardness?
how is salt a conducter of electricity?
Would you need to wash a teflon suit?
Standard Deviation - In Plain English?
Why is  water a very special substance?
What does it mean Evclide's space?
why is it that clock only has 12 numbers?
does water melt fire?
Do plants know our love for them?
why is that some men fart when they pee?
how can i explain the following in words?
why is the sky blue ????
what is the constellation gemini's nickname?
What is molecular compund?
anyone know of any paranormal incidents In Pa?
what is a good ocean protection slogan?
old beliefs related to moons and eclipses?
is titanium more expensive than gold?
Bird Reproduction?
3 Basic Physics Questions?
does a thin liquid boil faster than a thick liquid?
How does a plane get the oxygen for the passengers?
What is the molecular formula for the gas ?
cost effective measures of wetlands?
How different is our DNA from that of dogs?
where are genes located?
Anyone know the composition of 87 Octane gasloine?
What is the highest mountain in the middle east?
what is the Mayan Calendar?
Prokaryotic metabolism????
Is aluminum sulfide insoluble or soluble?
Heartbreaks?
how many beans make 5?
Do you believe the continents were once one big land mass?
biology question on pea plants?
hi. I'm trying to find a program?
how to find initial rate in an enzyme catalysis experiment?
End points of a graph?
Anyone know what this pitcher is?
help please?
Does the mineral Topaz leave a clear streak?
what does anomoly mean?
this is a weird question x]?
what is the pacific oceans climate?
cube root of -64?
The "tú" form of you is used?
which jobs are available after HSC science?
What does "running title" mean?
Can someone help me with my math problem?
Do flowers typically have an even or odd number of petals?
How do you calculate the magnitude of the lunar tidal bulge?
Simply this problem?
what is urenium enrichment?
Why is aerobic respiration is more efficient?
I need information on magnets for science homework.?
where is the deepest mine in the world?
dihedral group(abstract algebra)?
x+7 square root of x - 18 = 0?
Can a huge hurricane be aborted?
what is an animal unit?
how do you convert grams to millilitres?
How come people have really deformed finger nails?
What are some pros of animal testing?
what is the definition of work in science?
whats the heaviest element know today?
Who designed the sears tower?
which phase of mitosis takes the longest amount of time?
equation question...?
use of barium 131 in diagnosis?
Golden Gate Bridge problem?
vertebrate circulatory systems?
what is heredity?
Need Help(JP3 Fan)?
mathematical representation of archimedes principle?
How big is a nautical mile?
Could people please tell me what nanofiltration is?
Which animal lays the largest egg in the world?
greaterthan50                                               percentsuccessof eecp?
where is the isle of man?
Where does the medical community seek online answers?
basic concepts about circuit analysis?
what can a E.T look like ?
how do i make a tornado?
In which of the following materials is the velocity of light greatest?
Combustion of methanol?
How we can find the harmonic mean of a grouped data?
How do find the surface area of a partially filled sphere?
what is 48 inches in metric measurement?
science homework help \nplease?
Cigarettes Question...?
Rusting is an example of a...?
What is a worm hole?
what does a savanah look like (pictures)?
How many centimeters does a plant grow in a day?
How many light years away is Sirius ?
Can anyone List 8 of the Developing Nations?
what is the scentific name  for kurd?
Linear & Quadratic Models?
What are the strongest, 2nd strongest and the 3rd strongest metal?
What is twin paradox?
trioses tetroses pentoses structure function?
Can someone tell me more about plasmas?
do every reaction to deliver energy release heat?
Simple Harmonic Motion?
Why did Kathleen leave hi-5 australia?
foctors which affect the mind?
Where the water will come from 25 years from now?
how to get zip code of any us city?
How can I locate Stan Winston?
what are stream deposited sediments called ?
steam on a window will ?
finally a question that makes you ??
Anyone seen a celebrities to day?
Word Problem, please help?
dose any body know the measurement of a cord of wood?
Cheap Beer?
can spiders be homosexual?
Does anyone know if Vanessa del Rio has any other recorded work?
mileys new fanmail?
i want indian singwirter list?
Please help me w this maths prob:?
what is "skokkian"?
why do rubber bands stretch and go back to their original size?
OK. Who will win in the following team battle:?
what is meant by Equilibrium?
Working with mole calculations?
what is the chemical formula of sodium azide?
What is a real example of sustainable agriculture being done?
Do you enjoy answering questions that make absolutely no sense whatsoever?
Can someone please fill in the blank to this science question?
What is your favorite John Cusack movie and why?
do you belive the world is ending?
movie and book??
Which judge on American Idol do you like best????
Is there a formula to calculate Area/Volume of plasma?
Which site will post the free videos of latest indian films?
What is the true meaning of math?
How do you solve a math problem by using substitution?
What is your idea of beautiful?
Song in the "Bailey's" ad.?
Name somebody on t.v. that you think is crazy?
names of all the beatles?
Gravitational lensing?
Riddle Numero Cinco?
what is the result of meiosis?
Does anyone like Scarlett johansson?
how much would you pay to meet supernanny?
Question about the movie Titanic?
What is the refractive index of blood?
anyone feel fat?
Is the action in World Wrestling Entertainment a real one?
|3x + 4| - 7 = 18?
Tomato Can!?
How many bones do penguins have?
What website can I look for a science experiment on bubble gum?
Anyone seen Uptown Girls?
what is the relation between amino acid & DNA & RNA?
How could i write a trinomial with degree 5?
Is there an easy to understand calculus course on DVD?
What was Rocky's First Name?
fluorescent microscope?
what did albert einstein invent?
How do you find the GCF of a monomial?
Great lines from movies or t.v.?
any body know maths?
how stupid do u think u r?
Who is the Hottest?
how bell ring?
Aromatic molecules have either long straight or branched carbon skeleton?
the 1st person 2 answer right gets 10 pts.?
Where i can find free latest Kannada MP3's?
examples of chemical magic?
Could I play ...?
where do i find the human version of the Simpsons?
does anyone know karl pilkington?
Why didnt the rain fall up on opposite day???
what causes a coal mine to explode or collapse?
What is chaos theory?
Very tricky math issue?
Answer to Pi[x]er?
what ozone layer compose of?
best kiss?
How can I make a red laser beam visible?
what part of the circulatory system does aids effect?
jodie foster?????????
Do u ever shop at the dollar store?
What is your favorite movie phrase?
Do you like Beyonce?
Physics 1 Question?
Volume of a slightly irregular Tetrahedron?
Out of questions.  What is your favorite candy?
Out of curiosity...?
can elephants really fly?
love hard rock metal?
Does anyone knowsome famous black latinos????
What makes glass a birefringent material?
who founded the star arcturus?
"Things to Do In Denver When You're Dead"?
does anyone know what happened to the ym magazine?
Anyone know any smooth studying music? electronica preferably?
What is the outermost part of the suns atmosphere called?
Are polor bears an endangered species??
surfing or snorkeling?
Biotechnology can be divided into how many categories ?
What do you do better than anyone else?
how long is a string?
how many earthquakes happen in Massachusetts each year?
Have some biology questions...?
Do YOU know what you did last summer ... ?
who was the band on SNL last night?
Who other than Jim Carey could carry the role of Ace Ventura?
Forensic Science Career?
Any summer cd ideas? i need help please!?
does any 1 know this song ???
Who's better Cher or Madonna?
Sally: knock knock?
what is going on in the mathematical world right now?
what is mosque?
is it the teachers or the kids.?
grammar rules?
What is the best place to find Geography textbooks?
Help with concentration!?
Do you floss regularly?
Are viruses irritable?
I watched Independence Day last night.?
simple methods to how to loose weight?
Whats the answer to m-13>29?
How old are the band members in crossfade?
how do u accelerate a proton .?
What is the longest place name in the world?
What is this song called?
which animal's eyes are always open?
How large was the largest turkey ever raised or eaten?
lost preview?
Does the sun gradually make you hair darker or lighter?
Does it bother anyone else...?
Why did Jackie French write Hitler's Daughter?
How do I make a homemade flashlight ?
Which statement is correct reguarding a refracting telescope?
do u like cherish?
any kurt angle fans?
Does mice  or other animals have blood groups as in humans?
can you please find a pie graph on Kansas?
list of medical colleges in china with addresses.?
Help!!!!!!!!?
Is it OK 2 have reservations for women in India?
organization of biochemist in Alberta?
is it right to say:i never wear beard?
what is the name of the vanessa calton song?
What is the mascot for Marble Falls School?
title of song?
What's going to happen on July 3rd?
what is 818.52 rounded to the nearest cent?
define the term human resource?
On Youtube.com, what does xD mean?
When is the next meteor shower for Western Europe?
how does carbon help us?
what is analytical method?
are you mad at cramer?
What is your best animal?
Will Howard Stern's new show be streamed online?
Does anybody know any good songs about science, or scientists?
Is there life after death?
Did the families that traveled on the underground railroad travel together?
what is the health specification needed to become a commercial pilot?
Does anyone here watch Spongebob Squarepants?
how much does proactive cost?
what common mistakes do you see in most public speakers today?
How to get rid of nerves?
what is ether?
How do you say the following in Urdu, please translate!?
does any one know how varina davis died?
Why dose the black have very beautiful white teeth?
What does Utricularia vulgaris mean?
Why is this AC rated in tons?
Geometry Help!!?
Who was in the kitchen with Dina?
why? is it gravity has no poles?
How would you get out of this?
where can i find a mineral resource map of australia?
Classmate Issues?
What r the prime #s?
Name this song please!!!?
how many US states have the letter "x" in them?
Are there still think tanks - How do you get in one?
how do ducks reroduce?
what is time?
what is the meanin of ZUBEEN?
how many people are addicted to video games?
How many of you like eighties hair metal ?
one liners?
What brings you back?
How many people live in U.S.A?
how do i build a catapult?
great answers guys, here's another one!?
what is 37 degrees C in Farenheit?
his jamaica a rich coutry?
favourite bond movie?
WHY do we have atria?
state the 3 outer covering of the kidney?
is the international space station complete?
What is omarions phone number?
Does anybody recognize the music on this website:?
why don't rabbits play football?
why is the sky colored blue?
How big are moth balls?
Professor earnings?
who made that new song tu amor?
How to pronounce correct american english?
what is the easy way to get a scholarship?
Howmany pounds does Saturn Weigh?
Is there a place below hell??
what kind of people do you like?
tell me what is a good way to fight something demonic?
how can i chat?
weather in dharamshala?
that movie Gigli?
How to get percentage?
Who else identifies with Lucifer Bringer of Light?
How do I get into concert/fefstival promotions?
Whars the earliest living organism?
connections between physical and cognitive development?
Puzzle of the week:?
Why did God let Hurricane Katrina destroy New Orleans?
why do people want to fit in?
What do you think about the automatic flush in public restrooms?
Compare and contrast XML and database.?
question about guitar and changing strings?
Are u new to yahoo?
can animals and plants be farmed in the ocean?
Basement Jaxx?
why is the sky  blue?
what are some homophone pairs??
song from the Lexus advert?
What is psychological adaptation?
Which eye colour do men prefer?
Saint Andrew is celebrated Romania tomorrow......?
What Do all living organisms do under enviornmental stress?
what is a baby quokka called?
How can students best use technology in college?
what animals are endangered in asia?
Waht is the obsession with text messaging?
Complete the Following ..?!?
who listens to rap ?
what should i take a bath or shower ?
What are your plans for the Calgary Stampede?
do u learn more watching educational   TV or reading?
can showering with untreated water make you ill?
What were you doing when Kennedy was assassinated?
Can anyone tell me a really funny joke?
what's the deal with propose ring n wedding ring?
What is "Critical Mass"?
do you watch supernatural?
What movie is this quote from?
Is mind dominated by thought or the mind possessed the thought?
do you like your teacher?
How much does it usually cost for a therapist?
whats the difference between pre- and post-?
Fentanyl Patch?
oldies fans?
baby has a perfect round sore what could it be?
do you think it is wrong to be a junkie lesbian?
How do you stop your nails from splitting and being so thin?
why does it hurt to get kicked in the groin?
Algebra problem?
does drink green apple juice in the morning can lose weight?
Can u help me find a song?
Why does Comedy Central suck so much?
various types of features to include in a firms customer interaction system?
what is somaclonal variation in tissue culture?
ok i asked and now i ask again?
whats your favorite jerry springer show?
What publications do student financial aid directors read?
is Jesus the snake or the apple in genesis?
What are the 3 laws of thermodynamics?
what is the best way to lose weight?
Song PLZ?? anyone know the name.?
Pink Vaginal Discharge Question?
Where can I find out about up and coming concert tours?
How can you avoid gossip?
What happens when a women turns 40?
why were priests important to the israelites?
Why has God not sent any messengers since Muhammad?
Y I'm getting negative points?
how dotted condoms are said to give more pleasure?
How has my avatar changed?
guys help me, i want to gain weight quick!!?
what are some websites that give statistics on issues relevant to Christianity?
Why is WantSum attacking me?
Whats ur favorite T.V show and why?
How much did it cost to build the Carnival Paradise ship?
how can varicocele be cured?
♥Who is y0ur favorite Celebrity!?
How does chlorophyll helps plants in making food?
What is Lipan? A demon?
Blue Pirnt Reading?
i want to laernning english.haw?
music mixing ?
why did the blonde have lipstick on her steering wheel?
how to stay longer in sex?
Can you show me list of all colleges in Maharashtra, India?
Do those pills work?
why are there so many porn websites?
What kind of accordion can play fast passages?
Fundamentalist Christianity - fascinating.?
can we buy morning after pill over the counter in UK?
how do you graph 6x+2y=9?
Where is the University of Arizona located?
hospitals...?
what elements is glucose made of?
how does a hopkins lens rod system work?
Need to find an organization that assist with chilcare.?
Do anybody know what pink cookies in a plastic bag mean?
Calling All MATH PPL!!!?
Why do clowns hate tangelos?
Why is there synthetic iron oxide in some toothpastes?
what should i do........?
How do you say "KING"  in other languages?
French and Japanese, which one is easier to for beginner?
This is so unfair! Do you agree?
Scientifically Speaking...?
What does "get back up" mean in?
Does anybody know tour dates for Daddy Yankee?
Youtube video?
what actually causes schizophrenia?
joke for U?
How can I lose the fat around my waist and stomach?
who is your favorite movie character?
If you died tomorrow would you be happy?
Which one is better? (See details?)?
What are the thirteeth step toward riches?
looking for geeky essays?
what are the forces acting between two or more photons?
why do most women believe in baby killing aka abortion?
dose anyone believe in the supernatural?
do daytraders make money?
Physics Problems?
Is sense of humor closely connected with intelligence or not?
What do I do further after Engineering?
What does a Magnitude mean when a earthquake happens?
Does anybody know who this is?
how do the interiors of lds temples look like?
What is canned music?
what happens before and after taking cisapride?
Whats The Weather Like:?
why am i better looking than half of the worlds population?
what is the nature of healthy food?
liturgical calendar?
How is the sun used to separate salt from saltwater?
Anyone know anything about eyes?
What is the difference between cabbage and lettuce?
What Do Your Overseas Friends Think of America These Days?
what does "slag" mean?
What is difference between a King and a Sultan?
How does a plane fly?
What do you pick?
a site to make nice christmas decorations?
hi i need ur help me now?
I have a question to ask?
Words on Christmas & New year card for people in business relationship?
Whats a really funny movie?
what does dattebayo means in japanese?
What type of exercises to do to cure acid reflux ?
How many calories should I be consuming as a runner?
does anybody have guardian life dental insurance?
American vs Canadian views on Christianity?
Is Peter Frampton the man?
can fleas lay eggs inside your skin?
Where are the best bilingual dictionaries on the web?
How many people can play Bunco at one  time?
What did Wilhelm Konrad invent?
Analyzing this web site?
merry christmas in other languages???
are girl also do mast rube?
depo provera?
How many ways can Fossils form?
what are dangers of the human genome project?
what is the nature of education in the Philippines?
has anyone seen " A Knight's Tale?"?
which earthquake is the most famous?
does anyone know what i can do?
Love Religion?
what is 1/6 + 3/8?
phd degree in vastushashtra?
is porn prostitution or acting?
How chemistry has been providing facilities to us?
Question for Mormons ?
how to study in a better fashion?
Do kids today still high-five?
Why is th subject line so important in an e-mail?
fractions to a percent please help?
How many blood transfusions are performed each year in California?
anyone else like Progressive/Power Metal?
how do you un-magnetize a magnet?
how is gay.i hat gey people.?
How do u conjugate spanish verbs into tenses?
is this good so far?
When was country music first created?
What is Your favorite worse from the Bible?
In what nation was the Truman Doctrine applied first?
What is the different stability between minerals?
Calculus help!?
What do you think of Goal's, Kuno Becker?
Is 36 too old to try to start a Music career?
what is the meaning of nihira?
How can people not understand who Jesus is?
Help. I saw God the other day....?
Will you be here on the 27th of November 2006?
How do I respond to someones answer to a question?
where did the last name corona originate?
where can I take the IO test?
effects of inline game addiction?
who likes the new real world/road rules challenge?
trying to find pearl river community  collage?
favorite simpsons character who arent the simpsons?
Can you get sick from eating expired swiss cheese?
The Wit and the Wisdom of Homer J Simpson?
What the best comedy movie of the decade?
Are mechanical or electrical components more reliable?
isotopes help?
Is the birth control pill safe over 50?
what is the best way to search for colleges of your interest?
When will Faith Hill release a Christmas album?
What's your favorite OLD Madonna song?
can anybody give me info on "wicca?"?
how do you solve multi-step equations?
is Ash sutable for bacchan family.?
i think my ex is going to commit suicide?
Why does a bean grow faster with water than with cooking oil?
should i stop wearing underwear?
If tomorrow NEVER comes, was yesterday ever here?
what is the numbers?
When was Confirmation instituted?
What's it gonna take to kill Green Day?
how to pass a drug test?
Why do some people grind their teeth when they sleep?
Does anyone really believe the theroy of Evolution?
Do identical Twins have identical DNA?
I am from Arkansas, where is everyone from?
how can i gain computer/network confidence?
What was disclosed concerning McDonald's french fries?
How does the Bible explain dinosaurs?
which hollywood actress is the sexiest of all?
where is meinhiesen?
What color does Xenon emit in Neon signs?
What is/how do I do a content analysis?
Is there any greek celebrations today on March 3rd?
what has happened to 360?
Is the human male species doomed?
What careeer field is better Marketing or Social Work and Why?
A Bond Poll?
Best excercise to flatten your stomach?
song title?
how many centimeters are in a decimeter?
what are you gonna do on new year eve?
can any one help me?
What inventions do you think your children will be amazed at?
what is the third world country?Second,and first?
what is purpil   and integumentary?
How to I get bio-hazard certified?
which way does water go down the drain in the northern hemisphere?
how many people die in dentist chair?
what are the importance of solutions in chemistry?
Word Problem?
John Lennon fans out there?
How do really know if you have been called to preach?
am a fitness trainer?
To you guys, What woud be the Ultimate sacrifice!?
Who is your favorite Actor/actress?
is sun chlorella really good for you?
what are the other term for the word legislation?
doncella definition?
Name 5 disadvantages of chains.?
What is the molarity of NaCl?
Help Me arrange guitar tab to play on a piano?
how do i write a two proof colum?
How to get rid of excess gas produced in stomach ?
what is the etymology of fugitive?
What is information technology in scientific terms?
when is LHC inauguration?
how  do geniuses  look at problems?
what is the speed of darkness?
where can i get pure lead at?
Funny idea?
Who other langueage u speak?
How about majoring English literature for a living?
anyone recently had roux n y surgery?
But doesn´t everybody die of asphyxiation?
-35 degrees farheinen=        degrees centigrade?
Addicted to exercise?
For people who have graduated high school....?
Have you seen the movie 'school of rock' ?
history of agriculture?
what do i do now?
does china shrink cream work?
In which Ancient or current Religion was homosexualtiy considered holy?
Why do young boys turn gay?
Is it possible to throw an egg on cement and break it?
who is interested in becoming host families for international students?
What would you use to dilute water?
How to apply for a SS#?
What do you call a scientists that studies rocks and minerals?
How does your age affect your frequency hearing range?
Who I will be when I grow up ?
Would you rather...?
Physics - NEWTON's first law and related?
how do you find this limit?
What is more important today, Real News or Entertainment news?
what'a meaning of " what a pox"?
what does ufs means when used in memos?
what is the name of this song?
What is Vertigo and what causes it?
is pony type of horse or other breed???
What happened on Desperate Housewifes on Sunday?
Can I still apply for a university or college course?
defination of Baccalaureate?
Don't ya just love hypocrites?
The question is at detailes?
Who is that guy?
Question for atheists, Why?
What movie is this from?
Teachers, Principals, and school officials please help?
Earth South  Pole?
homework help!!!!?
What are two of Benjamin Franklin's inventions?
how many MLA's are there in hyderabad?
Who offers Correspondance M Ed Course in Kerala?
What age was u exposed to sex?
Is laser therapy safe for treating myopia?
where do you have your LGBT tattoo?
Who would win a Nijawizard or a Jedi?
the subdivisions of physical science?
telling story in a book?
i am  so shy in entering a big university..help?
Do you believe in miracles?
whats anisotropic in chemistry?
What's the best present you can give yourself in Christmas?
How do spirogyra breathe?
What was the fastest land speed in a care ever recorded?
what do you want to learn the most in first aid?
I think I am mentally distrubed by my experience?
what are apple seeds good for?
what medicinal uses are there for clove??
What's the fairy tale your life most resembles?
What was the downfall of the Maya?????
prayers for sick child?
NOLVADEX  do you anything about it please?
What's your worst childhood memory?
which do you like better?
Weird pain and tingling in arm?
what size of shoe are you and where are you from?
what is the conclusion for consumer protection act 1986?
prove that circles do or don't have sides?
Does anyone read the Magazine 'Shonen Jump'?
Trivia for you.?
what your favorite verse in the bible ?
which way does the compass show in poles?does it rotate?
Question about ECG?
HBO's Entourage?
Which among these tv show hosts do you like the most?
I really need help on my creative writing assignment?
Why is cuckoo spit, called cuckoo spit?
which r nice songs of u2?
can anyone help me i have a candiru infection.?
where is the subliminal messages in the exorcist?
Any simple excerices beside sit-ups?
Whats your fav colour and worst colour?
how 2 study 4 a history test?
Should I take Creatine?
Why people act the way they are?
How long were soldiers normally in Vietnam before returning home?
Anagram! First to solve gets 10 points!?
When will I get diabetes?
A use for Gamma Rays?
I have trouble walking.  Will an eeg tell why?
who is the director of  rules of attraction?
when did looney tunes came out?
is there really any tenth planet in universe or solar system?
can you have a triangle with 2 obtuse angles?
I need happy medicine, Please Help!!!??
Free GED courses online?
How do you feel about Christians?
is there any bonding session during pregnancy..explain?
what do u feel about  god?
Fractional question?
Simple question!?
how are stars formed?
More about the Trinity theory?
what was the name of the first satellite?
anyone want to go out?
whats inside masjid al haram?
how much is is gold worth?
what kindof workouts tone ur whole body?
Why do drivers...?
Apology where we can apply?
shampoo in dundruff?
who is the hottest honey here ?
does biology fall under the category of college of natural science?
how did papa smurf get his red cap?
why children's day is in 14th of november?
who sings "the colors are all the same"?
whats the definition of OTRUSION?
Star Wars ep. II underground bar scene?
Why is too much salt bad for you??
Want Fun ?
Do you make up long stories in your head?
Why do frijoles give you gas?
how do I lear typing fast?
Does anyone know what CSA stands for?
Mathematics = (Beauty+truth)/( challenging)?
Can you use student loan money for personal usage?
what is GIS?
how do you speak mexican?
Can i gain weight in a healthy way?
Did someone  know they wore lipstick the color of a tongue?
Define electical engineering?
2A    (this is a matrix equation)?
What animal is the most badass?
What makes you feel fabulous?
Borat: Funny or Offensive?
What is your favorite kind of music ?
Why don't electrochemical cells last forever?
This is not meant to be racially offensive!?
what is the difference between a nebula and a black hole?
Whats the best way to handle anxiety attacks??
Does gold rust?
can a dinosaur foot turn into a rock?
who likes pump it ?
Where can I find a good  bum and thigh exercise?
June??????
What is a possible cause for having blood in your stool?
How can I swim in a pool??
who is your favorite crooner and what song?
What are the five greatest moments of triumph in modern film?
Do devout Jewish men get bald spots?
What are A2 exams?
Interracial Relationships?
My family and eating!?
menstrual period question?
is there a chemical inbalance in gay people?
nickelback?
what day is feb 16 on 1998?
what is meant by testamentary expenses?
what is a good 10x50 astronomical binocular?
How long does recovery take after a hysterectomy?
what happens at a phi kappa phi initiation ceremony?
example of idiomatic expressions?
do cows have top and bottom teeth?
how to play the keyboard?
Should the Clergy Preach Politics?
maternity  nursing home care?
Will white rice really make your stomach big?
which education level is higher?
any one know any website to learn script english?
where can i find the movie " prime" script for free?
Could biting my tongue cause a sore neck (not throat)?
Curing Cancer through Holistic Healing?
how many ppl hate chain letters?
vote here!!!!!?
Do U Prefer ??
Why is HIV Aids still treating  the existence of mankind?
Do you believe in ghosts?
do marijuana increase pupil size?
why are relationships hard?
what is suma kum lati on graduation?
Anyone know french?
What was the most insightful question you have seen on here?
whats this song?
How Long is ANY peice of String?
What do you eat when you have no appetite?
what is the plural form of fetus?
How hard it's to manage nuclear reactor?
Is the Blair Witch Project really based on a true story?
Can someone help me with my Government homework?
Where is Jamaica Located?
what the name of the reggaeton song?
is it possible to get cold sores in your throat?
has anyone seen a fish christams tree topper?
Complex Analysis, Poles and Residues?
what does reinstituted means?
Is murder by numbers movie a horror?
How does light travel in the vacuume (space)?
Does Michael Moore tell lies and half truths in his documentaries?
Should I smoke weed?
what is a succubus?
Whats the best way to lose weight?
what is 70002x24521?
Miley Cyrus Vs Carrie Underwood in a pistol duel?
How many gonads are in a sea urchin?
Doctor Office?
what are 10 skills a person can have or develop?
What dvd are best to use when copying movies?
which is better star wars or star trek?
School interview vs holiday?????
my brother and suicide?
malaysian univercity?
How should I do my hair today?
What do you think?
Are blinking or flashing lights a migraine trigger for you?
Where does Jupiter's internal energy come from?
how do I unstress while at work?
Help solving logarithm?
Was Jesus bi-sexual?
How can i get rid of headache?
does any1 here like miley cyrus?
Science proves that the environmental pollution greatly contribute to natural disasters.?
Has anything you've done made your life better?
kerosene equation problem?
Do Sit-ups Really make your stomach flat?
how to manage time efectively?
can some one explain newton's twin paradox theory?
Examine why medical professionals establish the blood type of the donor?
any info about colasvelte?
What are some stereotypes of Danish people?
how tall is eva longoria?
What is the font used on the cover of us weekly?
Why chilred have often Diarrhea then adults?
High school verses College?
Where can I find 3d patterns to make different geometric shapes?
did anyone see stranger than fiction?
i  went to the doctors today-?
how do you prononuce the greek alphabet?
What wouldn't you ever stop doing?
need info on homeschooling where do i go?
Does religion begin in mysticism & end in politics?
How long would it take to get a Phd?
What is the best feeling in the world?
what are the content in the carbide inserts?
what is the status on medical research on HIV AIDS so far?
What is the pain reliever Veganin?
Do you prefer to mock someone or use sarcasm?
can you host pics on yahoo?
Feminine diapers for convenience?
wut is relativity?
do you like the the song year 3000 or poor unfortunate souls?
What is a "degree Baumé"?
can a girl be born with no orgasam?
This one is for Mariette R?
Safe neighbourhoods in Los Angeles??
for women only?
Do you want share any good jokes with all of us?
anwser this......?
which is the best site for listening MLTR songs?
What si the atomic number of oxygen??
Biology Major?
What 19th century chemist revived the Greek idea of atomism?
Which Indian state has larger coastline?
where do bogan moths go in the day time?
what is the six senses?
What are the advantages of active filters over passive filters?
Proper pronunciation?
I need some healthy snack ideas-for diabetics?
why wont they let black people pass the SADs?
Good Morning everyone!  What are yo doing this morning?
Name of Loretta Young Christmas movie?
shud i actually tell my mother..?
pick a # between 1-100?
is melbourne expensive ?
is a square rotationally symmetrical?
has anyone heard of full metal alchemist?
What do bees and stores do with honey?
am i bi or not?
What are sedd crystals?
I'm scared of having my pierod should I be?
What does everybody think of goths?
what are personal living benefits for the disabled?
What is a disappointment in your life?
The best TV show to get hooked on and why??
which free email account is able to setup in outlook?
until what age can a man have sexual intercourse?
who loves in australia???
Is high school musical  coming out of dvd or video?
How can I stop a sneeze?
What are some things that Germany imports and exports?
why do men cheat?
Is it possible to be Gothic and Christian at the same time?
Tinnitus problems?
What are the physical properties of fluid?
What remains after drugs have been metabolized?
how often does Christmas fall on a Sunday?
why is Penetration hard when I'm on top?
Scholarship HELP please!?
was i really wrong or was it racial pro?
Like me should you be working instead of answering these questions?
Does anybody know this scripture??
what do you think about french people?
What is the longest word in the english language?
Why won't you read the book?
Learning a language using Audio CD's only?
How can I ask politely?
who wants to come to my wedding?
Who is the world's highest paid actress?
Is Sara Paxton related to Bill Paxton?
Why can't you tickle yourself?
when magnesium and oxygen combine what is the formula?
what is the importance of reading?
whirligig chapter answers?
does any one know how to make this?
Why do all of the heads on US coins face one way?
lord of teh flies?
Does this exercise work??
if earth rotated the opposite direction...?
Does anybody watch 7th Heaven and if so do you like it?
the mystery of the bermuda triangle?
Is November packed with to many events?
am off work ill should i go back to work next week?
I got a concussion at basket ball practice and...?
Why do  most grown man act like children?
Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
Stretch marks?
which language comes first, Arabic Language or English?
what makes vicks vapor rub work on toenail fungus?
What are the voltages and frequency used in China?
Lets save the chickens right?
What does this mean3?
Ask a question on any topic and get answers from  people.?
Who likes music?
how do you treat pink eye?
Frozen Shoulder?
indian celebrities?
question from cross dresser?
What comes next in this sequence?
My mom's suffering from chickenpox?
who were Lincolns generals in the civil war?
why do people have a foot fetish?
How to vector a virus?
Friction question?
Where can I find research findings?
How to prevent bulimia?
Do examinations do more harm than good?
does anyone watch charmed?
What colour of light affect plant growth?
Which alphabet has more characters in it, Chinese or Japanese?
Christmas Gifts?
Some insects have developed unique survival tricks, give examples also.?
I'm homeless and sleep in my car.?
Please tell me what  "mordified" means please?
what is the best way to learn good English?
How do I change my photo?
How many gyz work out?
what is geometry of sri yantra?
What are the top ten largest moons by mass?
any successful treatment available for viltaligo?
psoreasis-what works ?
Do you know where Oprah Winfrey went to college?
what is name of herb most popular in the world?
Why does this section get all the?
why do some men have very low sex drive?
Country Music?
what does white elephant mean?
How can I build up my stamina?
How to graph?
Word problem to solve?
which is more easier to give....?
How can I find full text legal articles on internet?
why is undressed(shaved) chicken known as dressed chicken?
wow! I got balls?
How many unique first name, last name combinations are there ?
health please help?
Psychologist typical duties  and task are?
What's the funniest joke ever?
what kind of clothing do Mexicans usually and traditionally wear?
Does anyone out there know Oraline M. P.?
what does dyke mean?
Is Satan really just God's negative side?
ACNE PRODUCTs?
How do I ? .....?
I need some websites to visit for info please?
Should I seek a second opinion?
What's your favorite dance song?
Why are most people so ignorant towards the LGBT Community?
Nitrogen Monoxide reaction?
What happened to Donovan McNabb?
Sleeping while his eyes are open?
Latina buttocks?
Improper integrals?
Do Hurricanes rotate because the Earth rotates?
What's another name for Gremlins?
gay cruising places in baton rouge?
essay contests?
Why does Pi never change?
what is the change in the physiology if you have SARS ?
how do you regulate the carbonation levels in soda or water?
three characters of obedience?
Why does a teacher want to know what the students expectations are?
do your eyeballs stay the same size throughout your life?
Do you think this will work to lose fat?
what's the difference between fog and mist?
Why are people so freakin' stupid?
Amazing in Bed?
AFLP on date palm research papers?
When does light moving through space, become time?
how do you give a persuasive speech?
Identify a chromozome?
What does "mockingbirds" poem by Mary Oliver trying say?
if i ask you not to, will you still look?
Will Tdap injection hurt?
How can I find out what insect I have just found?
Should I work or do community service?
do you know the rules for indoor badminton?
Is there a scientific basis to Soul?
who can sovle dis problem in physics?
Disney princesses?
what do you know about air-sea gas transfer?
Why do Black people not tip?
What is the difference of terrorism and freedom fighting?
What are some natural ways to regulate your estrogen level?
herpes zoster?
Spider bites?
Is the area where you live depressing and how so?
how do doctors use chemistry in there jobs?
whats themeaning of stop and smell the roses?
can women go through menopause at 35?
what is the best way to catch a firefly?
Why it’s failure?
is "had become" and "have known" passive voice?
What does "e" mean in an equation?
Is there a Jewish community service?
Can i get a answer on the views of Bath university.?
Can anyone give me some good weight loss advice?
Quotes about friendship growing into more?
Why do they call camels "Ships of the desert"?
how can i longer my height?
Who or what is the hardest but most effective teacher?
beseem feghali web site?
How does Leptosclerosis affect Humans?
drug and herbal interactions?
What are examples of metallic bonds?
Where can i get lots of pictures of Raven Symone?
Have you ever practiced telepathy? example? experience?
tonyhawk project 8?
Is red wine good for your heart?
Homeostasis means?
What are some different regions in China were they farm rice?
is there anyway to increase orgasm time for men?
what do you know about neworleans?
i need to make an essay about an illness?
Why do people try and make run of my race?
What is the deepest depth of an ocean?
what is the square footage of 13x3 feet?
What is your current personal headline?
what causes sugardiabetes?
does anybody in vegas know a friend of mine?
If you stop eating at 6pm , does that really help?
how to diet / lose weight ?
Why sexual relations with close ones are not regarded?
who was the longest coma?
How could someone make themself pass out if they wanted to?
advantages of watching movie?
Who like that TV show called Yo Momma?
what does the name "Anna" mean?
Ipod shuffle not palying song?
How does a basic reel lawn mower work?
Who is a perfet HINDU?
what is the formula weight for zinc sulfide?
What is your favorite Star Trek show?
What is a good way to help with protection of endangered species?
Christianity in crisis, Spanish edition?
Do we have a body on the other side?
Ever used xenical?
Would financial aid still cover if I attend school part-time?
Part II of the Roman Empire......?
I'm going out tomorrow night....?
in which biological branch i can study deeply about aids.?
branded pc vs clone pc?
What is the percentage of 9/16?
Is the earth getting lighter or heavyer?
what is the best file sharing software?
Is your best friend addicted to Yahoo answers?
What's that strange object in the sky?
Which one is better: Small colleges or big universities?
when did the band crossfade form?
why dose mw music fade in and out when playing?
what are the main functions of sea ports?
how to lose 10 punds in a month?
What are some cools ideas for New Year's resolutions?
where is kenet?
what percent of the earth's surface is covered by water?
can I get 500 points with this question ?
What do you think about the Japanese culture?
Can somebody give me an outline of Phillip's Conquests?
how old do u have to be to join a local gym?
Is there any Animation college in India?
why is math important when dealing with pharmacology?
Can you help me with this?
In what year was the radio invented?
What is the name of this song?
What happens once a cemetery reaches maximum capacity?
Hey what is Oprah Winfrey....?
how do you find acceleration?
What movie is this song from?
Are there any good christian punk bands?
how will i a sieze from a cancerous one?
what qualification i need to get job in isro?
What would happen if James Bond and Laura Croft teamed up?
what are the fundamental quantities of physics?
Do you live alone?
what is the study of thunder called ?
What is the standard English pronunciation?
what is prostate cancer?
why are we shiver?
Are you the black sheep in your family?
what are some weird facts about switzerland?
when is the shortest day and how is it calculated?
Prayer requests?
How can I lose 4 pants sizes through this whole summer??
Would India be considered as a part of asia?
When does Chinese New Year start this year?
what rhymes with orange?
what is da best excuse 4 no homework?
Re-take LSAT? Need life guidance.?
Mansion In Heaven?
How many molesare there in .05 grams of copper?
Greatest Guitarist?
rascal flatts?
Do white women have a harder time with child bearing?
Do you miss the 1990s?
What chromosome is affected in Down Syndrome?
What was the capital of Turkey before Ankara.?
is there such a thing as national identity ?
are the black eyed peas christians?
do you have an imaginary band?
Why do some whites not admit they are racist?
Does anybody know...?
Whats in area 51?
Why is a Nun called a Nun?
is it phsical or emotional?
Can I take my cake and eat it too?
Insurance Agent In Southern California?
te amo.....?
law school after pharmacy school?
Converting rotary movement to linear movement?
Why are celebrities so rich?
Why don't I have a boul movement everyday?
Where is Kovalam?
Physics Conservation of Angular Momentum?
what do you think is more important, knowledge or an imagination?
divison plez help?
why we are giving glycerine coating on paper?
Is this healthy?
Does a wheel turn or roll?
where is visionary?
what is systems engineering capability?
subtract 12 square root 1/3 - square root 27?
How strong is the attractive force of the nucleus on electrons?
Is a gyn. exam painful.?
What is your sign?
Who coined the term  "Ghandhigiri"?
i can't stop scratiching?
where could i get the red violin?
How many gallons of water are in the ocean?
Biology project help!!!!!?
St. Louis Madrid?
what do you mean by this phrase gentlemen prefer blondes?
why do we use variables to write measurement formulas?
how to prepare for MCA?
what is the name of this song?
maths exam tomorrow need help now!?!?
where is God? I need advice?
Favorite Oasis song other than Wonderwall?
How long the rocket takes to travel from Earth to the Moon?
Interests are difficult...?
Why is it so hard?
Anyone here have a sibling or offspring  with autism or PDD?
Abdominal pain?
secondary boarding schools in california?
To how many does the Bible hold out hope of heavenly life?
Electric Train?
i need math help...?
What movie was this scene from?
What can you give your entire attention to?
University choice?
i had sex when i was 12?
What is the coolest people label ....?
How to do speed-reading?
what is the name of the song.....?
How many of you are drinking or smoking dope right now?
Why Do People NEED Celebrities??
Cheesy riddle 2?
why do clouds float?
spread of language and religon?
What happens when hydrogen reacts with a nonmetal element?
whats the artist and name?
is self-prayer arrogant?
How much money does an oncologist make normally in 1 year?
which is the largest river basin of India ?
Enlighten Me...?
Have you felt more betrayed?
Will you help me spread the word?
Who is Mike Jones?
Position Relativity?
Calculating specific activity.?
What is the best and worst thing about Christianity?
is tetracycline-induced hearing loss reversible?
What kind of fair project can i do for my science?
Workman's Comp Payment?
Pain from wisdom tooth?
your mama?!?
what are the main reasons why people get plastic sugery?
which state has the lowest academic rating?
laws to restrict industries from not renewing water?
why is the ocean salty?
Who or what do you think built the Pyramids of Egypt?
who am i? who am i?
practical jokes????
anyone know the title of this song?
witch names?
please help?
i had my period 2 weeks before it was supposed to come?
what are the latest trends of education?
How is it that Scientology has such a strong following?
when was yahoo published?
What do you think is the difference between stress and pressure?
What is "Lasik"?
Hepatitis B and cunnilingus?
Cephalocaudal perception?
Why are humans not considered good organisms for genetic studies?
why is it important to know how the body works?
who is ruby bridges?
Have you seen this movie?
What's the current temperature where you live?
what are tombstones/headstones made up?
Can I offer an apology?
why we feel sad?
girls feet?
the origins of "the bird"?
Should we pay to use tap water in our houses?
r there really 9 lives for cats?
how can i meet a good girl?
how does it go ??
Does anyone have a copy of the brand new TOOL album?
highest elevation in state of Missouri?
How many horses have you?
Does it bother guys if a girl asks them out?
Need street address for Jeremy Wade Dover, Lincoln,Alabama?
Math Puzzle?
is this saying true?
Research Paper?
What is Karma Sutra?
i just broke up with my boyfriend 3 weeks ago,?
If your glove didnt fit would you acquit?
Chemistry Question -?
how can you tell if a person is gay?
what will be happen in 2020?
Can You Read This?!?
will she meet me?
What would you do ?
If you made an assertion, what are you doing?
what is a good way to lose your stomach?
Green tea-good for for the plumbing?
how old is penny on the proud family?
Please tell me what are the signs for these birthdays?
Can a torn ribcage muscle cause back pain?
did it hurt you wen u had sex the first time?
Finding a long lost friend???
I had my Toenail removed?
What is James Blunt's Wisemen about?
What do you think heaven will be like?
What will HAPPEN in the Year "2012"?
Is religion the opiot of the masses?
How do you make your own website for free?
How many people out there are on this site while at work?
What will your first bite of Thanksgiving dinner be?
Another Deep Question,?
Why do chicks always?
Who watches the Celebrity Paranormal Project?
What are some current great accomplishments of Homosexuals?
Why is this a violation???
help required?
What is that christmas song about the red shoes?
How much does a lower body lift cost?
how can I make 100  in college tests?
Should we follow Elton John's advice and ban religion?
What TV character are you most like?
why i should be offered a scholarship?
I need help translaating a letter from English to Spanish?
what is the Lewis dot structure for potassium bromide?
What does the #'s 81 and 184 stand for?
The Great Adventure?
images of sole proprietorship?
I want to tell someone that they are rude?
who is better lil kim or remy ma?
What is true freedom?
how to control our mind which cant be stable?
How did you meet that special someone?
How to court a snob girl?
Have you ever had a wet dream at work ?
I Have a really tough Relativity Question?
is maturbation ok?
Does any one know of any haunted places or stories,Ohio?
what is the meaning of word" bugianen"?
What does the word ruku mean?
How much sleep do we really need?
Ladies and Gentlemen How about this.It is true?
How do i stop my migraines?
Three Men and a Hotel...?
How many different species live on or in the human body?
what is your favorite smell?
what is the nursing intervention for alteration in gas exchange?
Can I get any good info on Mt. St. Helens?
What do you know about memory?
Chess Board?
Please help me!?
I can't seem to get out of this Depression?
what does log mean?
What type of insect is this?
What was th eworst date you ever went on?
assassination of lenin?
can the beachbody give the results it guarentees?
what does cocoa butter do to stretch marks?
is there any harm to swallow epsom salt?
which law violates second law of thermodynamics?
how old is pee wee gonzalez?
If you could have A dream date who would it be?
Orlando Bloom as Paris or as Will Turner?
where can i find a list of complex carbs?
looking for artist and song title from 80's club scene?
Which wave length is larger, excitation or emission?
Can you explain me this paragraph?
Do you know what is Costa Rica?
is  hart surgery dangerus?
How to approach A Booty Call about Testing for HIV?
Is it the best man for the job or the best color?
Which word was created first?  Anus  or Uranus?
What is the remedy for Genital Wharts?
have u ever read the story Romeo and Juliet?
how to get rid of hiccups?
What were Trojan soldiers famous for?
Have you or anyone you know ever had endoscopic surgery?
Britney Spears is getting divorced, does this surprise you ?
what is the most?
objective on cyber terrorism?
What is the Smallest known Insect in the world?
Does excess masturbating effect sperm production?
What is the toughest part about being a Christian???
What are the physical benefits of sparring with a punching bag?
Naruto. Doesn't it rock?
How do I become more of myself?
what is 3/8-3/10?
website for Johnathon Richmond?
i want to love?
hangover tips for son of god?
should I  make my bed?
Does evil happen because good people do nothing?
locker slam?
witch do you think is better Korn or slipknot?
Are you single or married??
My age is 23,how can I increase my penis size?
free tutorial on complex numbers?
tell me about sweethart scams?
What happened to UK pop idol?
how could we get  away from gravity and magnetism?
are we all gonna die on 6/6/06?
wh will i find a school project on global warming.?
How is a motorcycle like a train when turnning?
Easy Question?
Are there any animals other than humans that spread sexually transmitted disease?
How effective is massage in relieving stress?
do i get fat from cooked potatoes ?
Can those so called paid surveys realy be legit??
what does it mean if i have cramps after sex?
What are the three things the pope knows?
What is another word for "thesaurus"?
Where can i take a free online IQ test?
why do snails die with salt?
Office Policy?
if guys masturbate regularly, can their seal break?
any good sites or ideas about Christmas crafts?
what is the fullform of 'OK"????
why are amiericans so strickt and religious?
how much.........?
please help me?
where can i find black silk cologne?
Islam & Valentine's Day?
how many heart beats in a lifetime a person has?
website were i can view my neighborhood from satellite?
Who likes the Finnish band HIM ?
It is a very nice believer song isnt it?
What to do, what to do...?
how to get a man in 1 week to marry?
do tree roots purify water? how?
what are the two parts ?
which country is best to do MBA?
When should a teacher retire?
How many songs have you rated on Launchcast?
How many people in the world die each day?
where can i get Stem cells treatment for my ms?
will you ask me any question about why i believe in god?
How many women out there have colored their hair while pregnant?
If you love someone with all of your heart...?
Who would agree that women should cover themselves up when in public?
Why do Muslims "recite" the Quran?
On average how much money do you make a month after taxes?
American do like the british.?
How do u impress ur GF?
What it do?
why does your family tend to turn on you?
what is your favorite colour?
what is the most dangerous place in the oceans?
how do you get a guy to notice or like you?
What  is  the  most  expensive  fluid  in  the  World?
any one 4m pakistan or sargodha?
What is your defintion of asian pride?
My husband always hot tempered?
Have you ever prayed for the world's penguins?
where do you buy hydrogen gas?
Why is the child albino?
Once a cheater always a cheater?
How do i know if  she likes me?
Thinking about suicide.....?
which Island Countries belong to the melanesian group?
who is sexyer  Romeo or Bow wow?
Coughing???
can you love youre own cousin?
was the wolf in the 3 little pigs mean?
Which one is ur favuorite Animated Movie?
why are lesbians more jealous than straight men??
boys only?
Is your tongue in your cheek?
what is the recovery rate of a torn meniscus?
Does anyone else see the piont in paying for music?
any one know derek thurman?
are there any  puerto rican boys in here?
How can you make Sequences and Series easier?
what does an early childhood develpoment major become?
How do I handle myself????
Does it work?? help?
dose any one know where to find music videos for spm?
LADIES, What will be the perfect proposal?
Can Spontaneous combustion and stigmata really happen?
(only guys answer ).y he does that?
Do you think that uncertainty principle is science?
what was the year that black history month started?
how many times is too much (S E X)?
Has Hillary Rodham Clinton ever had an abortion?
What happens to a snake if it gets cut up?
What is most important-Career, family, friends, money?
What does I.Q Means?
Trainers slung by their lases over telephone wires. Why?
silly stupid fraction question?
What is the plural of the word Ax?
are you more afraid of dying or the pain of it?
We are all Americans!!?
smoking cigarettes?
What is the best book you have ever read?
Are therre any surviving celtic languages?
linear equation help?
What is your definition of a Holy war?
lesson plan for subject orientation in chemistry?
anyone watch the american music awards last night?
If the bible is the word of God...?
Can you make a Connection to this Article?
Where can I find trailers of upcoming films?
i need these words translated please  if anybody could?
song on CSI: miami?
What exactly happened when I was 13 with two girls?
Can Muslims do ANYTHING in Paradise?
I have the free Boost mobile chirp code?
ladies...which one would you rather have?
Wedding Day?
have you ever been told?
How do neurons convey electrochemical information throughout the body?
Can you guess this one?&#92;?
Who here hates Christmas!?
Riddle me this? (See Details)?
does anyone have any information on space stations outside of the US?
Do you know I love you guys?
What if your hobby is interfing with Jr. High?
do they charge you in a mental institute?
How many elementary schools are in the state of Florida?
What is the greatest invention ever?
How would illgeal immigration affect education in public schools?
Why do bird not fall of their perch when a sleep?
R younger men Immature?
how can i make fun of a samoan?
Would Christians consider everybody before Jesus' time innocent?
Confused about life..?
can masturbatiion cause cancer?
Which field of Chemistry do u like most?
Love stops?
Does anyone have a good name for a rock band?
Is that move "Deliverance" a true story?
Why would anyone not want their women to be clean shaven?
What does "yall" means?
Is it weird not to have a boyfriend at 13?
How can you cure urinary incontenence?
what words have gone in english over past thirty years?
Men and women, What do they ...?
Whats the best way to blow 50 bucks???
StarTrek...was ahead of its time.?
Identify some performance measurment tools?
Which city is larger, in terms of geographical area?
What is hypertrichosis?
Bleeding when I shouldn't be??
is water good for your health?
How can i find a psychology research paper topic?
complement fixation test (procedure)?
how can I get amazing sex with my love ?
Do you generally give people the benefit of the doubt?
What cologne for men do you like best?
What was your most ungrateful experience?
Read Below- The question is about dating.?
what is the sound of shlT happening?
what does your prostate do?
Breakfast Club Movie Song Question?
What is the difference between cancer and lukima?
define rhizome?
what is fpga technology??
How do you tell if your friends are lying to you?
when was moharram observed in 2006?
is is possible to watched live TV on the internet?
When is Laguna Beach, season 3 premiering?
Who believes in Christianity?
Complaint letter what do you think of this?
lambeosaurus?
Identify this bird.?
intergrate ln sinhx?
why does the chicken cross the road?
Does it seem like Americans have nothing interesting to talk about?
x+2(x+1)=40?
Have there been any recorded instances of Time Travel?
WHY do men like to control their wives  ?
Obsessed about something...?
can i use babylotion instead of sun screen lotion?
A man walks into a bar?
What does "bath tile scrubbing" mean?
In naruto what episode does the time gap start?
Why ppl are so rude?
Is mass just spinning lihgt?
What is the virus called that is nicknamed "Red Death"?
where can i see an aerial shot of an address?
what are the events of dispersive replication of DNA?
What should we name our son that is due in October?
is it normal to love both sexes in a sexual way?
how do you become an ER doctor?
do u think this is a good essay for law class?
how does sex feel?
how does one get affected by aids?
Solve the inequality graph your solution?
do black people like white people and vice versa  ??
Whats your favorite movie?
Questions about sleep...?
does anybody know the job prospects for a chartered accountant abroad?
What's the difference between empathy and apathy?
wat do u think of the name Ladan?
What is autism?
where is breeds  hill?
what is responsible for protecting the effect of radiation to environment?
in what country did the christmas tree originate?
what is an example of a ball and socket joint?
List the six animal groups that display bilateral symmetry?
how do you get blueballs?
how did Joseph Pulitzer reform america?
what do you think about iranian people?
Effectiveness of Sylvia Plath's work?
where can I find infromation about newly released albums?
Should you douche before and after sex or not at all?
to become a pilot , approved colleges in kerala?
Do you think womyn are inferior/ property?
what is l9ove?
how many inches are in a foot????
who's blood type does a baby inherit?
movie quote!?
What would you put in a Time Capsule?
What is your favourite eye colour and why?
how to study well?
Girl manual needed?
Sean bean? love him or hate him?
For girls only?
What the weirdest name you ever heard?
Is it true some people smoke to just to annoy others?
what is metallica's new album called?
question abt a song we are singing at church?
What song(s) makes you smile?
The UDC ??
What is the oxidation number for H3PO4?
What world city has sunk the most since its inception?
Why won't chris ask a question?
Has anyone ever heard or Emetophobia?
Do u believe the existence of The Protocol of Zion?
Weight Watchers question.?
What did Jesus mean when He said these words?
How do you feel when nobody answers your question?
why is Bacteriology important to society?
l'hopitals rule?
Christians do you think it would go over IF??
what is phi beta kappa?
What is a good correspondence college?
teenage alcohol prevention?
smallville/superman? the flash?
what and where is the largest musical instrument in the world?
Whats the best Home Remedy for Stress ?
Anyone else find the humor in Harry Potter...?
My teacher is usually mean to me..?
does our strong religion affect our health?
Has anyone had gastric band surgery?
Does he like me?
does anyone know?
Why does my fiance want to do this??
what to i do?
Is there an equivalent of Google Earth for other heavenly bodies?
What are the applications of Physics to Medical Profession?
new on for ya!?
Anyone else disturbed by this???
How do you get over a married crush?
does this diet work?
Thin and brainless? or Big and smart?
What does this mean to you?
Owen Wilson's best war movie is?
Who named the hypotenuse?
Where I can complete an Astronomy Doctorate?
Does lightening travel from ground to cloud or cloud to ground?
How can I verify a  technical qualification obtained in Zimbabwe?
How do i get rid of cellulite?
where do weather balloons come from?
Whats the best way to clean my pipe,and fastest?
What is the dating scene like in Seattle?
Teenagers and Muslims - bad press, the majority are good?
How do you pronounce the word ATHAME?
Where is the world cup being played at?
What do you think of my avatar?
How do restriction enzymes recognize a restriction site?
what baseball teams are in 1st,2nd,and 3rd?
Should you ever leave a plug plugged in at night?
What does "WTFWJD" mean?
What other organs does the stomach relate to and help?
What are the most popular songs that are played at hockey games?
What is a gift to give to my future wife?
Sexual urges?
From outer space,how many sunrises can you see?
help with the test?
what variables affect the coefficient of sliding friction?
What makes a sports team your favorite?
What does OK stand for?
Who's going to win the Sanley Cup in 2006?
why is the earth flattened at the poles?
how do songs get stuck in your head?
What religon?
what substances illuminate when hit with light?
Who is going to win the England vs Portugal game tomorrow?
Omg! I'm so fat?
what qualifications do you need to be a league referee?
Is Montessori program right for my child after all?
Can pharmacists make diagnosis and visit a patience?
How long have you been going out?
inherited Genes?
guyz who won survivor guatemala?
I need art activity about monkeys for preschool?
What is my ideal weight?
how many bloody points to get to level 2?
is baseball still America's pastime?
Why does my boyfriends house mate cut himself?
Name change   I don't like mine?
Do You Know Someone With A Heart Of Gold?
What is your most satisfying sexual experiance?
Who besides Liverpool have played the most matches at Anfield?
Does every kiss begin with Kay?
Is moist air heavier than dry air?
Should I use DVD + or - blanks for recording movies?
An Evaportive Air Conditioning Question?
need games to play at a family reunion?
what is ted jan roberts doing nowadays?
ryder cup tickets?
what causes  men to cheat on their women in a love relationship?
Can someone help with this translation to spanish?
Will boxing overcome the mma onslaught?
What is the best romantic love song ever?
Who is the shortest woman to dunk a basketball?
how many presidents has fifa had and who are they?
Why do the JW's deny Jesus is God?
can someone teach me a french word?
what kind of wines goes best with Thanksgiving dinner?
Where did the phrase "Booyaa" originate?
how come not all cars  have rear windshield wipers?
What is one word that is the base of life?
title of this song?
the names of curative drugs of pneumonia and its effect?
Greek education?
Bored = Afraid of Hindus or Buddhists?
Have you ever spent the holidays alone?
help solving this math problem?
what's my star sign?
who is mark eykholt?
Why does my neck hurt after bike riding?
what is a electron transfer?
schools out now what?
Which type of university course should I choose?
which is d best marine engineering institute in india?
homework emergency!!!?
Sprot FAns?
Do good guys loose in the long run ? I did?
Have you ever heard of D.W Griffith Middle School?
can you do without salt!!!!!!?
is water the best  thing to have after having chilly  food?
ROYALITY, waste of money?
Loosing the baby weight?
When will the christmas shoe movie be on tv?
What do you think future generations will think of us?
Should I buy more stock or sell what I have?
Which Band Sang "Chocolate Kings"?
does anyone like trigun ?
Is it ok to blow my nose in public?
Do you wear plaid when you go golfing?
Gabriel Brothers phone number?
what are some good cheers???
distance fom earth to sun?
in 1978 world cup who was the goalkeeper for Peru?
Do you wish you waited until marriage to have sex?
Funny sunglasses.?
Where exactly are "hither and yon?"?
What is it like?
Question for bio majors?
how can i question this GAY marriage argument?
I like shiny things don't you?
Who will win the College World Series this year?
Is it normal?
subordinated notes?
can you use real names when writing an autobiography?
Fortune cookies?
can I finished school and still get SSI?
What country was Ruddy Voeller born?
Rap oor rock? Which one do u prefer?
daddy's girl!!?
is kevin spacey really a gay?
who wins the stanley cup?
question about punishment for my husband?
How come I havent grown?
It's a good thing to be popular?
Romo or Kitna for Week 10?
is there anyone on here that wants YOU kicked off?
anothr one?
How high are the walls around Eden in cubits?
what is faradic current?
Where does former POW Jessica Lynch now live?
which country have the most fish?
What is a null hypothesis and an alternative hypothesis?
can some girls help me out?
Why is greenhouse an important thing?
.Is the world running out of oil?
Is Mission impossible the american james Bond?
What is a cricket coaching centre?
How come people have to be so serious?
how do you mix a poultice?
What is the best method for getting over a guy?
fear destroys creativity - comment?
How many chicago bears fans are there?
Christmas isn't the same?
what is solid waste management?
what is insentience?
Is GAY and DNA are related?
Can humans someday live on the planets on outer space??
Was there a pop group in the 70s?
Is "Rent" the gayest movie ever made?
Do zombies need oxygen?
period question?
Tanning to clear acne scars?
is there philipian trenches?
Why doesn't Winnie the Pooh wear pants?
what's the meaning of life?
Taxes can you use pets?
Why are a lot of GORGEOUS people single?
What is the purpose of having a job?
what r some ways 2 get cool friends?
Where can i find stock car racing in illinois?
what is hpv?
when you love someone do you make them your everything?
where can i find fair market value of timber or logs?
Any Tips On Boxing?
France is to Europe as China is to ____ ?
What do you think about the Broncos draft?
Need help with Pascals triangle?
waht is avian flue?
My girlfriend is having periods too often...?
Do you have friends in low places?
what city is the rockhall in?
number of stadiums in the U.S.?
Am I wrong to be mad???
greatest 2nd baseman of all time?....why?
Should Bucky have been voted off American Idol?
When is it time to move on?
ANSWER THIS Please!?
Anyone tennis player interested to join me for friendly match?
My Language arts teacher is out too get me.?
Is Aries and Piscec a perfect match?
Fans refused Entry to Celtic Vs Man utd?
what is wave?
why do some overweight men get lots of women?
Good Homeschool High school Courses????
How do you file an IRS extention?
why is the world cup 4970 gr not 5 kg?
glowing gas cloud? help?
I'm in love and help!!!?
how does one get their saint? any ideas catholics?
what are the purine bases found in nucleic acids?
where is the largest hydroelectric plants in north america?
Roseanne tv show t-shirt?
Which Basketball Player Do You Hate?
to all gynes, help please...?
how should you deal with acne?
red cards in second stage of world cup?
Is Red better than Blue?
am i cute?
What do you think of the songs Madonna sings?
2005 bar exam result?
do you judge people who smoke pot?
Have you ever starred in a movie which was in the cinema?
My nose piercing hurts...?
Do you kinda have a thing for me or what?
how do you get meningitis?
heres another question?
what are the rules for a overlocker?
what is the highest sea wave?
Do u thkn this is a sad song?
Public Nudity?
doeshe really want to??/?
where did the term "wifes tale" orininate?
how can you tone your fingers?
why should we not have free trade?
how can i forget the ex gf  of my husband?
Girls, how would you like to be approached by a guy?
what is an anal fissure?
What is a lyrical poem?
what are seventh day adventist  ?
What should I do about Guardianship of my daughter?
Who thinks Georgie Porgie should shut his pie hole?
How do you like this song?
how much types of galaxy have?
what are the weaknesses of NPV?
what do u think of me?
is psychiatry covered by insurance?
Veronica Mars- Do you want them to bring Duncan back?
Where do products from grocery brands come from?
what does aja aja exactly means?
Quiz: Jeff Hardy?
What's your fav subject in school?
is it true ..!!??
i need help. any doctors or parents out there?
important trees & plants in U.S.A.?
does the Gazelle by Tony Little help you become fit?
Catholic places to visit?
why do people really cheat on each other?
What would be a good entrance song?
Who long do I have to wait to say I Love You?
Why am I always so miserable?
in baseball pitching stats ,what is WHIP?
What does Candice Michelle weigh?
what is zero kelvin actually?
What's your favorite song?
Which was the most memorable FA Cup Final ever?
What do you need to do to level up?
What kind of degree do I need to be a Football Coach?
which song/album do you like most?
.ooo7 is the density?
how do movie stars cover up cold sores?
How many player are on a baketball team?
Girls does the first time hurts....???
Tooth Fairy's E-mail Address?
Homeopathic Colon Cleanse Home Remedy?
Is my gay friend attracted to me?
What if any disorders mimic ADD? Like sleeping disorders?
When is it safe for boys to start lifting weights?
Can i defy gravity?
Do you think professors are too soft on their students?
what is mitosis and meosis?
What are the universities with physician assistance programs?
Any basketball fans?
How do you make your own fog or smoke?
Has anyone had a problem with gang stalking or electronic harassment?
What jewelers in Brooklyn will buy jewelry?
what is your definition of love?
what is primrose oil?
How can you get dental care without insurance and with limited funds?
For seroius music ppl only?
how old is mount etna?
Do fish swim or are they just walking in the water?
who's gutted spurs lost today?
Zits after taning? Help PLEASE?
Did you know 80% of people have this STD?
w= 2x - y + 4z?
i am in the wrong what do i do?
What is your favorite Dave Matthews Band Song????
Where in Florida can I get free or low cost cancer treatment?
What are the criteria for classifiying joints?
What is the deal with all these negative Martin Luther King questions?
how much is the fees to call an escort inasia?
Am I too skinny?
Will any lady tell me how to find her g-spot ?
Why dont parks have merry-go-rounds anymore?
Have teachers or lawmakers ever taken the WASL?
how to watch jewel in the palace episodes on the web?
Why does anyone where boxer shorts?
Wyhy are "friends" so mean sometimes?
Believers?
How should I word a thank you letter after a job interview?
Comment réussir les services smashés?
Martyr's know any famous ones?
Who do you think will win the World Series first?
how many students drop out due to social live?
how to prevent inflation?
do you beleive in mind reading?
how do i get my email addresses inserted in my outgoing emails?
what are chemoautotrophs?
what are some comparisons for the years 1966 and 2006?
Is it wrong to raise our kids to be nudists?
7th heaven finale, did u like it?
OCD is NOT fun!!?
Where was the Enron Company located?
Whats your fav scary movie?
What is your worst fear?
What are your top 10 draft picks?
who sings dance dance dance?
any tips for the  fixer upper business?
20 Dollar bill question?
What age should you be before you date or kiss?
how can astrology describe  a person so accurately ?
should i leave my girlfriend?
what causes and prevents a charliehorse?
Who is the founder of invariantology?
When was the last time you fainted?
is the love marriage success in anybody's life?
Is it colder on sunny days in winter or cloudy days?
How to prevent getting knockout from boxing?
How do u Become popular????
who is presently the fastest female sprinter in 100m track event?
Why hasn't the world united yet???
What do you do if your friend chooses you over a guy?
are there banking exams in the U.A.E ?
can u name this song?
Sportsnet New York theme song?
Why am i feeling depress for no reason?
What is the nickname given to football legend Pele?
current problems and issues encountered by filipino managers?
What is satellite technology?
Why are men so dense?
What is your favorite song? Who sings it?
Can your brain repair or regrow damaged brain cells?
Is there anyway to get rid of or decrease cellulite?
How do I create a family budget?
Which one is precious? Money or Moral things?
list and explain terminology used in the riveting process.?
which is the highest building i india?
any one used Zwick Rowell Tensile testing machine?
What is the most simple word to describe "Golf"?
CSI and the smooth criminal?
is my avatar cute?
This just dont make sense?
what dose the word (fiancee) mean ?
I Need Advice!?
How you move on with your life after a bad break up?
How many times does lightning strike the Earth?
What is a lyrical poem?
when did nunavut become a new territory?
acid/ base?
Girls - Turnoffs... Acne?
Who is the most stupid person on earth?
what is being done about sea ice?
Give three reasons why weather changes all the time.?
What was learned from the COBE space probe?
Why is the sky any colour at all?
where can i get the best astronomy english news?
Who is Isaiah 53 talking about?
why does water swirl clockwise into the drain?
what is kerrangs email adress?
what do you wanna find in the city taxi?
Is kathy Griffith funny?
Can you tell me...?
Does anyone love Matt Damon as much as me?
Just heard on?
What is that Mumbai Girls like best about theri dream guys?
is Usher better or Chris Brown???
Who would score the most goals on World Cup 2006?
Solving SQRT Eq?
ladies: what do you think?
have you ever went to a game show?
Who is LGC Government Grant Assistance Department?
What are the things that you hate in a religion?
How can we get rid of hicups?
how can i get thicker thighs and a bigger booty?
what was your favorite Aaron Spelling TV show?
how many many unhappy married girls live in river valley area?
What is EMO and SKA? Just curious?
who is Jonnt depp also known as?
find energy pills with eloea?
Bipolar Disorder?
Why are more people cohabiting?
what   do  you   mean   by   plasmosis?
i have a question can u change ur godparents?
decimals and fractions?
I'm not crazy....right?
Who will win the pepsi 400 this weekend?
movie question?
what is member ductility?
where is caroline schiff photography?
Why do they give awards for the WORST music?
How can I meet Christiano Ronaldo?
Judaism help please!?
what do you think about the emigration process?
am i the only one who loves britney spears?
what to do?
What did you think of the Will and Grace season finale?
What is one personality trait that really impresses you in others?
I wish I was dead?
I'm trying to get as many answers as possible!?
Ladies Please Help: another penis question but with a small difference?
Who is Henry 7?
Do you believe in ghosts?
in North Carolina what age....?
How many number of times 22 or 23?
In your opinion whats the best thing in life?
Safety in camping with BEARS?
pick the biggest fraction?
whats the importance of attending a historically black college?
what is the most important question in the life in your opinion ?
Head ON: Did you apply it directly to your forehead?
Where can I download free music and accepts Mac OSX?
What is an athiest?
Are you pursuing your passion in life?
what are your best jokes?
Which adaptations a very big cell will need to survive?
how to crack cue club?
Jake Gyllenhaal is my sweetheart?
what is the best mortgage company for post bankruptcy?
What kind of figurative language is this?
Doing resumes...?
Is it wrong to wash your hands in the water fountain?
can television and the computer replace the reading culture?how?
How do you overcome writer's block?
how do credit cards work?
Why do people feel the need to drink to be social?
Describe the Big Bang Theory.?
what is  filtration?
The three best teams to never make the Super Bowl?
is there a constantine 2 movie?
Should suicide be legal?
Who killed Asmodean?
in what state is Harvard university?
Why does my boss hate me?
Boarding school...?
Why does drinking cause memory loss?
How long have you known your best friend?
why the hell is yahoo so popular???
Who is your favorite latin band?
Any advice on ADHD horse?
what does despo mean?
What do you think...abuse?
What are the top 5 favorite music videos ever?
five iron frenzie's FIRST album?
I need to learn some basic German, can somebody help.?
How do men urinate through the fly?
What is FASD?
how can i earn a few dollars without leaving home?
Hate AMERICA!! Why?
What is the air-speed velocity of a coconut laden swallow?
how long do you keep stitches in?
What do docotors give you for a yeast infection?
whats your fav. movie?
what is kyoto agreement?
Descriptive Words?
What is the best way to learn a new language?
The Trinity?
what is your name?
What is the most banal question in the world?
are so called aliens human?
Can anyone recommend a GREAT birth control pill?
Why am i a male?
what is the odds of getting face value super bowl tickets?
aluminum die casting safety glasses requirement?
where can i find books about hypertrichosis?
Ok, I give up?
Who's better your new man or your ex and Why?
7x - 16 = -76?
how can i view Japanese sites in English?
What is Integrated Marketing Communication? How it works?
Do you believe in heaven and hell and why?
Am I normal? Does this happen to you?
a question for christians?
Your preseason NCAA March Madness final four?
Aristotle once said?
What is your testimony about Jesus?
should i get back together with him?
What is Kansas City like?
How does a person go about getting into ultimate fighting?
What is taxable income for the year?
What do you think of the religion Scientology?
what is the most commonly used glass for magnifying glasses?
How do communities balance development and conservation?
What are some all girl club names?
what do you think about the Buffalo Bills first pick?
Language..?
What country music star was a combatent on TNA?
what is the square root of 25?
what is the offical last day of summer?
Why do tissues make your nose dry?
What is your favorite holiday?
Electrolyte Question?
what is the depth of see?
interview questions in unigraphics?
cavern design?
Question about financial aid?
If the universe did not exist would space itself still be there?
Math Smarties....help me??
Why do wealthy people cheat on their FASFA forms?
so so funny dont you agree?
Online shopping shipping fee...?
Why do the ESPN announcers keep talking about the USA?
Help! Legitimate online work? Who knows of some?
How can I prevent becoming Diabetic?
What is commercial retail property worth in northern wisconsin?
Do you really look like your Avatar?
Zee Telegu Channel?
Remote control plane inside a moving hollow truck?
What is best to treat Bell's Palsy?
Is this the craziest religion or what?
How does an AC electric circuit work?
how can I have a letter postmarked from a different city?
I suffer from piles...?
the high energy negative particles given off by radioactive substances?
smple of letter of intent?
what is the worldest fastest time the mile has been ran ?
Career paths?
Are you obsessed with any celebrities?
Video deleted from You tube?
what does the world DANIEL realy means?
Will INDIA score 400 in oneday cricket?
How far will a honey bee travel from the nest in day?
Why all the vulgarity?
im looking forward to basketball season college anyways?
How many u going to earn next week?
So again...?
Any coments about these thoughts?
How are the Packers going to do this year?
pictures of hoops from flava of love?
what are the benefits of learning a second language?
why was sputnik launched?
whichone should i choose?
what causes facial hair in woman?
About weight.?
anyone know what transient neurosis is?
What is average speed ?
who is the tallest person in the world?
How can I get a runner's high?
clippers victory!!!?
can any one show me how to subsitute?
comparative analysis of unit cost in new building works and restoration?
Who will you support now that the Socceroos are out?
Do humans rely on pheromones to achieve arousal?
What is Habitat for Humanity?
How many people have gotten sick this year so far?
how many years are in four score and seven years?
do you care that i havent done my work today?
what kinds of forces are at work with rock climbing?
how do you keep from burning out?
when will john cena retire?
indigestion and gallbadder removal?
how old is michael bublé?
is this a good idea?
how can I check if a company really exsits?
what would you do to tell somebody that you like them?
An efficient economy is one that?
Have you guys heard about the Vienne University Diet???
Why is Canucks out of the playoff?
5 wins on the trot with 0 goals conceded,?
Where in Arkansas can I buy Moleskine journals?
What are the signs a man is a player?
What is the Matrix? :)?
Who was the Oilers best aquisition this year?
"Long Lines"    Surfboard  Larry Bold?
anyone seen "monster house"?
What is this word?! (religion)?
How do You know if Your boyfriend is cheating on you?
what should i do?
Who wants 2 be my penfriend?
what is the meaning of backwaters?
is it common to get an ear infection from headphones?
what is EQI?
How annoying is this?
How to send a present to my friend via air mail?
Is Davey from the band AFI gay?!?
How do u no if ure in love???
Black Friday Challenge?
How many times to eat per day?
why his he vulnerable?
Any guys out there to talk to between 12 &14?
How long should I keep my school papers?
what happend for children that they dont know them father?
Can someone write me a paper on why to legalize marijuana?
Should the Redskins bench Brunell and start Campbell?
what are the top ten universities in uk?
anyone reporting the boxing fight?
whats the meaning of LOVE in divorce?
Ever watch " Around the horn"  or "PTI"?
49ers or raiders....vote for your team?
What should I write my research paper on?
I don't know what I should do when I graduate?
What do mexicans watch on tv?
when and how ice crystals fall during heavy rain?
What are the Florida Law on Wage Garnishes?
what are some describing words that decribe how many of something?
What signs indicate your child is intellectually gifted?
if the sun was any closer would we melt?
Whose CD would you rather buy Nicole Richie or Paris Hilton ?
who is the first man to go to space?
Your advice on love and lies.?
Men, what's your favorite movie?
momma's boy?
Whats the worst job you ever had?
How much money does Bill Gates have?
is horse racing good for the horses?
What is an inexpensive way to remember things?
Should I ask someone out on a date?
"Where in Christendom is the Christian?"?
Can Star Trek do it again?
Back in time???
May I have Ur serious attention pls?
very short Korean AD translation.. 도와 주세요..?
how to play the drums?any ideas?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Can a person love someone else more than him/herself?
Why is earth the only planet with lifeforms?
What is your Favorite Gilmore Girls Episode??
Does TaeBo really work?
Where do you find your god?
who is the longest (height) person of the world?
What do you guys think of my song?
How to surprise someone with a kiss?
what religion is George W Bush?
who is JEHOVAH?
Why is reading so important?
Does god want men to have no foreskin?
What are some uses of the graph y=1/x ?
what is the most serious computer crime?
Will I go to the World Cup?
Who would you like to have over for Thanksgiving?
Can Africans become Geisha women in Japan?
can u make a poster for hoover really quick?
Is my 360 page cool?
what causes my points to reduce?
Who do you thing will in World Cup soccer 2006?
Can I die from bronchitis?
what is a pussy?
What is nobain?
How can I tell if she likes me?
When was the last time there was a solar eclipse?
What does "gold star" mean?
Changing payroll pay frequency from bi-weekly to monthly?
do i have my period?
veterans day tomorrow?
where can i buy those tight emo pants for guys?
who sing from barrooms to bedrooms?
What are the teams have played in every single World Cup?
how deep is deep?
My Ex would threaten me If i would cry.?
how do i tell him?
what is meant by Self( Mastubursing)?
what is ur name?
Have you ever thought about this?
to all injured foot ball players?
where can I found pmi material?
Is the University of Alabama a good school to attend?
What are the benefits of Agricultural Biotechnology?
What teh favorite day of teh week for you?
what does it mean when someone calls you trick?
Long time no good music question inhere.?
Is Sweden really going to draw with Trinidad Tobago?
Boy Drama?
which one of these languages do you think is the nicest?
What does the US produce 13 million tons of a year?
What are some good activities for children this summer?
who will win the world soccer championship in germany?
evolution v. intel. design?
How good is u of i engineering?
what is blue print for physics (class XII)?
Verizon????
How sore is Alec's nose?
Comment please?
does anyone know of a natural way to treat psoriasus?
alliantpowderco web site,reloaders powder?
what are bowling pins made of?
I need advice about condom types...?
8 pints of water a day?
What's the opposite of "slumming"?
How is solar energy beneficial to humans?
Do you like going to school?
What is there in the afterlife?
Pension for Foreigners, Ca?
Guys, what do you do to hide an erection?
How cool was Eddie Cochran?
can diet pills cause liver damaga?
Phase or the way I am?
how can i study anatomy effectively?
Is Ritalin prescribed a lot in foreign countries?
What year did Henry Ford invent the assembly line?
how can i catch girl for 12hours?
Is Sedna an official planet?
dose anybody know any good jokes?
Is the solar energy sector going to grow?
what did japan did in the world war two?
What was the American economy like during WWI?
what are you doing if god is visible?
When do you go from dating to being a couple?
What is your highest level of competition...?
What are the differences between Apostolic and Mennonites?
are delta airlines on strike?
Do you save your ticket stubs?
About understanding men, because they are confusing!?
why can't i get a boyfriend?
How does radiation pass through a vacuum?
Which country has the most obesity problems?
Who is the assistain captains of the Ottawa Senators?
What this surpose to mean?
what does it mean when your friends totally ignore you?
Which poster in this section causes the most agitation?
How do you deal with a classmates death?
Swimming Troubles?
How to make a your gf naked in front of you ?
What is the best way to work out to slim down?
Do you ever...?
You Favorite jamesbond movie?
does spirits really exists? share your experiences if any ?
What is the difference between immortalization and oncogenic transformation?
What is satanism?
West Point or The Naval Academy?
give two reason why you would like to become an entrepreneur?
Should we really get married?
Is regular use of condom bad for man health?
why are guys so superficial?
Who to start in Week 9...?
I have to ask, Is everyone going to vote today?
is there a real home business that really works for anyone?
What is this equal?
how do i do this?
What causes a sand and dust storm?
Why do guys honk at women?
have you ever?
can guys belt songs?
Ar-15 conversion kit?
What can you do with a Political Science major?
My 25yr old ex with a 56yr old?
Wat do u like most about yourself???
where can i find the answers to vocabulary workshop level f?
how can i manage my budget better?
Does anyone know of any good African American poets?
What is your earliest memory?
What day of the week was 10 Oct.1976?
looking for spongebob pics?
What is the name of this song?
anyone else have to sleep with a fan going every night??
What would the hypothesis be for...?
What was your first girlfriend's name?
What could I make a model alamo out of?
how do i propose a 13 year old girl?
why people visit tajmahal?
Does it annoy you when people do "air guitar"?
what roles did slaves play in the revolutionary war??
which type of bond would be formed between N and Br?
New Year's Resolution?
how do crickets fight?
im looking for names and hestory for fighters?
what is the main reason that water supplies are chlorinated?
funny joke?
which were leaps years starting from 1978 till 2005?
how can i get breast enlargement with natural components?
how can i face the competative world these days?
what does it take to get into emerson college?
Song writing hints?  Please?
Is it hard for Americans to get into Oxford or Cambridge?
do you know her Megumi Kuriyama?
friendship?
My Birthday is tomorrow and....?
what is the difference between white trash and redneck?
what high school graduated more successful athletes than any other?
i'm stuck!!!!!!?
Anyone have any idea who Benjamin Breeg is/was?
for the men?
what do you fill about the performance of England?
what is the...?
Do you know any good songs or bands?
Who would you like to see Chuck Lidell fight next?
is football your favorite sport?
is it bad to take a bath when your on your period?
How do scientists detect planets among the billions of stars?
how do you safely wash old clothes?
Which ocean basin is spreading the fastest? The slowest?
How can I ease my fear of having blood drawn today?
How to get ride of armpit fat?
what is the hiway patrol ticket quota for all states?
how does a tokamak work?
Question About Kidney Stones...?
Advice please!!!!!!!!?
Isn't it weird how many languages there are?
I am having worries about Jesus..?
Does Google's Mountain View campus have a basketball court?
Which do you take?
what are u doing right now?!?
Evolution vs DX?
who is csr@wcb.net?
who here plays a sport?(wat is it)?
What are the things on New Tires?
Do you question everything?
can anyone suggest good supplements for muscle building ?
Where will you be watching the England v Portugal game on Saturday?
When was soccer first played?
Who's your favorite Basketball player?
What kind of work do people here do for a living?
how do i find a girl friend?a sexy one.?
Is Randy Orton a cool wrestler?
MIcro Econ?
What do you do when you can't sleep at night ?
how is the life of a deck cadet?
what is razzmatazz?
which is best Indian food recipes site for weight loser?
How do you get sex if your 40 yrs. old?
do you think the eurovision song contest should be scrapped?
How much protien do i need to consume during weight loss?
What is the importance of teacher mentoring?
how many language can we learn in childhood?
boy and girl summer camp in rocky mount n.c.?
How can you get a doctor to listen to you?
how to correct a marriage certificate?
will i ever find love?
Funeral parlour negligent?
How can I send an email to Sir Paul McCartney?
Can anyone prove the Pythagoras theorem?
why are some fabrics better absorbers than others?
arrest warrants in san juan county?
does he like me?
What is the history of poetry?
does anyone have a recipe for homeade playdough?
Creationists: What do you do for a living?
who knows something about summer short courses around the globe?
what is VGL when used on a singles website?
I hate this sooo much!!?
what does without predujice mean on a letter?
What is an easy langage to learn?
What chemical force hold water molecules together?
How many seconds are in one year?
What is Thanksgiving?
What does hallucination mean?
Are high voltage power lines a hazard to your health?
Why do  I never have energy?
every reach to a point where you just say forget it?
is there any live auctions in uk on internet?
how to make clip-on ties?
Can u tell me any good and funny anecdote?
My team has been doing pretty bad lately..any suggestions?
What is the meaning of life?
who do you think will win the NBA finals?
How to take notes??
900,000 volts deadly?
Do you want to take my invitation?
What kind of things did you collect when you were a kid?
How do I search for a profile with their Yahoo ID?
4 the Guys!?
What's a yeast infection?
what institutions have scholarship for bachelor in germany?
what is 54 farenhight in degress?
why is my male sex drive so wild in the morning?
What country has the national sport of Ice skating?
Pick your 23 man roster for England?
why did the romans kill jesus?
College Courses Help.?
Can HPV lie dormant for 12 years?
Dream Matches?
is it good to swith from clarinet to bass clarinet?
what is 75% of $1.00?
Who is smarter men or women?
Is Valium used for pain pill with drawls?
same Question As Before?
how does IN caulate child support?
How old do you have to be to build a factory?
How true is the bible?
How do I spell the letter 'A' ?
What is the rarest blood group?
Whats Next ??
Are you my muse?
What can I do?
Had anyone been for an interview with Schlumberger?
why is it that some black men prefer to date white woman?
I need some quick money making ideas?
how does television help in the sharing of culture?
i have aquestion?
Does Boron obey the octet rule?
what does the dissolved solids in water do to appliances?
Winning world cup?
what is the high school cross country distance for girls?
what are the procedures of cholecystomy?
What is the 6th dimension?
help with physics?
which color I should choose for my hair?
good classic rock " love " songs?
What is the average height of a man?
What is the one thing every man should know about a woman?
face diaster?
The name Jehovah is a made up word?
best african team?
What is it?
how is the organization in question departmentalized?
What person in your family do u respect the most?
How did you manage to get so ugly?
finish the pattern?
which songs do you listen to?
What happens incase of a Sudden Death?
How do you think about the state of  Mississippi?
why are catfights erotic ?
What do you do about a nosy sister?
What would you do if you landed on the moon?
Please some advice PLEASE!?
How do you deal with criticism when it comes to life choices?
stereo chemistry of fluconazole?
How the galaxies were formed?
what is the national average home rental cost?
I need math help please?
water blah?
do u pick ur nose?
Will USA make it past the Second Round?
Has anyone ever heard of someone named Relois?
why do people has  to have sex?
prank on a teacher?
Madonna Crucified..?
Moments of the week?
Does anyone thinks dreams are true and they tell the future?
smackdown?
Why  the color of the sea is blue?
How can i learn more native English...?
my sperm every day leaking pls help me?
What is wrong with me?
How would you solve this problem?
who knows about malcolm x?
what is vascular malformation???
do lesbians use condoms, for any reason at all?
i have been told that i am empathic.?
what is name of spacecraft send by NASA to MARS?
how can you believe in someone you can't see?
Do you hide your spare house key in a really lame place?
Is there any site for training swimming with movies?
Is it posssible for Humans to fly without airplanes?
What are the Biological Effects of Ultrasound?
What is the Best sound in the world?
Is there genuine friendship between boys and girls?
ae'uitas -english translation?
Why does BIN LADEN mess around with camels?
What is the average temperature of Washington State?
Have you tried LSD or Ecstasy?
How long is a metre?
When you will feel that you are able to love a girl?
Who is baseball's home run king?
what is the rate of heart of man for minute?
which colleges still give you credit for honors/AP courses?
why does diabetes cause high blood pressure?
How do coral differ from hydra?
What is the meaning of the name "Tarun"?
Has anybody seen or touched an Alien?
is labor at 34 weeks normal?
Does the Bible ever say being an Atheist is a sin?
one best tummy exercise?
hey does any of u like afi's miss murder?
How do you say 2000 in spanish?
why do christians follow paul's teachings?
where is the next world cup going to be hosted?
how difficult are english universities?
what is the process for converting pounds to kilograms?
How long did the Scopes Monkey Trial actually last?
What o you think about the Miami Dolphins? and why?
can anyone help me?
i need help with online drop shippers/wholesaler?
Na Leo (Hawaiian female group)?
Italian Football! Does anyone really care?
Is this a real person answering questions?
is it sexual assult?
need some experience?
Is that Jupiter in the early morning western sky?
what is a good country song out righ now?
How much should you pay for a California wedding?
why are men better pool players than women?
How do I know my moon sign?
what is the effect on different social groups on computer?
what is sequence tagged microsatellite site?
difference in meaning exothermic/endothermic?
what is the job outlook for motion picture acting in ohio?
A gift for DAD?
is 7 inchs a smalldick?
help plz ?
When Does the USA play there next World Cup match?
Does he have feelings for me???
how come gravity makes things go down why not up?
testosterone level?
Can anyone tell me some interesting facts about Islam?
What is the scientific measure of disorder?
who is watching david beckham?
Are there balks in Little League Baseball?
What is the end uses of cashmere?
Does anywhere in the world grow boneless bananas?
so guys,what makes a girl "marriage material"?
tell me some information about the eagle?
lost or desperate houswives?
Is penhold paddle with double sides of rubber can be used?
sore throat bad cough and fever?
who is the best male country singer?
Is  Phillip  Rivers  pro  bowl  bound?
do men mind women that have a child?
Websites for medical PG entrance mock exams?
How is lucky Bamboo "made"?
What does ACRONYM stand for?
kilos and pounds how do you calculate them.?
Are museum memberships tax deductible?
What is a good age to start having kids?
help me please?
what is the meaning of the word ADVAITA?
Good material for a maths class?
cyan & bacteria?
I need your help.What would you do????
I need some help on my English Homework!!!?
Why do people ask stupid questions?
Who sings the song Funky Co' Madina?
Does Jesus use yahoo answers to pick up men?
Is there anyway to watch the Hockey Playoffs in RI?
Where are inductors and capacitors used in industry?
What exactly does a basketball manager do?
Whats the funnest commercial ever?
how long is a piece of string?
Where do you go to act in the xxx business?
How do I talk my gf into a 3 some?
who is judge Judy?
How do you know when you're really in love?
Health savings account on arch supports?
What are the best schools to get a PhD in cancer biology?
list fomer duke playing now playing in NBA?
how do i know if hes my ture love?
Compare Quebec and British Columbia?
Why is there a indent in a Halls cough drop?
Lil Boosie?
One to think about for men!?
How to make photo albam on my email address?
Math Equation 10 FREE POINTS?
Hi do u knw bout trademark attorneys?
does the question mark go by a different name?
How can i take my anger out?
Jim Henson Movie Question?
Do you like this song?
Where do you think we are before we are born?
Who won the war of 1812?
Help! I need these lyrics!?
help!!!!!!!!!?
come on i need your help, please respond?
is remote sensing a art or a scientific seance?
Why is "alternative medicine" so expensive?
What ever happened to 976 numbers?
can you translate these into italian?
Have you ever done something stupid in sports?
Riddle....?
how can i broadcast my own radio station on the web?
why students required to attend school?
Is it over for the white race?
where do geese go to fall a sleep?
Who is your favorite NBA player?
Where do I put my bike's water bottle??
I need help?
Does bad family debt affect my chances of becoming a barrister?
was i running?Did i take the easy way out?
Rollout is a song by who?
why do guys get freaked out when girls like them?
Can I convince him?
What does sakura mean?
how to become sexy again after gaining 5 kgs.?
What should I do?
who owns Rio Estates Inc?
How much do Maggie Sottero weddings dresses cost?
at what age does the p**** stop growing?
what's your most favourite martial arts weapon?
Who is goin to win AMERICAN IDOL?
what's the best physics' book you had read?
Wat Up Any One?
what's the creepiest moment you've experienced?
slogan for tulips?
Do you view erottica?
What does Ponder mean?
can one get aids for anal penetration?
who do you think will win the world cup?
Me My mom and Her boyfrien?
i met this girl she is wonderful....but?
Tracy Mcgrady?
Jokes Time?
How many teams are there in division 1A College Football and Basketball?
What do I do?
What aspects of communication are being affected by culture?
need yellow pages residential for new port richie,fl?
is chemistry is more difficult than physics?
is it possible to find the solution to the HIV AIDS?
I am having Trouble females Help!!!?
complaints on okinawan weight loss tea?
how does a pressure oven work?
what is okyakzan in english?
principle of cycling?
why we worry when we have nothing to loos?
Does anyone know the official season 6 smallville air date?
what is a good alternative or hip hop name?
Men need only apply?
What is the most disturbing horror movie that you have ever seen?
Who loves George Strait?  The newest Hall of Famer?
Faults in Hollywood movie " Alexander"?
Do you look the trademark when you buy clothes?
Where can I order a bible in Shona online?
Do you have any questions?
ireland nurse registration?
how do i tell that these nuggets are real gold?
Coke or Pepsi?
Why do people really swear?
Are there male dental Hygienist?
Can anyone explain entrophy?
When do we teach them the truth?
Does reincarnation exist?
from where i can find   meaning of a word?
what can i do to turn on my bf while kissing?
what is the difference between villi and microvilli?
how are Ions formed?
What are the top ranked Pharmacy schools in the US?
Question About Discrimination?
greatest fears???!!!!?
Confidence Intervals?
can i get my prize ?
Are English teachers in demand in the U.S.?
Senior Citizen Parents are alcoholics, should I intervene?
does the MLB has a dress code,like the NBA?
favorite INXS song?
What do i do to heal an upper leg injury?
what do you think?
Can you spell a composition with two letters?
What can't you leave home without?
Do you think a screen door will work on a submarine?
Muslims some assistance please?
what is the most popular sport in the u.s.?
Did god have to tell Adam where to put it?
is media a good or bad thing and why?
i hate my boyfriends ex...advice pls?
can anyone tell me three famous books from the 1940's?
Open ended questions that inspire participation?
fidel castro and baseball?
Why did God create mental illness?
how much 4 pefumes weigh nearly?
green day rocks!!!?
What is a great job that allows you to travel?
NASCAR trivia #2?
major pain! please help!!?
Where can I get Authentic Dream Catchers?
What is the definition of trypsinized?
What kind of porn do women like?
do youknow what LMFEAO is?
state funding?
I need to find information and pictures of Mizzoula Montana?
the easy home method to have white teeth?
Want to join?
Who knows "Journey" rock band?
what is love? why it happens? why it disappears?
why do guys hit on girls do they think we like it?
Is there any living creature in mars?
how do I get a guy to like me?
When is the European Champions League final?
what can make a guy happy ?
how many people have honestly...?
Does anyone else out here agree with me?
League and Union?
Is it true that toll booth workers are paid very well?
Is it save to have **** sex?
Can anyone reccomend a good relaxation cd?
what is the percent of 1/8th?
What country won the first under 16 world cup?
Remedy for bruises?
Weirdest thing on E-Bay?
A question for Born Again Christians!?
where can i adopt an fosters home for imaginary friend.?
Recycling and Reprocessing?
my hair line is going back?
Spending Thanksgiving on Yahoo?
Was Betty White one of the Golden Girls?
what artist is this?
HOW bad does having sex for the first time hurt?
How many calories are in a serving of pho?
why do dibenzalacetone has a pale yellow colour?
What is the speed limit for sex?
Who should i start for Center on my fantasy basketball team?
hey aussies?
Do you believe in a God?
where is coco Island located?
Tax advice for schedule C?
What is the relationship between calculus and physics?
ice skating help!?
whos James dat answered my question?
how do baseball players travel to away games?
who is the actress on the ditect loan comerical?
Who is the sexiest football player in the world?
Did all homosapians evolve from one person?
Is now a good time to buy stock in oil?
how do you write a character reference letter?
WWE Champions?
Does anyone know anything about Brock Lesnar or Batista returning?
can you send a picture of your penis to me?
Explain the fully rested mode of 8259.?
Why is immigration in the united states important?
Motocross website?
Is smelling your feet everyday hazardous?
to people from all religion background. what do u think?
hello...anyone out there?
i want to know how soon u can feel twin movement?
Does anyone ever capitalize the name "God" anymore?
dose cam like me?
can i have some names for angeline new baby?
dont you just hate bad days?how do you deal?
What makes a cult different from a religion?
Satanism Anyone???
Alay Soler Rookie of the Year?
what do you do when you suck at something?
what will happened if the satanas love an angel?
What do you buy a guy who has everything for Christmas?
When am I expected to be cured?
what is cerebro spinal fluid?
Who Will win the word cup?
does anybody know Bonnie Witthoft in San Diego?
what should I do as I feel unlimited sex desire every day?
Are YOU A HERO???
What is the meaning of Pink Floyd's Money for you ?
why some people asking silly questions in yahoo answers,?
how do you write a 5 point essay?
What is the definition of readability?
What are some links to websites about European currency?
Turbo VS Supercharged?
Girls, do you like shy guys?
why are hiccups contagious?
Anyone know how to multiply matrices?
"There but for the grace of god"???
Manchester United tickets online?
does african americans get scabies?
Is the term Kcal basically a calorie?
music "website"...?
family guy fans only?
Do black women like white men?
Are Yamaha pianos better than Kawai?
how we can calculate concentration of Hcl?
can i do sports medicine?
Who do you likw best, Ashley or Jessica Simpson?
where can i find man celebrity photos?
Will Frank Thomas beat the all time home run record?
What would be the best way to find my biological parents?
any good paved bike trails in the phoenix area?
Should I have told her husband?
MEN do looks get a woman anywhere?
Who has won the World Cup the most times?
what web that i can watch anime ?
What do you think of the Llama song?
How do I solve proportions?
Be honest.?
do all the animals see in color?
How do I find an entry job in accounting or bookkeeping?
What Ga Code section do I find Domestic Violence?
help me with these chemistry questions?
how do i........?
What are those things called?
how do you do a cluster analysis?
Interview / Job question?
Can you make a sentence using these words?
when do tje clocks alter in the uk?
Would you have gay sex in public for 10 million pounds?
Who is at work??
What is the difference between a Graph and a Chart ?
How long does a orchid live in the wild?
What are the things women like about men?
A stratovolcano is another name for?
Tell me about  AGNM.OB?
what is the role of the Golgi tendon organ?
Can you tell me something that might change my life?
when is it ok for someone to stop celebrating christmass?
Conditioning?!?
11gallons equal how many quarts?
Why is my ex boyfriend such such a douche?
Top 5 actors of all time?
what nationality is the surname Davis?
First Date?
i wanna run the boston marathon?
catholics and pre-marital sex?
Help changing name on Drivers License after marriage outside of country?
how does a spec 20 work?
Professional Basketball: raise the hoop 12 inches?
evaluate the limit!?
Who sign is an Aries? and whens your birthday?
french translation?
Who is our devine prophet?
What is a trend?
3 type of pest that feed on food waste?
Does Galdino love me-love me?
is ayurveda a good career option?
Help... I need help!?
What's your favourite western film?
what is cash sales?
What actually CAUSES a wet dream?
in what country was baseball first played?
how did snowboarding become an olympic sport?
Why do people feel sleepy after masturbating or sex?
where is the best place to meet women in tupelo?
Germany's Agriculture?
Is Soylent Green really made of people?
Who gets what after a break-up?
Homework help@ on the mayans?
A show called "Top Chef"?
which is better place NY or LA?
does any one liek soccer?
advantages of teenage curfews?
Why does PayPal want me to confirm my bank account?
my vagina is burning what is wrong?
What is an Anti-Christ?
ABC Analysis?
where do you go to look for  a job?
What does the Xenon gas do?
does anybody kno a boy named momo?
Hackey Sacks - Which is better?
why do females and males become attractive to there same sex?
Why is 1+1=2 ?
who's your team for the playoffs?
how do televison affect behavior?
What payroll taxes do I need to pay for our corporation?
Moses in Heaven?
How to check  US Dollar $ original or duplicate?
What Country are you in?
What makes a good boss?
skin biology?
What is the next number in this sequence?
Anyone know any really good excuses?
How can I learn hydrokinese?
Explain the difference between secularism and atheism?
What sound or noise do you love?
What is the Difference Between The Rich and The Poor?
what is the translation of God is Dead in Latin?
anyone from nunavut?
eye colors?
Anybody here an English teacher in Japan?
Do u believe in ghosts?
pregnant women?
how can i get better abs?
how do I locate Custer County, Colorado court house?
Stats?????
how do you feel about yourself honestly?
In your darkest moment(s) and please be?
Displacement idea please!!!!?
What do you do?
What is rubber made of???
Who scored the fastest Premiership Hatrick.?
Matthew 7:6?
what is a free agent  and unrestricted free agent in hockey?
How do i sell a map?
How can I learn about Autocad from internet?
Some romantic details for expressing affection?
research studies, peoples pay for reseach studies?
What is a disease?
how can I make my boyfriend to love me more?
meaning of the word "dwelling"?
Why dos life suck?
What is a great movie everybody should to see?
the word excavated means?
Can you cure asthma?
What does the White Man's Burden mean??
I need a boy to answer this for me?
Do you remember the 70's show Medical Center?
Who is better Mariah Carey or J. LO?
Ah, will drunk people ever say what they mean?
Do miracles still happen?
What kind of drugs must one take?
jolin tsai?
who won the 1975 worldcup?
which animal live on human body??
what makes an area to be a community?
What are orbs that show up in pictures?
Should I shave off my beard?
what does it mean when?
the limt system?
What is the hair on your head made of?
is driving school required to get road test?
how do you get over love  form being together for 2 year?
Can you buy elements?
who would you say is the best at 3 pointers?
Why can't I stay interested in anything?
after effects of cancer?
Where is the closest gunsmith too Casey Illinois?
How can I bet on the Kentucky Derby here in East Carolina ?
How do u seduce a guy when he is falling asleep?
What is the South's main crop?
What are 3 breathing emergencies ?
Does Incest really take place in reality ?
what is a siegel boot?
Can anyone help me with my Physics homework???
What is the best party song ever!?
what feeling is the best feeling?
how do i permanently magnetize a piece of sheet steel?
What are ways to control your breathing when working out?
Have you flown your bicycle on American Airlines?
What exactly is a Gibbous moon?
Did continuous masturbating effect erection of penis?
which is worse?
what is bors ?
what is the meaning of SPT_DXY?
I get upset that my boyfriend looks at certain magazines?
What would Jesus do for a Klondike bar?
What do girls look for in a guy?
whats the best thing and worst thing about your job?
should a guy 17 hook up with a 30 year old woman?
what is NATO stand for?
When do you give bridesmaids your gift to them?
what have you done today that makes you feel proud.?
what does improbable research mean?
How do you get rid og the hiccups?
Are you a U2 fan?
how do you think a first kiss actually hapens?
Is it normal to feel faint after having a tooth extracted?
How has the basketball league changed over the years?
how can i find a girlfriend?
Can anyone give me the email address of church of all nations?
I cant stop masterbating.I?
pregnancy weight?
Volume of a TANK ??????
Is it unhealthy to eat raw rice?
Is it possible to reshaft a carbon composite golf club?
poco ritard.?
who are gansu sky horses?
What was the order in which the noble gases were discovered?
My apartment might be making me sick.  What can I do?
The gaseous envelope surrounding earth is called?
Who is the president of Japan?
what is the perfect valentines gift for a man?
Best Formula One driver of all time?
What is ur concept of right and wrong?
i know i need help but no one will listen?
What is the difference between no & not?
Gary Broslma?
does anyone know how to get a girlfriend if you afraid?
evoulution?
Who has got a fix for a headache?
how do you know some one really likes you?
How to get tickets for Emeril Live?
why a man blink?
What resources do volcanoes produce?
St Johns Wort?
give some tips on basketball?
Is it possible to explain logic to someone?
what is a music program that reads WAV files?
Why is 0^0=1?
Rock slide prevention?
where can i find a friend to talk with online?
Guys: How do i get your attention?
what is the moral of this legend?
"Personal jesus" What does it mean?
is there anyway 2 get over my mothers death.?
What's the difference between between a puppy and a man?
i need comparisons of sport power boats?
How many digits of pi can you recite?
What should I wear to church?
what is the answer to life?
Are they painful?
Who would you pick?
what's the difference between cross country and track?
does jesse mccartney have girlfriends?
Other forms for migraine headaches?
can a single man and woman just be friends?
what is critical mass,fission ,fussion .?
how do you get copper and silver clean with a shine?
What does 6 F in a F mean?
All Atheists......?
Accounting Question?
How to test if you have bad breath or not?
Why isnt Blues as big as it used to be?
Can you write in tongues?
what states have a lower cost of living???
Is Wayne Dyer a drug addict?
i need facts on water erosion, where do i look?
are you the bomb?
Someone Please Help Me Out Here...?
Which is the best pick up line to a girl?
In which  medium does sound travel fastest?
Ideas for a 30th Birthday Present?
Do you have passion for life, for love, for everything?
How do you talk to someone who's really shy?
Why are we allowing Saudi text books in USA?
why are my friends so different?
What country will win the European football cup ?
name one thing you want to do before you die?
who has the best football team!?
what does the hollywood 24 hour miracle diet work?
What is your favorite NFL team?
Please suggest me a solution for the below question?
how do you get rid of bags under your eyes?
Is there scope for commerce stream?
Why is intelligent design a fallacy?
How do i calculate salinity from conductivity?
Should I be upset?
europe's highest peak?
Where can I find people who are interested in network marketing?
Should I move to get a better job?
Where is the best place to find pharmacy tech textbooks?
Can I start my own company while working for another?
do you think God answered the prayers of Jesus Christ?
How far is New Jersey and Georgia from Phoenix?
who said...?
Treasury Bonds?
any remedy for stop snoaring?
Nike+ - Are there any other products like this?
i need all u s a messanger id?
do u have an obituary of charles fey?
how do i get my girl friend more?
what are the good things about being in foster care?
whats the mean of the Pentium?
Is Tupac Dead?
school dist code for springfield city school?
Why do women wear underwear? What is the point?
Why do men feel it is OK to hit woman?
What is the major concern/issue confronting American education?
Town spelled like parsimony in New Jersey?
My  ex-boyfriend wants another chance...?
What are Credit Derivatives ?
what nationality do u think has the sexiest guys???
Has anyone that has stopped eating red meat noticed weight loss?
Should I be buying Delta?
Does anyone know this mythical animal?
who is maradona?
which has a greater kinetic energy, a bullet or a gun?
Do you know what the word "cute "actually means?
Tell me something about the history of July?
Tell me your Ghost stories?
what is love? why we love?
where are you from?
can you work Part-Time while getting your Doctor of Pharmacy?
Where is the Philips Headquarters located?
Drug Slogans?
Why invest in Singapore?
Sirius or XM radio?
what will happen when petroleum won't be there?
What are all the formats or styles for research papers?
Do you believe in superstition?
Females - Would you have sex for money?
to all girls and boys?
wats is brazillians mother toungue?
Pleazz help?
why is bulbasaur page #1 in the pokedex?
Projects for graduate Maths classes?
which state has the lowest crime rate in the country?
Do you know the Date of Birth of your parents?
How do l tie my shoelace?
when mailing securities, how much should you insure for?
i am pass my exam?
Any ideas on how to get rid of discrimination against Asians?
how do i get back with my ex bf?
college algebra help?
What animal has three hearts?
Metonymy anyone? I need some good examples :)?
Whats the secret to beauty?
hey do u know what ten fingers is?
what is a tripod posture sign?
High school Basketball schedule ?
Is Masterbating harmful?
is love real .?
what would they mean?
what is GDP per Capata?
Do you think short people or tall people are better?
the mediterranean sea touches what three continents?
Rebuild or Carry on?
oww sexx hurts HELP?
Why would a club suggest white attire?
In which country do Huns live?
ANXIETY, i need help?
how long r softball or baseball fields?
what is the true nature of evil?
No sex at all for 4 weeks!  What to do?
searching for a sample letter of rental history verfication?
Where are some haunted places to visit in North Carolina?
who else on here is 16?
what is the best way to get a girl to like you?
Anyone working for HSBC???
Q: did you know?
what is pi?
What would you do if.....?
missing money?
Have you ever.....died?
OK, here's a good one....?
What should DX do next!?
What are some fun and interesting sites to look at?
Do both of these sentences mean the same thing?
What is your idea about life?Is it difficult or easy?
Can I help you?
When is Ashley from the WWE expected to return to action?
If Jesus Came Today......?
Why did God create Scientists?
How many goals did Trezeguet score this season?
what is.....?
what is the structure of DNA?
Who actually purchased Brokeback Mountain? (Besides me)?
how do you calculate square footage?
who are the leaders in the hinduism religion?
Can anyone give me some advice about a BEd?
What are some important uses of Selenium?
Do you believe that the Bible supports astrology?
how to tell when someones lieing?
getting a job?
University Admission?
the most serious problem wth aggression is that?
Lookin for a job...?
How do I tone and firm my upper body.?
How MOS capacitor works at Ghz frequencies?
what is the purpose of life?
What happened??
what does a hernia feel like?
Fruits Basket(the Anime)?
what illnesses does penicillin treat?
right time, right place?
problems with new glasses lenses.?
why guys like to be sucked?
Are Israelis better looking than Palestinians?
Where can I find gem quality Pink Topaz?
About a question I asked before...?
What do u think about India......?
Find OA . OB?
Is this normal ?
help please?
Do you stare at mens crotches all day?
will futurama make a new tv season?
If Mary had a little lamb.....?
Who's the winner?
Life changing moment.?
Who was Yardna dal gargan?
What is meant by 'bulk' here?
What do u think about Australian movies?
What is Murphys law?
What are some good gift ideas for someone coming out of surgery?
Why is chinatown so dirty?
Becoming obsessed?
a circle graph compares what of a whole?
What brand(s)?
How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol?
How should your total take home pay be divided amongst expenses?
Maximize the objective function subject to the given constraints.?
A good present to give your 50 year old father in law ?
Why we want ourselves far away from faith?
does dieting leads to eating disorders?
what is mean by glass fiber?
How do I hit my Hybrid Iron?
in a winter day?
Is this a bad thing?
How do you figure density ?
folk rock  fans?
does anybody when the first world cup match is?
Can WVU play in the BCS Championship game?
medical management on haemorrhoids?
what a cycle lenght means in days?
problem what to do?
How many tablespoons are ther in a gallon?
why do women do this?
hover craft?
how cold is it in the north pole?
who is your favorite artist ?  mines is bow wow?
Does God have a male appendage?
Girls, which do u prefer?
canada payday loans ODSP?
The Nativity Story ???????
Do you think its right for a teacher to insult a student?
quelle place en championat finira le psg?
Does anyone know of an "Online Francise?"?
components of internal control?
why are humans idiots?
physics help?
how to avoid gastric problems?
who is the Malaysia's police boss?
What is the name of the toy...?
who is an extremely offensive comedian?????
how far is it from earth to actual outer space?
What's the keynesian revolution about?
Best Brands??
anyone know how to cure chronic headaches?
Do you think the expression 'touch base' is over used?
Did ya know Rat is wild and crazy guy ?
is it important?
Where can I get money without paying it back?
What is each letter of the Greek Alphabet?
pro fighters that have won 100 or more fights?
What do you take for a headache?
why do tick bites take so long to heal?
i need free information about general geology for master digree?
What is KPI?
which english born united states comedian was once a boxer?
what do you like to do?
Where is the best place to get a low priced nose piercing?
what is the pub called in only fools and horses?
mountain climber?
how do i register my cv on careerjunction?
Free Julius Gay Comics?
does anyone know?
what is the average salary of an executive administrative assistant?
Where can I get Laurie Berkner lyrics?
If you take this series;?
why the use of the mobile phone should be restricted in bank?
iam really un popular with the ladies.  Any tips?
what are the costs for synthetic turf fields (soccer)?
people help me plz!!!!?
one yard concrete equal how many square feet of concrete?
any Mark Walberg fans?
Blood Pressure?
Does Saw Palmetto really work on hair loss?
why do we here a beep in our ears sometimes?
Penis friction burn?
Whats does phi2 in a statistics problem tell you?
who won the dallas cup this year?
what is your fav. number?????
i need help for my boyfriend!!?
Math help..........?
what is a gyrodyne?
Anyone have a toenail fall off?
how much should i charge people for washing their cars?
product development in biotech?
what is wasington state nick name?
Name the one you love?
who sings the song you and me?
Do I tip a hospice worker?
Do elephants get into heaven with people?
Looking for two translation terms?
What can I do about dental work if I have no insurance?
3 + 3 =                 ?
is this normal?????
guy says i dont talk enough....?
want money?
What is "Meissner effect" Use for??
Ever heard of Lewton Elementary School in Dayton Ohio?
how can i find detailed information about green roofing?
what is the best under eye serum?
Which player scored the first hat trick in a World Cup match?
Does Ben Roelisberger sound "black" when he talks?
non pay people finder?
wht is the real fact behind all this?
Would you share your testimony with me ?
whats love?
what is the best thing you have ever paid for?
What does the term "pistol-whipped" mean?
why do we do a principal component analysis?
HELP...Grey's Anatomy!?
how did houdini die?
how does mortage loans help us in everyday life.?
any one ever went to an allergist?
What does John 10:28-29 mean?
plz answer this..?
are u gay or straight?
How to really do well on the asvab?
What is perifial aretery disease?
which club has win the ufachampion leag most?
polerized sun glasses?
What is the function of a DNA?
Where do I get brand names for corporate logos?
How about those Cavaliers?
Taking Yaweh out of the bible?
what would be a cool concert to go to?
What criteria should I consider when searching for a used fishing boat?
who is SEHWAG????
can someone get ssi disability if they have depression???
Is it weird that I've never had a boyfriend?
what is Automatic Picture Transmission?
blond joke?
which boy shall i be with ?
physics???
Is 24 too old to consider become pregant?
Are we living in the end of time?
What year was Pele's final world cup?
What is the History of the Ashes?
I need help with another verse, Help me understand?
What is a clap board?
Do you ever feel forgotten?
What was your very first job? How old were you?
psychic predictions?
Do i lower my standards?
Why is our earth referred to as the Blue Planet?
looking for transvestite strip clubs in nj?
Do hard contact lenses cause the eyes to become permanently red?
How can I stop from losing my sanity?
Live Journal?
What is the perfect gift a guy can give to his girlfriend?
what are the ten steps of mummy making?
my cousins man wants anal sex?
what is the best way to get out of trouble?
Any ultra-sound techs? any pursuing?
it's on the same subject that i ask already!?
How can i build a water rocket at home?
If boys stare at me what should i do?
has anyone quit smoking and how did you do it?
What women like the most in a relationship?
information on what international management is?
Why are there crazy people?
Pre-qualified for a loan?
quick help?!?
What is water fasting?
tell me about power transformer?
is it physco feeling????
Would you be angry if...?
who agrees that president bush is bad?
how do I register boat in WI?
Two verbs at once?
where in the bible does it say masterbation is wrong?
help!!! please i just cant get it.?
what is smaller than nucleus?
where to get an football agent.?
Are you a klutz? What happens?
In what year did football start?
who thinks soccer is boring and how would you describe soccer?
ok, g/f may be pregnant, whats next?
What does it mean when you get blisters in soccer?
What did the fossil do when it was alive?
Best Anti Inflammatory drug?
Where does that phrase "hair of the dog" come from ?
how big is a football pitch?
answer this what would you do?
if i dont do my back?
What would the answer be to this rational expression math problem?
Is Sandy the Squirrel a lesbian?
Does too much masturbation affects the sex life?
do drug tests test for prescription medicine?
Why did he call me a psycho?
what nationality is guido?
Whatever happened to Annika Rice from challenge annika?
masters cup/nadal ou federer?
What should I talk about on a blind date?
Referee of Argentina Mexico Match?
why do some people make fun of god?
Where is a nice place to meet a women?
did he do it on purpose.?
Why is wrestling so darn HOT!!?
Speed Of Light Problem?
how do you say out spoken in Spanish?
this weight bad for my height and age?
Finish this sentence...?
What is the size of the london tower bridge?
how many ants have u seen so far?
what are some poor habits that can affect your health?
Are any of you interested in Economics?
For non-Christians, Why are you so angry at Christians?
How do i find a really short timeline????
what's Vietnam's zip code?
Who has Migraines? I have a few questions.?
how do i detect seaman stains in or on clothing?
would i be a good christian?
How do I find the NBA's new dress code?
Are zac and vanessa a couple ?
who played in the superbowl in 2004?
do you have a diagram of an x ray machine?
What are the best hiking boots under $100?
tell me what u think of this site!?
what is a hamiltonian matrix?
world series?
im 13 can i get a job?
Who would win the fight? Bruce lee vs Tyson?
Should there be a direct button to Polls and Surveys?
Opinion: Is The DaVinci Code real?
Is the "next day pill" 100% efective?
Would an 8 inch candle be enough?
what is the best one money or love?
Can God really hear your thoughts?
How do I decide what position to play?
Is mathematics *the* universal language?
how do you fix an error 22 in yahoo music?
How was Halloween?
Autobiography?
How do I know I'm in love?
action of formacresol?
how do i get thru a busy phone line?
Does anyone have a really good calculator?
How do fishes survive in water of low oxygen saturation?
upper abdominal movement?
Stupid mind games guys play?
is softball a sport???
Daft tramp one?
What's the best way to find an apartment in Boston?
is CLEAR a color?
What size jig should I use for striper?
help me, please.?
Attendance in highschool?
Can anyone rate my Fantasy Baseball team?
What is SDS in 'Samsung SDS'?
Whats your advice?
Question for Christians - legitimate or illegitimate?
what happens to bees in the winter time?
Is Zac Efron Gay?
How can I access a webpage blocked by my schools server?
What did you promise yourself you would not do today ??
would you name your kid " allbay acsay"?
30 06 rifle: winchester vs remington?
Who would win?
Some churches have hidden wealth. What should you do ???
How do YOU spell relief?
How long can gonorrhea lay dormant in the body?
some one know the name?
What nutritional value does cauliflower have?
why do girls always have to play mind games?
exponential and log functions?
labour and delivery courses or class,ca?
Songs that every bass player should know?
whate is Easter Sunday in 2007?
Where can i find good paying part time jobs?
Whats a good brain supplement?
Visa Check card  commercial song?
What is the white house made out of?
Guys help???
Discrete Math Help Needed?
How is Absolute zero possible?
How do you rename files in your MP3 Player?
Does accupuncture treatment helps?
how to treat a fratured navicular?
Who would you choose? God or the devil? And Why?
does bowflex really work?
is dave batista a virgin?
shayne ward?????
How far is a block?
answer my question?
How can I make fast cash?
What could stop me from accessing my credit report?
after how much time should you throw pain relievers away?
Can anyone suggest some good Christmas gifts to send overseas?
What is the definition of a contract deliverable?
how do i overcome premature ejaculation?
How do I find the right female for me.?
Anyone on here from Kansas city,Mo ??
Why don't the American Idol winners do anything?
Top 15-20 business magazines on making money?
What is your opinion on Christian Hedonism?
can i get my math teacher arrested 4 giving too much homework?
Is ours an entangled universe?
name of the company do international business in india?
What would u do?
What exactly does chromium do in a diet supplement?
Why sex is so enjoyable?
anyone know about CDPHP medical insurance in New York?
Cascada vs. Emma Bunton?
Are my humps really Lovely lady lumps?
Whats your favorite song?
can 210 cholesteral lead to heart desease?
what's the meaning of "they are so gone"?
is Kellen Gay?
what are the names of the U.S ethanol producing companies?
What is Leo Mazzoni doing now?
Do lobsters feel pain when dropped into boiling water?
Algebra help?
Bad toothache?
Yes or No?
what turns you on guys?
1 if x rational, 0 if x irrational?
where do I find blacktail deer?
Does anyone know what this Reggae song is called?
How long do you usually take in the shower/bath?
Who should be allowed to choose friends in a relationship?
what was adolf hitlers relgion?
what is the darkest light?
can you post a picture of what you really look like?
is 6.5 big enough?
Who was the greatest emporor of japan?
Is Dirk your homeboy?
Seripus Question?
Why is a college education now so useless?
Are any of the great apes scared of water?
human spleen?
what can I do with a degree in psychology?
Do you think that rural to urban migration should be banned?
What are they saying?
How many elements are there in periodic table now???
it's too bad to choose be alone?
who will win France-Spain???
Have you blown any major opportunities?
Is it bad to hold in poop or pee?
What are your plans for the weekend?
What is the difference of monkey and chimpanzee?
How to make Gods call and election sure?
How can I gain weight and keep speed and endurance?
How do you know religion is real?
will you marry me?
where can I purchas a cerumen spoon?
how to make an egg unbreakable?
how many golfballs are allowed in a bag during tournament play?
Pepsi, Coke or Doctor Pepper?
Why is coeducation beneficial for students?
Would you?
any body going 2 spurs camp (overnight)?
What is the difference between a bug and an insect?
how can i get a really flat tummy?
Did you go to church today?
What are your experiences with ....?
what is with this???please help!?
how you say,whats up in spanish?
Ladies:  Pads or Tampons?
About bonds?
What are some good rebellion songs?
Canadians,How popular is Curling?
Does anyone know anything on John A Mcdonald?
japanese influence in the philippines?
Please every1 Help me!?
romeo or bow wow?
Religion, Spiritualist, friends...?
Is it true nobody listens to you until you fart?
Does marketing generate needs?
Why do people bash??
is mexico gonna pass to the quarter finals?
why does magnetic field is produced when current pass through a conductor ?
Can I do my PhD from home in India?
help???? spanish?
what is 837 divided by 7?
were da ladies that know how to treat a man right?
Can you prove that Santa Clause does not exist?
Why do we choose one religion but not others?
my feelings and porn?
Why does peroxide bubble?
Why do people from Iran call them selves Persians?
What does the word 'bigot' exactly mean?
i want to watch female twins go at it?
Girls please help me?
What is the URL for Card Captor episode 30?
What does "strike out the side" mean?
Where is the baroreceptors located?
premature grays?
have you ever been a victim of a series of accidents?
Real Or Fake?
what are the branches of chemistry?
Has any one seen or had made plans to see this?
Please help again?~spanish?
electrical license glenview?
How  do you mend a broken heart?
Is there website for free reverse address checking service?
was chewbacca conceived out of wedlock?
where can i download Rupert Holems "Timothy"?
branches of social science?
What does this mean?
Are you an..... Answering Machine?
what are all the dangers of tongue pearsings?
Has anybody else noticed ?
who in league 1 scored a hat trick on his debut?
chemistry smart people?
How do u make a boy laugh?
what does the moon mean?
who is the owner of costco?
Am i good Person?
How high can a gas filled balloon travel upward?
What's the best cure for a cold?
Which day of the month ?
What is Answerteller.com?
guys do you think that a short female would make sexy model?
Just more on my situation?
do women like heavy metal?
what's the best method of memorizing definitions?
What are some good defenders in the world cup this year?
Did the Memphis - Houston deal go through?
the most overrated wwe superstar of today?
how to ask ?
What post - expansion 1967 NHL teams have never won Stanley Cups?
cyclist i have a sorta dumb question?
My boyfriend is lazy?
Who is going to be selected first in the 2006 NFL draft?
I'm 27 and , I have To much  discharge?
How many people agree with me on this?
what do a man really want from a woman?
How many space shuttles are there in space?
help me please?
is it hard to please an older women specially in bed?
can any one solve this problem?
Why was disco so successful?
how dou get women to stop complaning .?
what was the mos traumatic event in your life?
How do fish stay alive in the winter?
Snowboard/Ski Goggles?
what is the best way to learn english?
What's your favorite Tarantino film?
when a guy makes a girl smile, how does he feel?
Is it mongooses or mongeese?
is fencing sport is good and entertaining sport?
Why don't we have multi-coloured roses?
how do i know if she loves me?
what do these aphorisms mean?
Controversy in Athletics and Academics?
How do I find someone without having to hire a PI?
how do u lose 10 pounds in 2 days?
that is the one thing you Love about sex and why?
How do you feel whenever you are alone?
How exactly do Genesis 1 & 2 contradict each other?
Who Do You Think Is The Most Frusterated?
How to make your biceps strength ???
i lookfor computer hardware traning center?
Brain Teaser?
Physics question, HELP PLEASE!!?
how do you get inherantly lazy people to work harder?
Basketball:Tips on playing down low?
Which one weighs more: milk or water?
Which is your favorite word?
What does a red moon mean /signify?
What are some good teen magazines?
Do you think this is helpful?
is internet harmful or useful?
ok so heres my question...?
have u seen ciaras new movie all youve got?
Does the kilograme only exists in France?
Why is nobody worried about the bird flu?
how much oil do we use each year for oil changes?
Can people outside see me in the window at night?
While on a ride, what have you learned?
how do you say i love you in german?
Any Nail Biters Out There?
corvette or gt mustang?
why they call it the redzone?
Redskins fans: What went wrong this season?
Can someone give me advice on what to do?
how should to be resign letter?
which country has the smallest population?
why is afi the greatest band of all time?
What are powdered egg whites?
what are the advantages of exponents?
Can anyone think of a funny/witty volleyball team name?
How to get a green card?
If you got a itch a cat can't scratch?
Yahoo! Mail gives members random cash prizes.Real?
Where does your religion tell you heaven is?
why do you want to be an I.T. engineer?
Should I meet up with him again??
What is the formula for Norman's rule of plasticity  ?
I Have a Programming Ques..?
why did the chicken cross the road?
what's important for girls?
Looking for gymnastics classes for "actual" adults. Any ideas?
Is This A Sign Of Break Up?
Are you excited about Opening Day?
Where were GMOs created? Why?
Someone asked a question?
how can I get ratings on power wheelchairs?
can the vacume in space be presurised?
what are complications of birthing in psysically abused women?
Atheists!  Please help me.?
How do you separate the desired DNA from all others?
what are two peninsulas of southeast Asia?
If someone asks you to steal something for them, would you?
fun question?!!?
LEVEl three time!?
struggling with algebra?
Natural Remedies for excessive gas?
What would be worth risking your life for?
my life is boring?
how can i forget about my boyfrind?
everybody how can guys start 2 notice me?
does Daniel Radcliffe have a girlfriend...?
Can't speak with guys who hit on me?
Am I an addict?
what sports have the most alhletes?
"mathematical concept in management"?
Why are there so many questions about Steve?
A band symbol?
what is a perfect number?
What is the oldest law in History?
How can I find marine biology work in America?
Is having a mullet odd?
what is the total percentage of left handers in the world?
need to know everything about category management in retail business?
How many women are doing anal intercourse.?
Did the WWE try to sign New Jack a while back?
Are you a girl in the Seattle area?
need a girlfriend?
Any advice for a 13 yr old girl about guys?
what does ineffective or effective mean?
what is wanye rooney birthday?
How is Creon the tragic hero of Antigone?
What makes lobsters turn red?
What is the Purpose of Football?
tell me more about Budhism.?
seem to be putting on weight after ejeculating?
Why the Aries sign of the zodiac goes first?
What do you think about UPDA?
Da Vinci, truth to the fiction?
why do people hate the yankees so much?
what are effect of smoking to the respiration?
Energy metabolism?
what is ur ideal gf?
article about heavy metals in green leafy vegetable?
what is the origin of the word gag?
Why is laughter a good medicine?(I love laughing)?
Do YOU believe that aliens come and fly around earth?
When is the Real 1st day of Christmas like in the song?
what does the word Syndicationmean?
what are the U.S. territories?
Give me some lame pick-up lines??
Opinions?!?
What are the religious, cultural, and political development of China?
How do you foresee this season for the Heat?
price of bell south stocks on febuary 22,2005?
Why can't you have your cake and eat it too?
algebra help?
Why did the Puritans leave England?
how to remove static from my hand ?
have you cheated?on anything?
i wanted tips for printed advertising?
Women on the birth control patch...?
is it bad to be bi?
What was your favorite ppv this year?
your face is too ugly. can you change it for me?
What is STD ?
Are all human beings related because we all eat bread?
Do you have dreams or nightmares more often????
hoe to avoide anxity stress?
Can you major in art and become a fashion designer?
What do you do in a boyfriend dilemma?
What is your definition of Racism?
Who is the better QB, Troy Smith or Brady Quinn?
Is it right for Yahoo to promote Gay Pride day?
Who is the best male active soccer player of the world?
Role Playing time: French Maid or Naughty Nurse?
Who will be the MVP for this year's Super Bowl?
Where can I find Odes to Love?
What is the evolution of the Beaver?
How do I find out If my boyfriend is cheating on me?
what should i buy 1 26 year old guy for his birthday?
what are you people still doing up this late at night?
how much should you weigh at age 14?
what is the rebies`s disiese?
how do i start a sucessful modeling career?
does it snow on Saturn?
how do you know when you have an orgasm?
info on automobile recall?
why are conselations often named after mythological creatures?
how do you know when you have an orgasm?
what dose thirst of glory mean?
What's your favorite thing to wake up to?
what cause lower stomach presure?
Can you help me choose my elective course?
How was Micheal Jackson found innocent?
how do you tune to a C on a guitar?
where to go to get hawaiian golf accessories?
Was is the difference between an ideology and a religion ?
how  to  tell   your   ex   that  your   dating   his   friend?
is investing in dinar a good investment?
If give the opportunity how many ladies would be with another woman?
How do seabirds excrete salt water?
What does everyone have against Jews?
What brings you true happiness??
are you prepared for end times?
History Essay?
Tryouts Basketball?
why is it called a shoe "BITE"?
who is ready for a for another upset?
How does the FHA makes it money?
When is the next old firm game?
Am I belimic?
Diane from ANTM cycle 5????
why do my fingernales break?
What does "higher than normal gross profits" mean?
Scarlet Letter?
how sun become supernova and why?
Mistrust...?
advice on what foods to avoid for a low thyroid?
Why is my right hand muscle bigger than the the left?
Is anyone familiar w/ Mastocytosis?
Halidol Dosage?
is the term "white house" racist to some level?
will a guy at school ever like me?
where can i find a spot to surf by bellingham Washington?
I need some dieting help!?
trainning for self defence?
what's the bane of your existence?
what is the website for pennsylvania jails?
anyone know three invertabrate hormones?
I have panic/anxiety disorder...?
stocking stuffers? christmas?
'Secret to Success" by Hadag Nachash Lyrics?
How do you get rid of a cold/fever ASAP?
What is the most spectacular modern engineering structure in the world?
how to jump higher in volleyball?
I am still a learner in swimming?
Have you ever has the clap ?
where did venus williams go to school?
please help me feel better?
What does this mean?
RE: What the deal with these mortgage companies?
Dose the moon orbit the sun?
Does anyone remember this group?
Is anybody a big fan of the wwe?
I am looking for a movie called "A New Leaf"?
Is abortion of a group of cells murder?
What is the meaning of life?
What do/did you want to be when you grow up?
does echinacea really help shorten a cold?
what anchient civilization discovered the decimal system.?
what is a good web site for science fair projects?
Why do people treat this site like it's a forum?
what if the boy you liked asked you out and?
why is there a leap year every 4 years?
Conseil pour un driver...?
Workout wear and lines!?
how to find the value of vinyl records i own?
Master degree?
Where and how do male birds conceal their genitalia?
ok here goes ......?
what are the different phases of fire?
who invented the bra?
There was a Japanese man?
complex.complicated?
What are the rules around dates and attending weddings?
Am I Being A Fool Or Should I Fight?
how do i get my kud to loose waghet?
how much is a gram or gold worth?
What is the value of THANKSGIVING?
what does ASAP mean?
What do you call a she monkey ?
Sex and leg cramps?
The area of the Moon that appears the brightest is?
essay on kiran bedi as my role model?
Pasir Ris fishing pond location and phone number?
when did beyonce and jay z break up?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What is 6 x 124 x 23 x 3?
Should I continue with math and science?
do you like James Blunt?
How can you make a fire without a match?
when does a 10-99 tax form need to be sent?
are there any house rules that a guest should follow?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of electrical enegy?
what does "behind enemy lines" mean?
Who wins the 3rd place in world cup 1982?
10 sticks of dynomite how many left??
sexual health?
Is there any basketball players from Florida?
what is a active directry?
What is the currency used in on line software purchase price?
what is the best steel frame road bike?
where can i get a cheap guitar for around $50 online?
Have any Aston Villa players also played in the UAE?
When will the Yahoo Beta end?
What does the utah jazz need to be a playoff team?
Who invented the golf tee?
Do you prefer a real Christmas tree or a fake one?
what is the history of high school yearbooks?
where can I study medical esthetics diploma?
should i ask him if he has prostate cancer?
Can I consider watching a Jesus movie worshiping time?
Are there any regions in Brazil?
When is final destination 3 coming out on dvd?
jerome a scope?
what is the role of accounting information system in total quality management?
Define crop diversification.?
ive been hearing stories about prarie dog?
Can you teach yourself styles of martial arts?
Could Parker ever be a girl's name?
what would you do if you were me?
Why is Truth so bitter?
which character in the bible was struck dead for lying?
Galloway worth starting?
what is mean by dude?
When is the best time to buy a Chistmas tree?
Isn't Paypal great?
Who are the mormons?
whats the best way to loose belly fat and weight?
basic cocepts of c?
What is this song?
Does anyone know what this means?
photoimpact activation code?
What is the meaning of a shooting star?
how do you get your boyfriend more interested in romance?
An unusual occurrence.?
Would you  tell me what you think of a poem of mine?
Where can I finance a computer with no credit?
How many ducks will the wolf eat?
Jericho vs Deadman?
Is it bad or good?
did oprah kick tommy hilfiger in her show?
Who is thomas gainssborough?
i want know about english?
what is a neutral atom?
interracial.com singles?
what do I have to study to become a radiologist?
how to get a gf?
how many years of study are involved in becoming a chemist?
help with dy/dx?
Is Satanism older than Christianity?
How can we start a rain water harvesting system at our school ?
What are "Sweary Qs"?
Why is it important to have social education?
Is there truly a cure for HIV/AIDS in Africa?
is there any skills can help me improve spelling n grammar.?
late and wait what is difference between their taste?
what is a good topic for my science report?
slogan on sports?
What's you favorite music video right now?
is yeah consider a word?
have ever done this?
kidney stones?
What's your deal?
what questions do you ask when evaluating a source, and why?
How many gay black men are attracted to gay white men?
Does anyone know what a "Navajo Skin walker" is ?
Do u think this is strange?
Finite hellatious Word Problem?
should i sell my house and rent?
what is live wire?
Is it true that word searches increase your IQ?
how i can use the run command to open many explorer windows?
football (the ball)?
who is joyce trask?
what qualifications does someone need to become a miner?
Iz it important to be popular at school?
How many  African American man age 21-25 on here?
Where to put directx 9c?
For the girls?
Do humans have any incompetence dominance?
Want to buy a handicraft wholesale Buddha in Sri Lanka?
Real  girls do not kick balls!?
Could you help my wife and myself?  Any suggestions?
hey people would u help me with this problem please?
how can i treat prolactinemea?
Contacts or Glasses?
what are the formality and informality of speech situations?
name all the teams left in the fifa world cup?
how do i chat with wowway?
why do girls love to ?
quote on car engines - internal combustion engines -?
RAM Memory in my machine? Help?
i think the song is posion but help me someone?
give me the solution.?
what is a good senior prank?
How to explain "on the sales block" as in?
Is a camera a source of light?
Who is the present owner of The Chicago Cubs?
Which is worse?
Not a question, just a funny joke?
Which are you scared of the most?
How can I get my own cartoon TV show like the Simpsons?
will grays athletic do well in div 2 next season?
is this a good  introduction paragraph?
radiation question?
i was born with thyroid problem?
How do you start off in the internet game runescape?
What is the name of this song? Who sings it?
what is a lien? insurance whise?
Terrorist groups.....?????
What's worse, USC or Notre Dame?
Troy Murphy???
How are activities regulated by chemicals produced by nerves?
Will Illinois make it to the Final Four this year?
how to let my boyfriend know i really do love him?
What do the ladies want from me- ryan s.?
what does the eagle symbolize in different countries?
Can INDIA  win the world cup 2007?
Walcott...Whats the point?
What does "over rated" mean?
How old has Green Day been a band?
How many years does someone go to school for accounting?
The Star Trek transporter, could it work?
What are some good basketball drills and techniques?
ACT question...?
dental plans,and being able to afford the treatment?
What does EP stand for?
How do u get rid of sore thoart?
what does a car piston do?
what is organizing medical transcriptions?
How Is inertial  Momentum  related to gravitational Momentum?
how to use a trail map?
Denver Broncos or Kansas City Chiefs?
Where do I find blank handwriting sheets to print?
Can a change in your sleeping pattern affect your health?
is limewire music Drmed?
How to dry textiles using stenters?
What experience in your life has made the most impact on you?
Advice Please!!!!!!!!?
I'm confused! Can you help please?
shop for clothes and shoes?
Who was the last NHL player who did not wear a helmet?
Does Australia get hit with tsunamis?
why do hands get wrinkly after a bath?
is paris hilton a slutt?
how can a girl GAIN weight?
how fast does pseudomonas grow in vivo?
Who is your most famous relative?
how to start an international money transfer business?
Which is the best management institute in india?
theres this guy in my gym class??
looking for ring tones of college fight songs.?
whats your favorite sport.?
Is i true that guys enjoy sex more then women?
Is Our media doing right to give publicity to only cricket?
Am I worrying too much?
Did raja bell completely blow it for his team?
which website is that can make my site?
looking for slim mature lady45-55 for fun?
Work this one out....?
How many here love Rammstein?
What happened on RAW last night?
Why?????????
Did Gene Rayburn ever host "The Hollywood Squares"?
looking for computer h.drive sale?
Who will the Seahawks draft with their 2nd round pick?
Do I seem like I'm lying?
How would the world be without the moon?
Does anybody think Michael Jackson is gay?
Cops and Noise Violations????
Should the NCAA basketball tournament be expanded?
Where is the best diving site in the world?
Does someone have a few tips for fitness?
describe about child in 10 words?
is jim neighbors the actor still alive?
How would the United States be if we ???
Is it wrong that I still have my Christmas tree up?
When are the grammy awards on?
Impeach President Bush?    What do you think?
Does God think and therefore she is?
anyone knows promotional codes for eharmony or match.com?
What are the consequences for drinking under the age in Germany?
what is NHRA?
Can you answer this trivia?
what genre/classification is....?
mathematical lessons?
How can I earn friends internationally? Can I be yours?
what is 'running title" in scientific publications?
Does anyone know what a Pershing missile is?
All you men, I need your answers?
How do Aboriginal people find their spiritual center?
"What Am I?" Riddle?
Shoreway sussen  Where is it?
How fast did Satchel Paige Pitch?
What is the oldest living creature on earth?
Who likes Big & Rich?
Who was President Carter's Secretary of State?
How has education evolved in China?
Will the Lakers win tonight against Phoenix?
How much vitamin C is in 1 cup of orange juice?
where are the best public schools in arizona??
What is the best group to target our catering services to?
when is thanksgiving?
what is a motion for stay?
how much is formula one teams costs ?
my kids allergy?
how do you say yes in portuguese?
How come brushing your teeth becomes tooth decay?
Will Wal-Mart call the fashion police?
Interview question...?
How long does it typically take to complete a doctoral degree?
What does the bobcat who crosses your path mean?
i love someone?
TV Journalism?
College basketball?
Is there an age limit for opening a bank account?
Confused?????
Chemistry :Dilution Help!?
how can you be happy?
Who has heard what Axl Rose did recently?
"DENT" in my chest?
Where is the best place in America to skydive?
what is a pull-up resistor?
describe three settings in great expectations?
anyone out there from the u.p if so where?
how does one erase web adress history?
who are the sexiest women white,black or asian?
why do we need interior department of the u.s?
where is the best place to meet nice men.?
which do u like more hollister or american eagle?
what is the number of zeros in 100 factorial?
When is walking and jogging too much?
when will the relative velocity between two bodies be zero?
what should i do for my mom brithday?
Does anyone know what David Iron's myspace is?
how can i learn c++?
Who Knew That Today...?
Does 'PBUH'ing work?
Do guys care more about looks than anything else?
How difficult is to be pregnant  when you are a teenager?
i need advice and i have limited funds.?
Where would you take me?
Who will the GATORS play in the national title game?
How to steal someone girlfriend?
what happened on september 11?
how do you become an agent in Mi6.?
why do  we give a penny to Guy Fawkes?
Dislocated shoulder - should I still play?
Why are Catholics so despised today?
Where could one find construction permits awarded online?
what is job recruitment and how is it evaluated?
about the aids question i asked?
Why are liberals so angry all the time?
I drive car. Who come with me?
Should criminals receive compensation...?
hwo is this trick called???
Isn't it the same thing?
Why do you hate Democrats??
why do o have either es or s?
Do you plan to vote tomorrow? Why or Why not?
"Punks" in high school?
where do red apples get their red pgment from ?
basic science question..?
Where can I find Star Wars back packs?
Pull yourself together.?
what is the strongest emotion?
how do i organize a political course for legislators in my country?
Someone tell me something so I can?
red bumps in the back of my THROAT.?
How can I make my girlfriend come?
Another Qur'anic miracle?
Come work one day at my job?
how do i manage a music producer?
How do I get this promotion?
who was tougher?
is it a sin?
Am I suffering from depression or something else?
Does geography or institutions cause economic growth?
is masturbating to much harmfull?
White rappers bettter than black rappers of course?
Has anyone listed their website in this search engine:?
How do you enter a degree symbol from a keyboard?
runescape!?
are Calvin and Hobbes the best double act ever??
true or false. geometry question corresponding angles postulates?
How tall is the tallest female olympic gymnast?
Who should be the next President of the United States???
Anybody going to the 500 Sunday?
Do I have to remind all of you again?
Shatner didn't listen?
what is the difference between the following ??
how do u find out about princeton?
How can I find and measure magnetic monopoles?
who is my best friend?
What is µm in particle size measurement?
I'm a celebrity get me out of here.?
What is your opinion about Ali Karimi?
im looking for zamier mier?
where is nasa?
where is junagadh?
In Billy Maddison....?
how do I do this algebra 1 problem?
Why are there so many sayings about salt?
Anybody want to give me money!!!?
Whats the distance from Bengal bay to Mount Everest?
should i be upset at mom's 3rd marriage?
how can I write off my federral student loans?
Ghostly Stories?
how do you edit properties in adobe reader 3.01?
What should i do ???
How do u get over being paranoid?
Trade deal?  Could use some advice?
Movie of the Week: X-Men Last Stand?
Is love a decision?
where can i view real time australia rules football?
Using the equations below?
how many nonconsecutive terms can one president serve?
Do I need to hire a lawyer for Immigration to Canada?
What did you get on the SAT/ACT?
Are there direct hiring opportunities now for non-native English teachers?
Why is Los Angeles better then rest of the country especially Phoenix?
Missing Link?
Where do you live and what time is it there?
how were the rolling stones formed?
What is that Japanese defense stick made out of wood?
What is all this about, Charlie Crist ?
what do you do?
What does PETA stand for?
Do you consider yourself politically informed?
Is the Diva search for Smackdown or Raw?
Relationship question! Really confusing! :)?
Do you people believe that I watched loose change in its entirety?
Who do you like better cm punk or rvd?
Is Freedom Really Free?
Why did God appointed thousands of prophets?
do the hospitals hire x-rays techs from usa?
What should I Get My Crush 4 Valentine's Day?
how many people know about the fair tax?
im 5'3.....?
What is the major difference between old and new PMP exam?
what is someone from milton keynes uk called?
Why does everyone call soccer players field fairies?
What is meant by the term 'meniscus'?
I am not trying to be mean...?
I really need to tighten my inner theighs?
Who was the 30th president?
who here thinks the steelers are winning the superbowl?
best treatment for idiopathic peripheral neuropathy?
Whats a butterball?
JOBS that hire young people?
Parking ticket loophole?
Any websites with all hollywood gossips?
Married People; how often do you make love with your partners?
toning  your legs,tummy,and butt??
What is the quickest way to make one million pounds legally?
Help with Jewelz Question?
Who's Indian here?
What are the dates for alligator mating season?
What does it mean when you wink one eye at someone?
when registering for community college?
wt is sex????
why does pop music suck so bad??
Do you like this Band?
will england win the 2006 world cup ?
is there something wrong with me?
Looking for golf league for mixed couples in Oakland County?
what is a disadvantage of using cell culture in cultivating virus?
does 2+2=5?
Are house prices about to crash?
What do you constantly do, but afterward regret?
why does wallace and gromit appeals to all ages?
how long is a chinese name !?
what store should i go to to find Oakland Raiders items?
What is your fav. t.v. show?
how do i buy a home for short sale?
Do you often ignore emails you are supposed to reply to?
Did any slaves get captured while traveling on the underground railroad?
kre suge pulaa?
Why school bags have wide straps?
Are you happy,sad, or angry ?
Who has been helped?
When did supermax prisons emerged?
Do you think this it's fair?
What is your favorite holiday of the year?
Where does 50 cent live?
have you ever gotten away from a dui? and how?
How do you define ...?
Is g-d one of us?
what is salafi dawah?
what are the three things men most hate about women?
Is anybody a conspiracy theorist?
how do you think a actual angel looks like?
Do i have a chance?
What's with all these depressing season finales?
what kind of religion is cao dai?
I like a golden shower!..Do you?
Need help finding a clinic ASAP?
how do you get rid of fat under your legs?
i search simple home appliance for produce it in iran?
ticket for a parking permit that was clearly displayed?
Is whey protein good for ladies who work out?
when does the first round draft take place?
china ISP names?
What is your favorite Rock N Roll band?
what you mean by capitalisation?
Do you work hard for the money?
Who will rule Internet -Google or Microsoft?
why are girls heart breakers?
How can I copy a DVD?
why am i barred fron yahoo pool?
Would you have sex with a nun at least once?
do guys like huge boobs?
ID Theft and Fraud?
Solar powered cars etc.?
what are lemsips?
videos of bad vs good techniques, bag work?
law of taking photo of others?
goota quit smoking help please any tips would be great?
Is online dating shameful?
baseball: types of curves?
Who is Osamu and who is Osama?
How can I contact Kathem Al Saher?
Have you changed your successful career because you were unhappy?
can you get coached at walmart for an accident?
where is the kuwait science center ?
where i can rent or buy an island?
comparative anyalysis of management theories?
what is the officialus govt green card website?
What is the US Policy on the following?
how do you get yahoo beta?
Can Bonds get to 756?
how to use citibank indianoilcard?
What laws cover absinthe?
I have a model 12 winchester trap grade made in 1924?
Is there a law in Illinois governs breaks in the workplace?
I am in trouble- please give me some advice.?
Is it a better option?
What can i do...?
condom brand.....?
Advice on family law please?
Does father Christmas exist?
how safe is limewire to download music?
some body help me how to face  interview?
Why do we have to take a foreign language to graduate?
wats the best medicine for people who smoke?
why are rein deer called reindeer?
how much weed smoking is too much weed smoking???
how many countries qualify for would cup in germany?
M...Click me!?
help me with my science project?
what do you think of Satan?
What is the scientific name for the newly discovered tenth planet?
how do you grade your on trading cards?
Explain database to a child.?
Why do people always answer two points?
who else digs the temptations?
can someone tell me where i can learn how to slide?
translate vietnamese to english?
what is sand and die casting??
Is there a biological explanation for the god myth?
takin blame for lost virginity...?
Three weeks to live?
Lexapro and Wellbutrin?
Daniel Radcliffe?
Do girls notice?
gay dating?
how do i change my font?
Being truely compatible.....?
Tell me everything about thalassemia.?
Is is free to have a PayPal Premier account?
Which Country is the best footballing nation ever and why?
whats the best food for skin.?
Will Mexico ever change?
do u think that learning new words is important? why?
Eye problem?
girls what do you prefer?
I wonder what Napoleon Dynamite's...?
please help me where can i download a partition manager for free?
do anyone know how to download photoshop for free..?
how do you get started in fourmula 1 racing?
do you take any drugs?
Is it bad if I think about sex all day long?
is fantasy football worth the effort ?
Is this true?   Anyone else heard of this?
Why does Earth have gravity, but other planets do not?
how to make myself happy??
why Bush is so DISGUSTING?
why do u people ask questions? u bums!?
Who is better Dr. J or Larry Bird?
Please check this paragraph for any errors?
GMT is abrrivation of what?
do you know any good studying strategies?
how do you give advice without offending?
what's love got to do with it?
Christian men should be eunuchs...?
Who owns the Ohio River? Kentucky or Ohio?
what is the speed of sound?
What is the guys name who plays Sawyer on Lost?
How do I get my name off of an internet family tree?
Should a girl have more than 1 man in her life?
which is the biggest Software industry in the world?
Stalking deer and fashioning blinds.?
Can I search on google for intelligent life?
what do you all think?
Is it possible for us to design electromagnetic automobiles?
What are the best online sites?
Why do republicans accuse democrats of raising taxes?
The Virginia Senate: Allen or Webb?
are braille maps available?
How can I live without you?
how can i learn how to massage?
does anyone have information on italy?
Is the Government giving us drity money?
What are some good gift ideas for my Dad?
what's the ugliest animal?
Could U Explain It For me Plz?
Why is Bush Still office, can he be recalled?
lost question?
What should I do?
Who will win the Big East title?
what is a software enginering?
What creates whitecaps in the ocean?
what is a convenience fee?
Whats the best way to sell a Homebased business?
Is being an actuary a good career choice?
Why do they call Travis Hafner PRONK?
why cant women accept that men are superior in sports?
what does it mean?
Is there a law against throwing away an American Flag?
what's a good I.Q. score?
Abusive Boyfriends?
What is the largest banking institution in the world?
tell me about linux?
Which one of these sentences if the odd one out?
i need  help understanding this?
Did the Industrial Revolution improve the society?
how many people are living with aids currentyly?
Help! Please?
Clueless movie trivia....?
Where can I find Free on-line newspaper classified advertising?
Selenium got its name from what?
what are the human rights?&#92;?
soccer,tennis or tag?
How is Steel Wool made?
Do you contain 3 inches in those jeans?
Would you consider Baylor University a prestigious university?
How to lose 15 pounds by June 10th?
how much money really is enough?
Does 1000 MB = 1 GB?
Who believes that there is a place for government owned businesses ?
any one...what u think?
How do you get Homeschool?
Where can I find good sales proposal samples?
what is day time running lights and automatic headlights?
how many sleeping pills does it take to get you killed?
How do you build a server?
Think about this......be sincere?
so yahoo messenger beta with voice is not free?
Microsoft download "Internet Explorer cannot display the webpage"?
HP Printer - need help to Scan something.?
Who was the voice of Tony the Tiger?
Fantasy Football Trade Help!!!!?
is protecting the border enforceable or not ???
stop being so silly about mexicans?
what are the advantages of using cells in cultivating viruses?
what sport would you play B-ball or Football.?
can you describe about the Capricorn sign?
What do you think of peer-to-peer programs?
whats in your tennis bag?
what do you mean by narcotic?
My guitar people i have a question?
Have you ever had a ditto man?
Help me from spoiling myself.?
What is the penalty for false start?
Who can't wait for baseball season to start?
Where can I get cool Karaoke songs?
why does my computer crashes everytime i surf ticketmaster??
Where is hell? is it in the ground on earth?
how do people get chicken pox?
wat is 150% of 600?
What are the nations incarceration rates?
how do i put a picture next to my profile ?
He slobbers when he kisses.?
What do the following slang terms mean to spies...?
for chrisians please ?
I need a tuning exercise for saxes, can anyone help?
What is the capital of thailand?
Do you blieve in the paranormal?
Why was so Sophia on the Golden Girls so opinionated?
How would you fight a pro Sumo wrestler?
Does playing guitar really help you pick up women?
What is Bush's real agenda ???
How do you change the default window size of Internet Explorer?
Affliate Banner Ads on Website?
How can I prove you wrong?
how can I prepare for the state police exam?
Do you think all presidents should be whites and christians?
where does buhdism come from?
What is the best way to make  new friends?
what evidence exists that democracy spread in the late 1990's?
has anyone ever heard of blood being in sperm?
How many people were killed in Tienanmen square?
My wife left...?
you know where to go to find out about coal mine jobs?
spaceship problem?
who should i live with mom or dad?
what to do if I have heartburn?
How long does it take to be a plastic surgeon?
what ia a computer hard disk?
What is the purpose of the Start button?
What's the correct pronounciation?
how many calories to produce 500g of fat?
where can i find pinetop perkins lyrics?
Why do people look at the tissue after they blow their nose?
which tim will win this match Portugal vs England?
Ideas for my talent show?
Can anyone "UNDERSTAND" the bible?
who do you think is going to win the world cup?
This a strange question?? Time machine related...?
What makes a good gift for a venture capitalist?
What are the Seven Wonders of the World?
Explain golf ball grading scale?
stupid and funny things to write in my personal add?
Why do people listen to music?
What does it mean if evertyhing tastes like dirt?
which culture place the greatest value on self-disclosure?
A question about cigarettes?
Generic Zoloft  switching back to the real stuff?
i want to see real movie?
what is a throg?
What does 'a dios la pido' mean?
how much is 2 square feet is in centimeters?
Could someone please interpret this song?
Crest White Strips....?
How do I live without you?
if the only scriptural ground for divorce is fornication?
how can you love a girl?
do any 1think indians r best in cricket?
where is the world cup being held?
Controling my nervousness while presenting a speech?
How dou you make plastic?
what are some common stereotypes of women?
what causes your taste buds to inflame?
Who will win the NL West?
What do gun calibers mean?
Need a name that means Survivor?
Who is goin to win the world cup????
How many people are there in the world?
Can u Help me out ??
examples of questions for pakikipanayam?
how far will mexico go in the 2006 world cup?
whats good for an eye infection?
Is their any proof we have soul.?
can you put movies into ipods?
What sport is the worst???
What is the testing process?
How to do light meditation?
what is sensex?
Guys: Which would be worse?
Celebrex - Does it work for you?
Sharing documents/programs between 2 computers at home?
what is the meaning of the word codswallow?
when did NCAA basketball switch to halfs instead of quarters?
Whats Omarion's email address or phone number?
How to calculate highschool gp?
where do i send my hair for kids with cancer?
boys help me out here!?
do ladies like Tall men?
quick effective remedy for athlete's foot?
how can transmission be prevented?
herm edwards?
Dry tongue?
how do you install a fan into a pc?
What is the purpose of a union?
Being more social around girls?
What kind of socks should I wear for a 6 mile hike?
True or False?
How can i get a free sample of birth controls pills?
who'sdralaamorsi?
what are the impact among science,religion and development?
what is the best law school for real estate law?
Who is the best american soccer player of all times?
Abs of Steel?
how do i set up outlook express usig yayoo?
What is: "the way a child should go"?
Can someone tell me where to get Nigerian Labour Law online?
Lyrics to Lisa Loeb -Stay?
Which is the best arab soccer playing nation?
Alot of christians will not listen.?
looking for a set of pro edge fairway woods?
write a function , x=-4 when y=2?
The basic unit of matter is the...?
Did any player win the premiership with 2 diffrent clubs?
The effect of temperature on the growth and survival of bacteria?
Who is "John waters"?
what country has oldest current running government?
Just to be sure...?
Should I be doing this?
are we taking a chance with our health.?
Who thinks the pistons r gonna crush the heat!?
Palestine.  How can you feel bad for these folks?
Bob the builder, can he fix it?
Why is Outer Space Black?
What was Adolf Hitlers middle name?
Why is yawning contagious?
What is a microscope with one than more lenses called?
Is Robbie Williams famous in the USA?
Doubt on Yellow Card?
Housing assistance in Philadelphia?
Help me solve this...?
How can i remove hairs on ear?
Is Dakota Fanning ot the best actress/actor?
what to do?
Maroney, Droughns or Lundy?
what is the right age 2 go out with guys ?
Where besides in the USA are tornadoes as common?
Whats green and stays in a trunk ... ?
Can Ghana make it into the elimination round of the World Cup?
What's applied physical science?
How has American society become better in the last 30 years?
what do you think about born again christians?
Why are my fingers going numb one finger at a time?
What happened to the Hughes/St.Pierre fight?
where can downloads movie FREE?
Threats of Germani nacis?
Who is god?
anyone know how to hack into wireless broadband?
What is the name of the scary clip from Pet Shop Boys?
what is the meaning of love?
How do I start a Hotel Chain?
Dido entered what music school at the age of six?
where can i throw my son 1st birthday party?
What is that star you see in the early evening?
What is the difference between a man and a woman?
does the  beach haven, nj library have a wireless network?
www.Million-Dollar-Income.com?
What's one she plus one she?
who is the #2 best player in the NFL?
why data storage technology ?
music recommended for 18th birthday?
Should I skip school today?
How does the toaster work in winamp?
I'm Looking for a list of Penny Stock.?
can i do MCA or BCA after 12th commerce?
what do you think of john cena?
Is anything written about child abuse in schools?
Software to record visits to my website.?
eyeds of march?
Who to start at WR and WR/RB option?
10 points to the best answer name 3 countries that are communists?
What dopeople think of when they hear the word electricity?
A question for women?
Do you get payed for doing Jury Duty? How much?
Where can i get a kick boxing training DVD?
please describe modified egg count technique?
Why do men cheat?
Baby name poll?
Who will win Super Bowl XLI?
While the courts have generally protected our individual freedoms,?
Believers: How and when did you start believing in God?
Witchcraft,does it really exist?
where is the country-georgia?
OUI Law in Florida?
Do vampires get AIDS?
Is there an easier way to learn how to read spanish?
What is the best Christmas gift Meghan ever gave you?
how can I change my DVD drive letter from M to D?
Who is your hero and why?
Why is Valentino Rossi's nickname DOCTOR?
what is the intel prescott cpu's?
Survey- What religion are you?
Why fastest lap is slower than qualifying lap in F1?
who thinks ozzy is awsome   and why?
Who won governer of TX last night??
How much is a Mikka Kiprusoff card worth?
i have a hank aaron trading card #128?
What link do you use to look up criminal case law?
what does navajo mean?
What can WE learn from nature?
is it true that bush is thinking about leaving iraq?
Can women go in the SAS?
what is complemantary gene?
how can i get USA visa?
what makes you cry just to think about it?
Best tennis raquet?
Can U Help me?
How to answer these questions in the office?
which asian movie that uhave seen was gr8?
Will he call?
how to make a poster project on France?
How can i get a scholarship???
will i gain weight?
What do U think about Argentina??
who likes to watch the simpsons?
Who are you supporting in the world Cup?
Does any one here represent Hispanic American against  the boycott May Day?
How to create logs in an ASP website?
Does anyone use Quickbooks online?
How do I get the football on PC?
What is Connemara Marble?
Which is better?
Who did Scott Rolen by his house from?
how do u divide assets in a divorce?
what was the first presedent?
BATMAN  have you ever seen a woman think successfully?
goalkeeping camps?
what is a good song in romantic mood in hindi?
Where can I find the movie "Cars" layouts?
give me free pay sites that really pay money?
what's a bissectomy?
how can i enlarge my penis?
Firefox mail?
does anyone know anything about german syntactic rules?
up-to-date Coldwater Creek offer codes?
How should I celebrate Thanksgiving besides eating?
What does Cair Paravel mean?
I am unable to use my search options in my computer?
who was the firt preminister of UK?
What would it be like if men menstruated?
what are the matter with the children?when their parents divorced?
What are the daily minimum nutrition requirements?
How many days/years till the next ice age?
What is the best high-volume office printer?
How many peeps think Blondes SUCK?
how wants me i am so cool i am a free boy?
Why we look nasty things twice or more?
how do you calculate vacation time as an employer?
what happens if i violate propation by drug test?
What is this bump on my finger from?
please help. what is this song?
Ladies, is this normal?
how does hiv effect the muscles?
What do u think of zac efron?
Is it illegal in the state of California to be a homosexual?
what engery comes from the sun light?
how can i know if a girl likes me?
where is "La Boom", located in Huntington Park?
write a sentence using each word in the space provided?
Spanish-English translation please....?
what is the zip code of Lorain city in Ohio?
how many countrys does the world have?
Should George Bush go to jail and why?
hey......examples????
What is the best website for information about organic foods and health?
What is the formula used to figure automobile loans?
world record jet ski trip?
Tolerance ...?
how do a burn an mpeg to dvd?
Find the Following...?
God take many name in the bible Right?
movie sneak preview...??
Why isn't George Washington a Terrorist?
Is following God's commandments the right thing to do?
Wireless mouse problems in Outlook 2003: why?
What's in a ( Political ) name?
Would YOU trust this man with your mind!?
Taking away the rights to bare arms?
Spit it onto your fork?
What is the advantage of a Dual Layer DVD writer?
why american's feel proud of themselves?
why did we re-ellect G.W?
what is different between love and like?
What is TechnoDG?
H1b sponsors?
Why do girls....... look below?
A old joke?
How do i be more Masuline?
What's a platypus?
How is an economy started?
what would you do if you find out you are gay?
What is the best excercise to burn calories?
how do i trademark my name on my myspace profile?
hidden shops on need for speed 2 underground?
What attracts a guy to a girl the most?
Did Mohammed really matty a 9 year old?
why is she so unhappy?
Legal term, Abstract Of Judgement?
Is it better to give than recieve?
dating my boss?
Sex at 6 months?
When is the Bronx Criminal Court Tour available?
Husband has no interest in sex.  What do I do?
Windsurfing in Miami?
is there a mathmatical equation to determine boyancey?
What is the religion of Scientology?
what is the capital of mane?
Why are literacy programs mostly run by Republicans?
What is with anal bleaching?
what is vbulletin?
Actual songs from Queen of the Damned?
Someone good at Algebra?
DEPRESSED or STRESSED?
how is chlorine important to society?
Are pick up lines a thing of the past?
I have a lump in my throat?
Will a restraining order ruin her teaching career?
What is newer? Windows ME or Windows 2000?
what is ohio's legal age of sexual content?
what do u mean by your credit card has been declined?
Do you feel this way...?
do you wish you knew what other people were thinking?
Would you rather get a kiss or a present?
What is the differance between a rock and a mineral?
what do you think of russian immigrants?
Any stock brokers out there?
What would you do?
how do you address a diverse group during a presentation?
is it right to hide your real identity on net?
write the number of quarts in a peck.?
Are urine enemas really good for you ?
Can someone tell me what they think...?
Who will win the 2006 Stanley Cup?
Is there anybody from greece?
Do Gummie Bears and Eagles have sex?
Does any one know how to download videos from YouTube.com?
how do i get insant messaging?
Degree requirements for working in a adoption agency?
Tell me about Ibogaine?
Did Ciara really have 2 parts?
What's your stock picks for year 2006?
how do u know if its true love or just attachment?
Why do people lie?
What p.c. game is more exciting?
Do you know what this could possible be?
herbalife symptoms??
what the deal with marcus vick in draft?
Know where I can get my own site?
what attaches muscles to bones in your body?
Signs of autism?
how can i check the speed of my internet connection?
How can I cure a stuffy nose ?
What are we supposed to do now?
Can a magnet ruin my laptop or my computer screen?
college hill?
Who knows a good site for water facts?
what to do with a pharmacology degree?
how to be introduced to a girl?
how can u tell a girl that your in love with them?
what is sex like?
what type of fish is healthier?
math help please (multiple questions)?
what does an ap coordinator do?
fluttering in extreme lower abdomen?
Whay is the smallest molecule.?
math help????
Is the Yahoo! publisher open for publishers from India?
Anyone know?
when did india won his first odi?
How can i get Cavs tickets to game 6?
who gave the czech Republic independence?
Who created the soccer ball?
bladder infection from being a vegetarian?
China or Taiwan?
How cam i submit to yahoo?
can I use constant variable in class of C++?
any youth leaders out there???
Is George W. Bush a good president?
Give your views on spanking a child.?
ELLEN FOSTER help?
Thanksgiving Verses Christmas?
do you know teaching is an art or knowledge?
ANYONE listen 2 LIL WAYNE?
Can I get an old tape recorder tape made into a CD?
If Muhammad Ali was from Norway...?
do you know?
got problems...?
Where do I find free downloads of sheet music for flutes?
I need some halp?!?
Why do asylum seekers get proirity over the British?
My LCD monitor is not working with my PC?
Can you suggest a creative alternative to the two-party system?
Who do you think will win the world cup?
What kinds of operations have used brain implants?
Help me to tone myself.?
Am i overreacting?
Why haven't we had a terrorist attack today?
10 is 120% of what number?
did u go protest on 3/25/6?
Men, question about baldness prevention...?
what walks on four legs, two legs and three legs?
difference between regular policae cars and police interceptors?
top 5 project?
Do yo ulike softball???
have do they count absentee ballots?
i need some help.?
Can you tell me goood jokes?
Who's ready for Big Brother 7 to start?
List the famous dutch trio?
My professor slapped me, should I turn her in?
Are there any good websites where I can read up on Evolution?
Muslims - please answer.  What is a true Islamic Government?
A website for jobs in maritime shipping?
Anyone have nightmares while taking Effexor?
please help meee?
How do I build a gun from scratch?
when is passover this year?
Pet Peeves?
When you think of religious American celebrities, who comes to mind?
Something nice for a stranger?
Was one of my answers just erased?
Why is my sister soooo annoying?
how can you get better at writing?
In general, are most Germans tall, blond and blue eyed?
10 full points 4 a useful ANS 2 this Q?
What is the name of the longest chord in a circle?
Where can I get Information on Highway 80 Phoenix, Arizona?
How do you know that guy with the baketball?
anybody about ticks?
How much women dead each  day  from breast cancer?
how many countries are there in the world?
Does any university offer MS in automobiles ?
how i can invent electric wheelchair with voice recognition?
What is your all time favorite Christmas special?
what does serendepity mean?
where does one learn about sex?
how substitutions r allowed during a world cup match?
Does he really love me?been together a month?
At what age is it safe to start lifting weights?
how many mega bytes in 1 gig?
Need help naming an acid(?)...?
25 pounds to grams[round to the nearest thousands]?
slowest land animal?
Why can't I stop cutting myself?
What are some ways to get over a BAD breakup?
The Capital of Mongolia? The Capital of South Korea?
Refurbished wood ties for railroad?
how can i learn two spell better?
why is my web cam blueish lookin color??
How do you get helium into a helium tank?
functions of various component in a CPU?
low income housing organizations?
How do I know he really loves me?
Is JBL a millionare in real life?
I'm just wanting to know?
how do you kill mice with out a mouse trap?
why is it called the "world series"?
if you say punk is not dead?
ummmm.........?
How do I find the source of an email address?
what do you think about romania?
what methods are you using to prepare for USMLE?
Did Gearld Levert die?
Anyone good at Regression?
Give us all a word from the book of life!?
What did Yi the Archer shoot down?
Outlook 2003 Filter Contacts?
specific heat problem i'm stuck on!?
One for the ladies.....?
whatever happened to reverend flavel?
The Swinging 60s and the Rock and Roll era?
What was the currency called in Ancient Egypt?
List of European and EU countries?
I don't understand any of this whasssUP?
Dorothy Cohen from Billerica, Mass???
How do u feerl after lossing a cricket match.?
Can individual therapy help me excel in college or at university?
theseis statements for outsoucing jobs to foreign countries?
is there a cure for YA addiction?
Which team has been allowed to keep the World cup?
nascar areodynamics?
speech making tips?
What type of bond will a molecule have?  A formula unit?
do anyone know any sites that you can make your own page?
whats liberal arts?
where can i meet lesbians in louisiana?
How tall is rapper Cassidy?
where is the undertaker did he disappear?
Anyone know what to do if you overstretch a muscle?
Why don't people use their directionals while driving?
i m very much interested in making a hobby robot?
how is attentiveness measured?
when dieting?
what is the weather on mars like?
best quality for a person to have?
Does anyone know how to get a MySpace Tracker?
i fell in love with my best friend. what now??
Repairing a neoprene kayak spray skirt?
My adult height?
Who Coaced football at the University of Colorado in 1977?
What's your thoughts on the San Antonio Spurs?
What are the 4 kinds of general appearance of the plants?
breast cancer?
why am i always so thirsty and tired?
What is Beautiful?
What is zoology?
How do I kick my Drug HAbbit?
How are you voting on Tuesday's election?
how many times have you cheated on your lover???
Where can I find good gay bar in Manila, Philippines.?
r u with me yes or no?
what oil company operate in Iran are from the united states?
who won UFC57 Liddel or Couture?
Does anyone know of jobs that hire ex-cons?
when a conflict appears between close friends they become worst enemies why?
looking for parts for a 1988 honda accord?
California or Florida?
I have a question about VAT Return?
What do you think of this movie?
Do you see dreams?
How should I pray for forgiveness?
What songs are good to exercise to?
please help me to buy.?
Try this song.?
What is India's army like?
where has pluto gone?which r the  new planets?
How to improve my writting skills ?
What is the best exercise for your buttocks and thigh muscles?
Who said this? And in what movie?
what about mercury sutfide?
Which year was the first Olympics held?
Media's role in the Bush administration?
who is the morning star?
Can someone help me with a translation into Scottish Gaelic?
What happens to water vapor as air pressure increases?
What is the  U N doing on Iran's nuclear development?
Who is the top scorer of the world cup ever?
are professors just regular people in their personal lives?
information on the green strawberry?
how to reach the God?
do u know why i hate girls?
How do you define "American"?
are they  jealous?
what is love and how do you know when your in love?
how can i make my whang bigger?
What is "Field Theory"?
how do i create a cgi proxy?
Internet Explorer help needed!?
what is a good science project for a 6th grader?
why are plants green?
What does a massage therapist's license look like?
whr is da god?
Any wrestler you would like as a politician?
What is UML?
Number of miles fron NYV to the moon?
Does anybody like Randy Ortan?
What is a comprehensive LTC insurance policy?
What does the "D" in D-Day stand for?
What is your favorite TV show?
Why is God so shallow?
Song Lyrics V3?
Are Todays teenagers less responsible?!?
When is yahoo going to offer high speed internet access?
If the election was held today bush or kerry?
journalism school?
does anyone know of a good free online chat site?
What is transgenic tobacco? Tobacco protein and food?
Should Yahoo make a diet  section?
can some one tell me about seling stuff at ebay?
How many languages can you say "PILOT"?
Hunting weapon?
how to learn to play basketball?
Do i need professional help?
Who are you?
what is the biggest recorded snake in history?
Is Big Brother out there? I mean the real one.?
i'm i stupid to ask you or what?
Favorite book or author?
What is 1000 feet converted in miles?
currents trends in information technology?
Biggie or Tupac.....?
Derek Jeter looks like:?
ways to prevent teen droupouts?
What is Elton John's religion?
Have you ever chatted with someone for more that 6 hours?
Spelling?? Grammar??
What is an orgy?
Is Cheney Next on the Chopping Block?
Why do people use headers and footers in Excel?
have you encounter problems in sports or games?
italian consulate in the philippines?
whats your race?
what is the life expectancy with lymph node cancer?
Bisceptal region exercises question?
is hooliganism still alive in Scottish football???
Weight loss with an injury?
is there any Bangaloreans who Accept my Friendship?
Is EPD treatment effective?
Best workout to lose weight and tone?
What Does Curiosity lead to?
Speed of sound in helium and air problem?
What is the worst album of all time?
What is it about Chinese food that keeps you hungry?
how do u say one in twi?
what are the differences between being depressed and bipolar?
who are the environmental lawyers in Erin Brockovich?
Why are we all on the computer so much!?
any suggestion please for mother of the bride outfits?
How do I clear a delinquent bank account?
what is I-20?
how do cows reproduce?
Hiliary Clinton?
Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering/ Computer Science?
What is the main purpose of a particle accelerator?
Call-outs in space before the which one touch fines?
Hey people, what r ur fave love song?
entropy of the universe is always positive.Why?
Expressions with time ?
Is this a good idea?
do Americans celebrate Canada day on July 1st?
Maybe it's just me or.....?
I need a good site for a beginner reader?
What is considered a whore?
items that could potentially damage our enviroment?
how do you prance in a NON-gay manner?
How can I make my arms smaller?
Swollen Gland?
How do you do reasearch for moots?
Why is ammonia considered a weak base?
Do you believe in eating at our church?
What is Opera browser? how do i get it?
Visual, Auditory or Kinaesthetic learner?
What is life?
why is leaving in dept the American way?
Why do my relationships tend to last only a month or shorter?
Is sammy going to get back with Lucas on Days?
what are some good moves?
e-mail vs. real life?
i need a friend for ever . Lonely  girl .?
I need specs on washer boards?
what is the term used for names that spelled backwards are same?
any ways on doing the splits again?
umm totally lost please help?
Herbalist please help?
application/octet-string?
want to study?
Wrestling?
What's your testimony?
GUYS----plz answer?
What is " KUSO " ?
how can you prevent arteriosclerosis?
who thinks track is kool?
Is there God?
what does disclosure mean?
Dwayne Wade one on one?
Will they ever make another X files movie?
would you rather....?
Does anyone know where to download a fiscal calendar for Outlook?
Any one else see that the U.S. is failing?
what is bank-assurance?
Why doesn't industrial music get the air time it deserves?
What is the basic fact on snowboarding?
whats your favorite skate brand?
How I can show my pretty supervisor I crush with him ?
art homework?
taxonomic hierarchy of the human body?
is swimming a good way to lose weight?
is kraft mac and cheese unhealthy?
What, exactly, is 'emo'?
what's a good low-priced stock to invest in?
What's this song?
If you could recall President Bush today...?
Does anyone love disney as much as i?
Why is alternative music labelled alternative when it's very mainstream?
What is going on?
Why is bunting so called?
Anybody know a really good trainer in Montreal ?
what do they sell over the counter for eczema?
Are we being invaded by illegals?
How long can you store information in a Flash Drive?
how do i stop missing him..?
is bisexuality in teenagers a passing phase?
convert 177 dollars to english pounds?
How do you  start to rebuild your credit?
How can gain weight?
is there a asteroid coming close to earth soon?
The Occult?
What is the best chemistry book for a novice chemist?
how to find out who owns property in kansas?
Attracting the opposite sex?
Where were you when JFK was assassinated?
what is ur favorite song?
Is there anybody have "world cup 2006" open ceremony clip?
I need a number a helpline number?
How can I be a help and a blessing to others?
what does egalitarian mean?
can i pay more than the minimum month payment if i borrow?
looking for career in massage therapy whats usual salary?
when will i meet my girl friend who lives in the US?
please open a periodic table and answers these questions?
what do you know about networking support in Java?
Will Brevin Knight be back by wendsday??
What is the difference between open sourse and open standards?
Polygamy question.?
Why do my eyes blink badly after playing video games?
How do Christians...?
Did i do this math problem right?
What do u want most?
why do the amish have their curtains to one side?
small breast makes me embarass?
how do you throw a right hook?
how can i stop this...???
Do the white boys like indian girls?
how do i find a boyfriend?
What other compound besides water expands when it freezes?
What is a neutron bomb and how it works?
Who's Ann Coulter?
What is the best college in canada for computer engineers?
Why would someone who likes analyzing literature want to major in English?
What laws apply on international waters?
Can your name be rubbed out of the Book of life?
radius of atom?
when was ur first sex in ur life ?
what should I know about Jazz?
why do people act so smart?
mash potato diet?
did i pay my payment i  need acode?
Black people are better at sports and funnier then white people?
who is a best friend ?
Looking for the Name or Artist of this Song?
Guys, What Do You Believe Strength Is?
how do i move on?
How many women out there?
what is 16/21  in simplest form?
Have you seen this?  Is it true?
What is your biggest secret?
how do i convert sqare meters to square feet ?
Why were you born ?
is there a word that describes a pretty slender built girl?
The modified Germ Theory explains:?
Favorite sport?
How does a person get over being too sensitive?
What's your opinion on Tom DeLay?
Is Billy, Crystal?
Why are the avatars good looking?
Best football players at each position?
Why do I feel like this?
Can prostitution be legalized? Is it an ethical act?
is it normal to....?
Can we create Time Machine?
In problem, what is the 95 percent confidence level?
what is the relevance of economics to health status?
do you think kelly ripa looks like a walking skull?
Is your life ruined by heavy thinking?
who would win rock lee 7 gates open or garra?
mouth ulcers?
Is this something you would find interesting?
can u tell me about the future in CA field?
who do u answer to???
Child support- should I give the guy a break?
How can I make 112 dollars in 4 days?
what are types of plants on islands?
I already know who is  the steelers quarterback?
is it normal to not think your boyfriend's hott?
Do you confuse yourself or others more?
Anyone think that the Cardinals are a playoff contender??
This UNKNOWN person...?
whats ur favourite place in america?
Probability Question!?
So you ever go back to your ex?
How can i make a goal easely?
Do you pay attention, or put attention?
why men & women r looking for chnage?
How long does it take you to learn a new language?
Are England  the worst holders of the rugby Union world cup?
What main color is your living room?
A frequency of 50Hz corresponds to a period of?
How are satellites prevented from crashing into each other?
how do you really know when you're an adult?
questions for the smart?
Help!!! Need People to talk to!!!?
When did you stop caring?
How fast can a horse go?
Who is Pat McGroin?
computer games and its implacations for children?
Why do our voices change when we inhale Helium?
How do I become mayor?
Which would you recommend? FedEx or UPS?
Are there any lawyers that know Nebraska laws?
Tell me about Provigil?
Grateful dead movie?
How do you start a small business and patent your name?
Do you believe that Jesus Christ descendants are among us?
What Is It Like?
Calcutta university results for part one exam?
what does rule to show cause mean in a dui case?
girlfriend advise please???
What artist have Ne-Yo wrote songs for?
Why do I dream about things that happen before they happen?
What should I do????
Who will win the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year?
what is opposite of opposite?
Will I ever make it to level 3??
Which is the biggest series Aircraft designed so far?
The father of cubism is?
size of a horses brain and location in skull?
Ok, here goes.  this is a function question?
does zambia have royality?
What was the moment thatt took your breathe away.?
define federal tax revenue?
Do you think mental ill children should have harsh electrical treatments?
What are the different types of volcano?
When's the Rose Bowl?
Where's the dollar?
What is the real goal of life ?
Anybody know of any small rental houses in Riverside, CA?
What kind of gifts do teachers really like to receive?
whats up with these mortgage  scams?
Can anyone translate 乳酸丁脂 into English for me?
WHo's the man? Arsenal or Barcelona?
HAS anyone ever jumped YOUR bones???
Who is FJ???
Baseball question from last night Astro's game?
teachers' Day?
who think these walk out are dumb?
Need to know what I will do?What would you do?
Is our body waterproof?
When spirits communicate-how do they make themselves known?
Should the death penalty be abolished?
what exercise i can do that can lead to my butt skinny?
Do I need my voter registration card to vote on Tuesday?
What do you think of tithing?
How common is it to be missing a wisdom tooth?
what is content analysis in research?
how many are there?
England is goin 2 win da world cup?
Do steroids cause wet dreams?
what does E=mc to the 2nd power stand for?
How do you convert feets into meters?
global governance?
Why do I keep getting the hives?
What is the dot structure for Iodine?
Have you ever think of getting married abroad?
need help!!!!?
what would you do if you lost your wedding ring?
Do you think the UN's leaders should be changed?
Is southpark new tonight?
wat is luv?
how can i get my high school diploma on line?
is it possible to get drunk off of water?
My ipods hold button button is broke what now?
does Splenda contain "cancer causing" ingredients?
what do you do when yoy are extremely angry ?
Are they any good schools of dentistry in Britain?
Who do you think will be Super Bowl MVP?
What is the real role of government and religion?
Why should I choose your answer as the best answer?
what ia storms real name?
why    do  girls    like    boys?
What is the most important event in human history?
how Max Plank were lead to Quantum mechanics?
do you like your life or not?
just need a friendly chat?
Can you take birth control just to clear up skin?
Christmas Lunch Ideas?
does she really like me?
fave music lyric of all time?
Why is there no contention in Islam over violence and Jihad?
how do they make glass?
What are in your opinion 3 best songs by Deep Purple?
Who created God?
check out his songs!?
y am I so sleepy?
why do some people turn out to look like animals/foods?
Is a paralegal career rewarding?
Do you hang decorations on your cell phone?
Is an MBA worth it nowadays???
should we stay friends?
what is delaware known for?
What is the best way to remove earwax?
How do some Christians Justify their existence?
m i over reacting?
How do I change the password to my screenname?
What is benseven's webpage?
is there such thing as...?
How many people fear/hate their boss?
What do you think of Gordon Ramsey?
if i go to...?
Is there going to be a Disney high school musical club.?
whats the best way to quit smokin?
What's a good theme for a spelling bee?
How much sleep should I get each night?
can someone please cite this article  for me??
some good spanish and french films for a language student?
What does R&B stands for?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of phonetics?
mixing powder?
What steps are involved within the conflict process?
What is "split delivery" of goods?
Which of the following wrestlers do you think used steroids?
American Christmas present ideas (to send to someone in Europe)?
Are religious claims of exclusive truth geared to cut down on competition?
how can i make it stop?
Who sings the Beatles song Tell Me Why backup vocals?
Who will win the world cup football this year?
Why did people come to Texas?
do countries need trade? Why?
bad porn addiction?
Are you religious, which religion, and why?
Who is the greatest female athlete of all time?
What carreer path should I choose?
Custom Gaming PC?
Taxes deduction in St Louis, MO.?
can anybody help me to know this dream???
is dancing effective to lose weight?
how can i lose weight?
why are so many people leaving organized religion?
Need a Free Desktop Clock which shows various time zones?
MySpace question?
does a dentist's needle hurt?
who works for walmart?
new south wales university science quiz?
what is the name of drew county clerk?
Can anyone tell me about hernia?
What's going on with 911 theories that it was staged?
Opinions please...?
Which is darker Black or Purle Black?
Excel question?
What Is  The Definition Of Connotation?
What did we use before graphical user interfaces?
Best software for dowloading tv series?
Does psychotherapy actually work? Where is the proof?
the Hulk vs King Kong!?
what mountians surround mexico city?
RU a mets fan?
who was Christiaan Barnard?
Where is a complete list of online casino bonus offers?
Is The Flute easier to Play than The Alto Saxophone?
Why are they so many perverts on Yahoo?
How much power do we really have over the governments final decisions?
where is west county jail at???
What is the best way to get better abdominal muscles?
what is the best grammar checker software or editor?
what is she ?
For anyone who smokes cigs, or has quit?
Any vengeful people out there??
What is Holy Spirit?
Homework help please. URGENT?
What do the names of the Irish political parties mean in Irish ?
Do you think i am hot?
Do you vote?  If not, why not?
USA Fifth in the world what a joke?
do you think the?
what is the square root of 260?
Patriots signed Vinnie Testaverde???
How do you graph on microsoft Office?
Solve this riddle?
What's a nice summer job for teenagers here in Manila?
How to keep your girl friend on toes ?
Help me with this please!?
how can i use a egg tray to teach mathematics?
What is your favorite unusual word & its meaning?
who is legally a persons next of kin?
Who is the best kick boxer in the world?
Did he really mean it like that?
How would people know there right?
what is 8,000,000 times 82?
diet pills for obesity weight with back pain?
working artist definition?
any advice!?
Is '24' Political Propaganda?
will you take me to the cany shop?
how to prepare for mba(cat)?
Who are Cedric Benson parents?
What is 'unconditional logistic regression'?
Terminator 2 question..,,,?
Am I fat? - my mother said I was.?
How to prevent armpit to pirspire?
do you have an xanga?
i want to indian actress photo?
What state is the city of Sunburg located in?
What is the best way to get to know Jesus?
Talk 2 me Dallas Mavericks Fans?
Military Stationed..?
im looking for willie lynch the slave master?
Legal question.?
Who is apparao Mantha?
Has anyone here had Atrial Fibrilation?
what is the percentage of high school dropouts?
what does condore mean?
I've hit rock bottom...?
How do you change your AOL member password?
What multisclerosis is?
Is it normal to be ambition free?
Whats poop?
So I am a racist?
What country has the craziest/die-hard fans?
where is the 2010 world cup ?
What is Roux Goldthwait procedure?
somebody remind me how to simplify this?
why man had bald?
Is my aviator Hot?
Who was the greatest athlete of all time, in any sport?
what is an outdated URL?
what is electricity?
I need help?
Will I ever feel normal?
Jehovah's Witnesses and Luke 23:43?
Who sang the original version of this song?
Why is that....?
Is there a lake  people swim long distance?
What are the four hash marks on a basketball court for?
Which is the best cd rom in south aisa?
Is a move to Laughlin, Nevada worth it?
how do you get a boy to kiss you???
Anyone looking forward to watching Kyle XY tonight on ABC Family?
Facing second divorce and devastated with depression?
lost my wedding photos by photographer?
Is it true the jackson 5 are getting back together?
what is a speach?
When the worlds,will end?
Has anyone done enema?
do you hate me?
can someone entertain me right now?
Why Israel assaulted Jericho Prison-??
who invented the sanitary napkin and in what year?
how do i rip a dvd on my powerbook?
i need help with subject complements?
how can i let other people see my photo on the internet?
Problems printing in new beta version of Internet Explorer 7?
How do I take the ear  pain away?
I hate flutterin butterfly?
having sex more often can  affect  the body figure of a women?
Should Mike Tyson be in the Hall of Fame?
how many political parties in canada parliament?
How big is the universe?
Another one!!!!!!!!?
What do you think of the Rabbitohs takeover?
Does Diet/Slim Tea help you lose weight?
Is Michael Brown the dirtiest footballer around?
do they carry nuts in a case?
love every body has a story?
in alot of pain..?
when the african champion chip start?
What is Holocaust and what is Palestine murderer?
what is the food rich in estrogen?
who and what do you play?
can anyone design oscommerce sites ??
are cigars as addicting as cigarettes?
how can i make foreign girl friend in chinese?
What is the difference between believers and nonbelievers?
What do you think about this poem?
What is the name of John Cena's next movie?
Will you rate Macromedia Fireworks for me?
Any good weight loss tips???
which is the best gift to give when someone propose a gal?
What is the Q 102 website in Cincinnati?
A beach, spit, and barrier beach are caused by?
how can i attract my friends towards me ?
why do women  wear extremely short skirts when?
Do you know this song?
What is ur favorite cartoon of all time and why?
Why would they remove the following question?
do you like movies that are scary?
what are the products of burning hydrocarbons?
What is an explanation for dreams that come true?
Is greens+ a multi-vitamin?
Buckeye fans will you show a little class?
sit back or take charge?
You gotta be bad to be good?
what is the job of human resorse manager?
How do I get to know this girl? please help?
Why do people stare at Muslims?
Pisces and radiography?
hello i wanna download a website complite?
what is the fastest way to learn a computer language?
Macro Evolution Vs. Micro Evolution?
why is all aussie soaps crap?
What is your fav show? Actress? Why?
Does it wake you up when you fart while sleeping?
Heeeeeeeeeeeelp!!!?
wat are your best pick up lines?
questions about falling fragments from fireworks?
teach meisos process to students?
Which webmail provider do you use, recommend and why?
IRAN is GOOD ?
does anybody knows card international uk ltd?
distinguish between knowledge and wisdom?
does virginity a big deal?
what is a v-tak?
Who are the most popular Mexican musical artists for teens?
Math Question?
Is George W Bush an immense failure?
What is your excuse for not exercising today?
Where are the hot party colleges??
Most annoying celebrity?
what web i can find a free music sheet ?
i need to know more about 6/6/06?
What is the best color combination for daytime weddings?
why are female deers called does?
where are all the decent men in the world?
is pogo fun?
What are the Limitations of Natural Selection?
Overseas property mortgage interest deduction.?
how can I make a function in EXEL?
why do friends like you one day then hate you the next?
Who created superman? The first superman?
Who is the hottest...?
Women do you like a guy with a long tongue?
A question for women. just out of curiosity?
Can any martial sports be considered martial arts as well ?
Can U.S  citizens go to Mexico and buy land there?
consecutive integers?
Multiply; 0.054 x 0.09?
is google earth good in these times of terror?
Can you get someone's medical records legally?
How come Cheney doesn't look where he's shooting?
pornography on the net is it not immoral?
does temperature of boiling point increase or decrease with altitude and why?
I want to find out about Breast Cancer?
What does love mean to you?
LyRiCs??????
What is the difference between pounds and american money?
What Dropshippers do you use?
will my anxiety attacks cause me to discharged from military service?
What is Kronik doing these days?
Phenylketonuria?
Why are the Saints doing so many trades this off-season?
what is a lethal dose of liquid Cyanide?
can we see atom or molecule using any powerful microscope?
first bikini wax?!?
My computer is really load how can i make it quieter?
Is the Philippine Charity Foundation is a registered foundation?
cheats for marvel nemesis?
do you believe in love at first sight?
as i was going to see st ives,?
who wants to pull my finger?
Who belives that Moses is way more important then Jesus?
give the name of the capital of  Cameroon?
Call to Arms!...New Orleans?
emo steroetypes?
is this a good trade?
Where did peaches originate from?
I need a good clean joke.?
How do I find a place for listing rentals?
how do i convince my wife to have anal sex ?
Who built the Titanic?
Help with my 79 year old father!!?
can anyone explain the process of imansapation for children?
what is the differences between these words beneath, below and underneath?
I wont to talk to the head of fema?
how relavant is motivation within friendship?
a mistake on my tax return...?
how much does delivering papers pay?
How can I combat my laziness?
what is most valuable time o money  in this fast moving world?
why do people tend to hate the united states?
Who would your ideal partner look like?
What is the meaning of architeture?
how much is the minimum wage per hour in Australia?
Is it  5 o'clock someplace yet?
Why is Christmas considered  a Christian holiday?
where is nasa located?
Dating tips?
What are some natural wonders to see in Austin, Texas?
how to get free answers to algebra equations?
Trivia questions? Do you know the answer?
Is Republican party only for rich white man?
does anyone like kelly clarkson?
who are true Muslims shiya or sunni ?
can a person search year books for free no charge?
what's the function of the male nipple ?
allrunners?
Why do penises grow?
Does anyone have windows defender?
what is taking land by adverse conditions mean?
capital city of  cambodia?
How many cells???
where do I get info on Yahoo's pay per click?
how to make friend on yahoo??
is there any free online teaching on how to design a website?
where did asthma happen first?
What is the most effective walleye BAIT you have used?
at what temperature will hot water kill germs or bacteria?
is the parent to blame in this case?
Why is marijuana illegal?
who won the six nations?
What is ford escort mechanical specs.?
Decent, affordable cyclometer??
Do you know who said this?
Ultimate Question #937?
What can I do to be a better husband?
Who designed the White House?
Need c++ help?
What's your favorite element?
Do you think India has any chance in the cricket world cup?
Im looking for a good workout video?
Who watched the game?
who is the tallest person in the world?
what are thermo plastics?
What are the steps to take for getting into childcare?
Does Shrivers mean anything to anyone?
what was the name of that show?
Selling cookies?
how can I combine "how many" and "ever"?
Is it normal?
Did you ever cough up a cough drop?
Can some please help me find an online degree in Psychology?
what is dns?
Can an abused child make a good marriage partner?
How to get pocket (mini) ATV running?
when is the windows vista coming out?
Question about SPEED OF LIGHT?
Approximately how many people are named "Patrick" ?
Austin College or University of North Texas?
How many countries have used nukes on another country?
how do u no when a guy likes u?
Limiting upload rate of torrents?
I Want To Be Friends With This Girl Please Help?
should your relationship end when your spouse goes to jail and why?
Will beer rot your teeth?
What is Ischemia of the septal wall?
Who are the top 5 goalkeepers in the world cup?
How many of you love Puerto Rico?
Magnesium baby?
What is this?
Should I have my tonsils removed?
what year was the first World Cup?
How can I make a girl laugh?
What word is derived from the Greek word smoragdos?
Is this band better or worse than Fall Out Boy?
is this an E1 or SN1 reaction?
Can the Mavs win the championship?
its easter morning in australia?
How do I play a dce file on my computer ?
who started statistics?
meaning of sjt. as used before indian names?
Rejected too?
What do you think of Dell computers?
im falling in love with this boy i barely met?
Help Please!!!!!!!?
Why do High Voltage Transmission lines have three lines??
Imposing  job quota reservation  in private sector?
Does anyone know anything about 'Apple's history?
What is spanish for "I did"?
why does the moon travel in clockwise motion?
How do I find out what my security clearing is?
what kind of damage the masturbation can do?
what is the meaning of QUE CERA CERA?
How do i change my daughters entire name on her birth certificate?
where can i meet people with the same interests that i have?
What do you think of the Cleveland Browns?
How can you not say you aren't blessed?
what a girl to do when a guy dump's her?
A question about the information paradox - black holes?
Graphing Logs?
Need some help?
hey i need a lawyer?
OK i had this dream with a guy named Damian?
did the rolling stones ever play brown eyed girl?
wat is da bst way 2 get slim fast?
Should or should not flag burning be illegal?
what is ejawantah?
18-21 yr girls are u there?
who won?  penn state or temple?
Do you believe Global Warming exists?
How do you remove unwanted screen savers?
How do I get rid of poppers?
how r u celebrating FATHERS day?
how can you find a gradebook online?
Which city in the world you want to move to and why?
how to get grants for skatepark?
Amox. w/Clavul.?
How tall is a zebra in comparison to a horse?
When the lights go out...?
what is the study of fungi called?
What do guys like in a girl?
What do I do with my life, I really am confused?
What is the formula to finding the critical Reynolds number?
The gel ink in my pen won't flow.?
Analysis of Raymond Carver's "Catherdral"?
Did you lie about your weight on your driver's license?
is candies oligopoly?
Please help.?
What should i do?
Honest question if we should have gun control?
911 help father wants custody?
which rb should i start in 4 spot?
science Tell me two types of force?
What is wrong with a shoulder that clicks when moved?
add/remove programs?
what can i do, to cure head ache's?
Does anyone like the movie, Set it off?
is there really such a place as hell?
what does hand me down mean?
if you liked 2 brothers what would you do?
what do you say to someone who just lost their grandmother?
Why do we always judge people?
how big is to big?
Which is more important in a society, freedom or safety?
What are my best options for college?
How can I reach Ray Lankford with snail mail?
when will they legalize cannabis.?
How do I fine lyrics to HIgh school musical?
Living Religions?
how do i get the marginal revenue of a problem?
For whom was Sarasota, Florida named?
has anyone ever suffered from morphine sideeffects?
where do I fine free address information when trying to find friends?
How do you type a link here?
Do you sometimes wonder about law enforcement stories....?
Does Wisconsin deserve to get in a BCS bowl?
degital madeia?
Who will you chose between these two persons?
Why do some people dispise MEChA?
im pranks where to get them?
who won virginia political race?
Should I try to date a workaholic or give up?
can you have sex in the water?
ladies?....?
Is there such a thing as after-hours option trading?
explain the mass energy relation in nuclear physics?
Which teams are playing the first game in the world cup?
what is the boiling point of sulfur?
what does deutches mean?
the right guy?
perpetual motion?
Is 44 still a young man?
Do u believe in God?
Could I get in trouble?
who here likes Dave chappelle?
Is beign verucca considered HPV?
What is the dryest continent on Earth?
What kind of weapons did they use in WWII.?
What was the means of communication of the early stone age man?
My girlfriend is moving 3000 miles away.  What should I do?
what causes headaches? how do you get rid of them?
Which printer should I buy for home office use?
Immigrant protest. Who agrees?
Are they building a new mall in Champions Gate Florida?
free printable valentines days cards?
What is the most expensive gem by carat weight?
Women do you prefer???
how can i make a successful diet?
What movie is this line from?
Your Best Music Websites And Why?
advertising precedure?
talent vs luck?
Is your name Rocio?
math limits?
Which Super Bowl has been the best since you can remember?
Why greek language remains books languag ?
Building up your muscles?
What was the best thing you have ever experienced in your life?
Does Buddhism lead to joy or depression?
Ok chaps whats been your most anal violation?
why do soldiers solute the marines?
Wallpaper for my PC?
Is there anyone outthere for me?!!?
Is this true?
Is it normal to not have your period for 6 months?
who created god?
what is your feelings when you kissed  for the first time ?
What does a female feel when she has mensuration?
Miles per hour  question!?
Why don't teachers know how to handle special needs children?
Should I have lunch with a group of men?
Who are some of America's greatest heroes?
how du yu get rid of streach marks?
How's our band?
How much more money do United States citizens earn than Mexican citizens?
what is the starting salary for a postman?
Who's the top goalscorer in this World Cup?
Do  you think women should be in combat in the Armed Forces?
how old was King Tutakhamen when he died.?
how was earth made in the universe?
guys- tips for giving good he ad???
why is demon hunter so cool?
how can i call a house phone from my pc?
Why does shagging Friends always confuse things?
how to remove excess acetic acid from wine?
Is There A Problem with with yahoo messenger?
Spanish translation to English - "Flordeliza"?
Who likes MySpace?
Genuine home based internet based work and their details?
How does Hollywood make money form rentals?
Does anyone need to vent?
what reasons are there for having the commonwealth games?
Geography Poster!!!?
What does it mean when u have a cool voice?
how to joint  g- mail account?
what does precipitant mean?
how many pints are equal to 12 gallons?
how started skateboarding?
Does he have feelings for me??
Help with class valedictorian speeches?
Are Aliens God?
Why do the race car driver Winners drink Milk after the race?
How do we fix it!?
Which is the smallest unit of time possible?
How to protect yourself from the pain of love?
brushing teeth..?
Who invented softball?
how do i get rid of a hangover?
What is the name of this kid song?
Is there a way to get rid of diabetes completely?
who is the most capped international in the world?
rebirth and buddhism?
Identify three patterns of inheritance in humans.?
can you help me with my accounting homework?
what is the meaning of life?
brittle nails?
How many women find porn is unacceptable when you are married?
Who here has 1,000 points or more??
what is the definition of a warranted deed for a home?
does anyone no any famous people.?
does yahoo provide antivirus and spy whare protection?
question about baseball and basketball cards?
How much longer will Shaq last in the NBA?
who likes mexico?
Are you having a good morning? Anything special happen?
Whats wrong with pot??
What is Engineering?
how can i send sms free of cost to my friend?
Where can  I find free CE credits for Pharmacy  Technicans?
combien touchent les footballeurs  au mondial?
is there any Millwall fans out there.?
who is tzefa?
best sms of the week?
What does Opt-In  means !?
Sick of Rejection...?
Should education and training be free to university students?
The warehouse cat form anne frank?
I need a creative saying for the Cleveland Indians!!!?
Greatest Sports Scandal?
number of charities in the united states of america.?
how funny is this ?
Your thoughts on Angels name change to the LA Angels of Anaheim?
I need a math question?
How do you like the Bowflex Ultimate?
need a little advice here ladies?
what is Ying andYang?
If Mary had other children.....?
If you froze electrons to absolute zero?
What are some thoughts about " MySpace" ??
Britain vs. America ...? Who gets your vote?
Ouija Board...?
How to prevent file-access on a shared network?
Have space aliens every get you pregnant?
get a birth certificate in St. Thomas, USVI?
What's the best song for the lonely?
how do I negotiate a commercial lease to start a business?
what should i do for bad breath?
What does the word Undangan mean?
what does 590 mean in a credit report?
is limewire.com a legal website?
what is meant the quote of Electric tripped?
How do I find some fine jamacia men?
Name two persons associated with modern trigonometry.?
If you reduce......?
How do you get rid of hiccups?
Name one of your posessions that is irreplaceable?
mandabroth set, what dose this mean?
what cant be seen?
Why Dan Marino is the best QB ever?
the right question?
diffrenses between thick and thin skin?
Is anyone taking buspar for anxiety?
how do you get a ride on a date?
Should the Kansas City Chiefs get Terrell Owens?
do u think it is ok to be dating at twelve?
I Am from Argentina/Italian descent anyone else?
How much is your Homeowners Insurance?
Should I..........?
I'm confused and I need some advice?
please read guys and girls?
New water center problem?
What are the alternative way of funding college besides FAFSA?
reasons to become a police officer?
What's going on with Hotmail?
How do they do it?
Is the Patriot Act necessary?
Why are the Montreal Canadiens called the "Habs"?
what is the difference between .com and .net?
I need to find free information on mental disorders.?
What is the most valuable graduate degree?
ok i got this wrong 6 times help please?
WHT IS DECODE and ENCODE?
Who thinks the mayor of detroit sucks?
Who is your favorite NFL rookie?
What Happened on June 13, 1986?
Love Angel Music Baby?
what is smallest country in the world and how many population?
what time did the moon rise tonight?
High school diploma or GED?
how long would it take to learn chinese?
Who would you rather vote for: Hilary or Martha?
The Office, should it have been brought to the US?
How do you get rid of Shingles inside your body?
Where can I get some information on applying for scholarships?
Finance question. Will a bank accept 2 forms of capital?
Ok, so the video came out great...?
can an employer stop you from going to a state job interview?
Should I ask about his past?
physics help please?
what are your favorite quotations and why?
sample spyware / virus files?
wat do i do?
what is the most reliable anti-virus software by far?
can you guess the word Im thinking of?
Isnt Google Earth a Security Risk ?
Why does my sex drive change so much?
What does NJKL stand for?
Not love anymore.?
Changing spousal support?
what is connected to your hip bone?
religious views on sexism?
I slapped this dude at Wal-Mart but?
Were can I learn to speak fluent german without taking classes?
Tell me All about rheumatoid arthritis?
Mistreated at work...?
what is better direct tv or cablevision?
where can 92W be stationed in US army?
what is a good definition for communication?
renaming numbers as percents?
Why Did Democrats Massacre People Of Hiroshima and Nagasaki!?
How can I get GWB to pardon my speeding ticket?
where can i download sex educational videos?
After the wedding ceremony, which ring goes on first?
how much does monsoon pay per hour?
Who made the Bible. Was it really God or his followers?
private schools in the sec?
Scott Bailes?
Where can I get the rest of the files for Windows 98?
Rock History 116?
from first to last?
what is inside your garbage?
how many people.....?
What's a sugar high like?
I what to have intercourse with her?
Whats problems occur on your computer after watching porn?
are children's  temporal tattoo toxic?
singapore's contribution for its economic developments?
who was the last romanian comunist president ?
Winter or Summer ?
Why does the earth have so many shades of colored skin??
does love blind?
how do you do a flag disposal ceremony?
Have you ever thought of this?( see details)?
what is a nenfor?
Don't you wish you were cool like me?
how much money does an average actress make?
what is the monthly membership fee for the skycaddie?
Which midfielder should Man Utd buy this summer?
do you open a present on christmas eve?
What are the best websites for mental exercises?
What do you wear under boardshorts?
i what to know mean " cruise collection ? thax?
how can i get started  as a racecar driver?
freekick, who is the best?
what are some basic interviewing skills?
How old is Freddy Adu, really?
Is Jared Leto Gay?
do you believe in the holy trinity?
calling of females?
have any of you taken the SSATs ?
Steroid/Supplement testing?
what is the meaning behind the microsoft flag colors?
Is marriage really neccesary?
!!BrAcEs OfF!!!?
can I teach 2 different languages to my kid?
how does public relations work in the government?
Shouldn't we upgrade our space shuttles?
This or that?
zoo........?
What are some factors that could influence a capital budgeting analysis?
Does anyone know...?
Wireless internet connection?
Have you tried this station?
if you had two wishes what would they be???
i need a sentence using the word redshift?
wath is a paranormal?
how many times has mexico gone to the world cup?
Anger.....?
Who is Michael Law Chu?
Treatment for antidepressant-induced libido loss?
Is evil ignorance?
what song are these 2 lines from?
Which team will put Ron Artest?
How come the USA does not go and attack Korea?
read details?
Are You In An Interracial Relationship?
What is a ceral killers profile?
Which corporations were the backbone of wwII?
Moody People?
My left eye will not stop twitching?
A childs right to defend when attacked!?
Who is cooler, Batman or Zorro and why?
my father, answer to boyfriend..?
What are some words that end in wh?
What is a wheat schocker?
What do you think the reason is for the Democrats taking over?
Will you remember to take ID to the polls to vote?
what is a fart?
What do the colors on Burundi's flag represent?
have you heard of Dane Cook?
how to make a constituional amendment in Virginia?
how do i ask him out?
How does a tax bill become law?
What is Shame ?
World Cup Football on broadband Internet?
somebody, can i help me??
how do you adjust shimano sti shifters?
why do you say the best number is 42?
Anyone got David Beckham sons's video?
who is the richest people on earth now?
How come i'm smarter?
Who is the best football (soccer) player at the moment?
are tampons ok for virgins?
Is it okay to eat wax paper?
what is the population of hyderabad{approximately}?
what happened on August 15, 1945?
what do you think?
Do burns go away?
if you change doctors are your details passed on?
Who else hates it when people post in unrelated categories?
what are financial drivers?
What is a scab?
When was the last time?
What paint colors are the Dallas Cowboy colors?
who won state championship in new york in 2001 for baseball?
what is something fun to do on a date?
Umm.... who actually plays handball?
How exactly does Autism affect the brain?
why do we use colons?
what is socialisation?
I have graphic problem can you help?
Which recent president had highest number of military deaths?
how many watts 1 meter  pex pipe gives?
where is tbilisi?
Where:Breast Cancer Walk?
field of nursing?
what should I say in german language: Regards??
How to get rid of bone spur on ankles?
how do u get to 1st base with a girl?
Should i ask how much the starting wage is for a position?
is there gonna be any theme parks in arizona?
microsoft outlook?
What are the topics  of  the 7 articles in Social Studies?
What do you think about this ? please check it out?
tone dial or pulse dial?
cultured lady?
Is this the typical conservative manipulation technique now?
What is the best movie of all time?
whats the average size of a 16 year old male?
9/11, inside job???
What movie do you think Jessica Alba was the hottest in?
who's the best?
Any true american idol fans?
what's the difference pysical files and logical files?
What does someone have to do to impress you?
what can i eat if you have a ucler?
How does one determine if a person really graduated from college?
Will the lions ever win the superbowl?
what does lighting never strike the same place twice?
How do you hit a ball to the opposite field?
why do i gain weight when i am not working?
Where does Elijah Wood live?
Who all has a underactive thyroid?
Anyone know how i can summon a spirit?
Waht if you like a guy and you find out?
diagnosis code 999.0 is this a valid code?
Music from "Fast Times at Ridgemont High"?
OK, what are some good web support groups for teachers?
What is the Best Firewall protection for Windows 98?
In which  countries you would never live in and why?
how long does it usually take for a female to orgasm?
What are atoms?
will the republicans ever recover from?
what's a good breakfast in space?
Do you think lesbians are hot??
what is a good website to learn bmx tricks?
What am I?
Who sings this song?
Did your day go good?
history help?
Who is leading the MLB All-Star voting?
How to get information about science projects at the level of school?
how many spanish verbs are ir?
Should I make the trade??
Who was the first blind person ever to win an Academy Award?
Is religion a mental illness?
an articles about Middle class family without health insurance?
what are some cool business names for on line store?
Has anyone used this myspace tracker?
What's the time difference between The UK and Canada?
what does farganuge mean?
How can you tell when a girl has an orgasm?
how can i be a handsome?
Looking for a legitimate distant learning high school.?
Where can i get free medical treatment near Detroit with no insurance?
what does"wan"mean in old English?
Where can I download DirectX9 ?
Anyone know a good fly fishing rod that is reasonably priced.?
Is there a way out of the Cobra lock?
What one great thing have the Polish given us?
What is folactic acid?
How often do married couples have sex?
guys please answer this?
Braces? Age Limit?
Why the world trads center is attacked???
is smoking marijuana just as bad for your lungs as cigarette.?
define "torts".?
How can I make my Penis larger and harder?
how can someone explains acidic rain?
what is in a leaf?
Is communism dead?
User login?
what is the most beautiful speaking language?
What are good modern Classical CD's or composers today?
how do i find registered sex offenders in my area?
where to get table manners?
Does the runner go back to the base he last occupied?
What are the health benefits of cloves powder?
what does " 13 " realy mean on a gang sign ?
What is Phil Mickelson email address?
What will trigger the  World War III ?
is it compulsory for a man to get married?
What are the requirments For Marriage in Canada?
bio on movie Crash?
does anybody have tips for snowboarding?
what do i do?
What are the most disturbing movies you've seen?
Could UFOs/Aliens actually be demons?
Gold or Silver?
what is the number to the buffalo menal heath hospital?
How do catch de fish that is big and fights hard.?
Home daycare??
how strong is argentina's football team now?
Was anyone Rude to you today?
What is the breaking strength of human bone?
What's your favorite Christmas song?
How does the planets move and rotate around the sun?
what is CHRYSTOMELLOS?
Whats next?
what is Yahoo's email address?
ten points wana try?
Remembering things.....?
what is the best sex movie you ever saw?
Can Hillary Clinton win the Presidential ellection in 2008?
Is it possible to be catholic and pro-choice?
what is most painful thing for women during sex ?
How can I change my yahoo Id?
What is an SLA (service level agreement) ?
what is the total square area of Alaska ?
What stupid things did you do as a kid???
Will a facial work for getting rid of blackheads?
How can I tell if a girl likes me?
A man pushes a button and his neighbor dies?
What do you think about criticizing religions?
Which country gets paid for outsourcing tax income?
how many insurers are at risk of credit derivatives?
what nba player would be a good nfl player?
come and get 10 points?
foreign exchange rates market?
Is communication important and why?
Simple Spanish words.. help!?
what foods are related to cinnimon?
Do you work because you like or need?
Why arn't Asian males rarely with outside culture females?
What was Steven Spielberg's First movie?
this realy happened and is a serious Q.?
What date did American Thanksgiving land on in 2003?
how do you cure erectile dysfunction?
Can you secure(hide) your web passwords?
I need a wholesale supplier of Hemitate in Chicago?
what happens if two teams tie at the 16 round ?
handstands?
which guy do you think is cute in fall out boy?
Does anybody play Ultimate Frisbee?
November 23 of 2012?
Iam looking for a friend on yahoo?
How do you determine the DPI of a digital image?
Who is the cutest actor in Hollywood today?
When god comes, will he bring doughnuts?
how to coach teeball?
who was the first African American to get a Nobel Peace prize?
where can i find good cheap laptops?
Help Me Out Please?
how many weeks holiday should i have?
what does first cousin twice removed mean?
When do you think umaga´s winning streak will end?
How do I stop myself getting any taller?
South African Honey Badger vs. Canadian Woverine?
Do you believe no 2 Peoples God's are the same?
can you please get me a free Windows Vista trial CD?
BFF or BULLY?
The Dark Knight Returns." Who was the Dark Knight?
What is Roxtract water systems?
How can I help an incredible local restaurant get more business?
how 2 cope with aneroksia?
Why isn't puberty starting for me yet?
I feel like spinning all the time, why?
check my incredimail inbox?
what is entertainment?
what is universe?
which state has the most marijuana?
what are the laboratory apparatus and their functions?
what should i do today must be fun and cheap?
what are some bad points for prohibition?
What would you do?
Why are you holding back?
"the more laws made, the more criminals created"?
what is alexander hamilton's middle name?
PLZ i Need help with a Private part problem?
Who is lucky in the world?
how old do you have to be to become a comedian?
how is your dream city free of pollution?
What is your fondest memory of high school?
How do we get registration form of Indian Association of Travel Agents?
what should i do?
what does 666 mean?
What is the Difference between AISI and ASTM?
what you mean   by serious love relationship?
how could we read our lover mind?
Okay this is going to sound mean or rude?
pourquoi j'ai perdu 10 point?
Who would you rather be from Little Britain, Lou or Andy?
What is a Scenario in Testing?
Bipolar people?
define front of the restaurant.?
how do you find people on yahoo ?
is using Paypal on my web site safe?
is this the site tek zone?
what is loyalty management?
have you ever had a near-death experience before?
What was your very first computer?
Please explain this problem?
What is a Potential Confounding Variable?
Are Leo diamonds as good as other diamonds?
who is your all time favorite political figure? why?
wut has 3 feet and no legs?
anybody know where i can buy a replica world cup trophy?
What is civil disobedience?
who saw x-men 3? Who was your favorite character?
Why can women go for long periods without sex?
Did you know that Jesus Christ is just a myth?
Is there a way I can translate Japanese song titles?
What is it like being an Army wife?
drogba plays in which tshirt no?
Who else is a Dane Cook fan?
Can I still qualify for a student loan?
the date of birth of someone i dont know?
Plz tell me how did this happened?
Guess which USA state I live in.?
Career Help?
Is Brokeback mountian approprate to sell?
Is it ok to like your best friend?
how does a North Carolina Decree of Divorce look like?
What role does religion play in Modern China?
Tony Littles Gazelle?
What is the best book you've ever read?
Who wants the raiders to come to LA?
Which search engines did you use before Google?
What is the best way to go about geting a job?
The Great Escape - Riddle?
how sustainable is harley-davidson's success?
Part time MBA?
How is Physics related to Technology?
Freddy Krueger?
Should The NO/OKC Hornets stay in Oklahoma City?
simple ways for controlling obesity?
Baby shower word search in spanish...?
what are your top 5 favourite sites?
what is the square root of 2349.98765?
Cricket quiz?
Morel Mushroom hunting?
can a newspaper use your name without permission?
how should i talk to a friend with aids?
Music from the new corsa advert?
Pennington or Grossman FF?
Are the Redskins giong to win the NFC East?
Is Lou Dobbs from the KKK or a Nazi?
Why do Americans moan about fuel (gas) prices so much?
find a cd/book on the gre exam?
God Believes in Evolution, why don't you?
What support groups does Avril Lavigne support?
How can i separate benzoic acid from iron filings?
Criminal check for rentals?
Does a painkiller tablet affect sexual life in any way?
how can i treat waste water from an abattoir?
Who should be the National League MVP?
Who invented steel?
gummie vs justhonest?
What happened to the wrestler Road Dog Jesse James?
is there a web page of scientific predictions for 2006?
Ladies, if a woman in the gym says she wants you?
How to prevent from using eyeglasses?
Does water expand or contract when it freezes?
i have a 2$ bill.?
does shawn michaels have a brother that died?
The only thing that can seperate a compound is?
Who goes to South High???
what is ur hobby?
How does airplane's wing generate lift?
what is the capital of india?
How impotent is paper shooting a bow?
Are people who say they are vampires really vapires?
Which is the worst juvenile detention center in Miami?
Define God?
Do people usually wear helmets when snowboarding?
Is Russia an Allie with the United States?
Hurt by friends.?
how can I say in Romania "happy Easter" ?
Decipher this neuroradiological findings?
How do I get my doctors to write rx I want?
When is Friendship day and which month?
what will happen if someone lose  one of his patellas?
how do u get a six-pack?
do radio waves travel through water?
whats with geraldo and his mustase?
where were you while we were getting high?
I just wanna say hi to all lesbians?
Does anybody know any good recording studios that offer a great service?
Is using your body to manipulate men considered slutty?
do you think that its alright to date who ever you want?
My friend has a problem and i wanna talk to someone??
Does direct tv have hbo on demand or something similar?
grammar check..the last one?
can i have some advice on dating?
about myspace?
i want to know about various kinds of entrepreneurs?
computers for sale. in so. cali?
what is 1010 in binary converted to decimal?
C programming: Programming Help?
CSA Is it possible to get moved onto new system?
what can i do to come during sex?
I have catract what is the best treetment?
Please help?!?!?
What is differentiation and integreation in physics?
Is it illegal for the landlord not to repair the gas boiler?
f = 9/5 c+32 please assist?
Does anyone think this joke is funny?
Installing Photshop 7????
What Angle has a measure of 35 degrees?
what is paypal and how does it work?
Has anyone else not made cheerleader?
see if you can?
Who is the Fawity Towers star?
What is the best Windows version ever?
differential equation?
what does acting in the company's best interest means?
give me a word that begans with the letter I?
Help on a wedding. Only serious answers please.?
A question for the guys - be honest about it, ok?
What's the ideal battleship?
i would like to check my texts from virizon.?
who think wes mannion is sexy?
What is another word for Dreary?
Does any one have the gazelle work out machine?
Why is my little finger asleep?
essence of computer in agriculture education?
How can I get over the fear of talking to my boyfriend?
who here has heard of jars of clay ?
what would u do??
Moral Question?
Why does Windows fragment files, even on large empty volumes?
has anyone ever had a lover they met on the internet?
What is retrovirus and how is it connected to AIDS?
Why should evolution be taught in schools?
It it time for Luis Figo to retire?
I need thoughts/perspective on Hamlet Act 2 Scene 2?
what are fillings?
whats your favorite hip hop song?
what is the number one cause of stroke?
Waiver of deportation.?
Any good excuse for being late?
Why does yahoo delete liberal insult questions?
Safe period?
making a website?
What is the best gift you have ever been given?
Why the birdflu originated in asia?
does swimming health increse height?
Where can I find examples of vegetation profiles for various biomes?
Does the school day need altering in the UK?
What does psoriasis have in common with cancer?
what kind of results can expect when taking phentermine?
How do I convert a .bin file?
What actually is " sin"..?
In which country does the sun rise first?
What is trampling? sexually speaking?
What was the lowest golf score recorded in a PGA event?
girl help!!!!!?
what is a piercing?
what is the formation of the solar system?
is there a download for microsoft word?
Have I gone wrong?
What is classed as flirting?
What letter does your name start with?
who thinks cyber sunday is rigged?
what celebrity should run for president?
how can i assume a mortage?
What are some good places for teenagers to work?
Can an employer send an employee home who has a bad cold?
How should I dress for an interview at Target?
why do your teeth chatter when you get really cold??
Iwant a program of space imaging to download for free?
who were the 16 seeded teams for the world cup draw?
biology help please!?
Iis Valerian root the natural form of Valium?
Is BENADRYL good for hives?
I was told to double my blood pressure medicine today ?
ok guys do you like skinny girls or not?
100 different ways to get your Husbands Attention?
hey how do you get the new yahoo web page?
What do Tax-Fearing Bush supporters think of this!?
What is Boxing Day?
what's superstition?
can i watch fifa world cup 2006 in the internet?
Who Was Or Is Your Faverite President.?
if u were a jelly bean what flavor  would u be?
87% of working men & women neglect to do this?
Is there a good remedies out there for knee pain?
Is buying stuff online as dangerous as people say it is?
Which country would you miss most at the world cup?
How do u feel seeing Dhoni in advertisements these days ?
please let me know the exam datesheet of X?
What is a good christmas present for my brothers?
what is the difference between DNA and RNA polymerase?
What anime person would you marry?
effects of bullying?
Who is cool vegeta or Goku?
My love is so sweet?
will too many files and programs slow my computer?
which cricket player has the worst body language??
Why do some foods "taste" better hot or cold?
Do you YAHOO ?
Why do we need names? Why not numbers for identification?
small business?
how people learn english in japan?
Guys, does a smile usually mean something?
why are people so dumb?
Who were the first users of the zipper?
does ayone read tarot cards for free?
Do Canadian citizens have more freedoms than Americans statistically speaking?
Do I loose my wisdom if  i pull out wisdom teeth?
Blood type...?
Why do women cheat?
Guess the answer?
I was listening to?
who are you?
How are men affected by sexism?
celebrate 'SEX DAY'?
how do i enable port 8443 on my computer?
Which is largest?  Which is smallest?  Why?
Why is IC black in colour?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of criticising others?
What is fantasy baseball?
What are the best sites on research and development?
Why wont my computer recognize my sound card?
What are your favorite smart-alec quotes & sayings?
does there really exist fairies on the earth? do you believe?
Is nestor 88gi straight?
where can i find explanations for weather words?
what does: "justifies the means" mean?
how can ifind grilfriend in sudan?
What do you think is wrong with me....?
What is the name of first computer in the world?
Grammar help!!!!?
what are some fun free things to do onthe internet?
What reactions occur in the thylakoid membrane?
what is net worth?
are you one of those stereotype computer nerds?
I SMELL SEX and CANDY?
Why Muslims make an issue out of everything?
which level of government establishes election laws in Florida?
What do you know?
Should I do this trade?
What kind of boys are the sexiest?
inclusive update information regarding antigen?
Will Notre Dame win the national championship?
Sit or Start Week 12 Fantasy Football?
What does elucidate mean?
Bon Scott or Brian Johnson?
county cricket clubs looking for players from South Africa?
Must every Beatles fan hate Yoko Ono?
I'd like to find out the facts about drug screening?
How do you hump a pillow?
Is adaptation a better science than evolution?
What punishment should be given to women beaters?
what is the conclusion for the lemon battery?
I was babysitting for a 9 year old boy and?
Will the Boston Celtics make the playoffs this year?
Round 2 for those who answered earlier to my smoking versus drinking?
how can i get free digital tv through my pc?
What do you think PM said to Chancellor?
What is the term for a unit of work?
who is you most loved person in your family?
Bit Torrent Websites?
Is Zac efron dating Amanda Bynes?
Which one do you prefer and why?
How do you make God laugh?
has man ever gon on jupitor?
i have this guy problem?
Purple Ronnie?
Clinton on Illegal Immigration?
why do certain peoples eye color change with the weather ?
free music uploader?
what information does employers get on background checks for childcare providers?
After 17 seasons, has the Simpsons lost its appeal?
Are ALL women bisexual?
what is eythel methel ketone used in?
what rymes with orange?
Is Buddhism a compass?
Please name the closest binary star system?
Looking for Hot Girl Pix?
what is tourism?
Where are the elementary private schools in Ontario?
Has anyone ever seen the ebola virus in action?
Is Noam Chomsky the world's leading scholar?
Which stud to sit today???
what search is best, google or yahoo?
Do all colors fade at the same rate?
Re-Gifting?
what is the most easiest way to study physics?
when to stop making love with your pregnant wife?
For Military wives, girlfriends, or Marines?
do fat ppl really have mold under all that fat?
This question is for someone medically inclined ...?
Define: Stereoacuity?
solve for x?
How can you stand the US president?
What would happen?
what is the world record for the 4000m single rowing?
What song would be the best for my MySpace profile?
what are the mining of saud?
PLEASE tell me what you think about my letter?
Can we discuss teachers as educators as well as learners ?
Whiten teeth?
mother should work or not?
Friction coefficient?
what exactly was the Tianeman Square massacre?
How does heat aid in healing?
who was in cream?
how are shadows developed?
im having probloms?
What do i do?
Last year the olympics gave out gold metals?
What can be done to fix the BCS?
what is *.chm?
ColdFusion or .Net?  Which allows for quicker development?
How did Heather Mills loose her leg?
How can declare Msgbox in C#?
Why does New York have two football teams??
Civil case on my credit report?
Pee pee question?
why chilli is so spicy ?
When a women is pregnant, do they tend to discharge more?
china or france?
what is pi?
does anyone know how to repair a chipped tooth?
What's a really really neat nickname for a girl?
reasons why you should quote your source?
Where can I find the EPS (adjusted) for stocks?
How can I participate to win World cup tickets?
whats wrong with the sound on my computer?
harassment, defamation of character?
how fare is the earth from the sun?
retail outlet of reliance web world in west delhi?
Do I Need To Change?
Why is page abbreviated to pp and not pg?
how can we learn more at home and make better myself?
How successful is that Sierra Club?
What Kind of Training do people in NROTC go through?
y do men is scotland wear those stupid skirt things?
how do i clear my yahoo addresse bar?
Can infinite  be a finite measurement?
what does a star symbolize?
How do I lookup valid phone numbers for people?
Stephen King or Dean Koontz?
Bad best friend?
Where can I find the song 187 sang by Jodeci?
Miami Heat vs. NEts?
how do you know if a guy is into you?
Where do I get a breast implant done within 16 days?
when i will get married and settled??
Is chevelle a good band?
who invented the laser?
What's the best TV show of all time?
whose goal was voted best of the decade from 1992-2002?
huw do i delete my answers account?
What do you think of this line?
how do I get other kids to notice me?
I want to lose 90 lbs?
Corpus Christi must not be a desirable place, why?
what do potato bugs eat?
how much it will cost to do a perfume comercial?
where can i find myself?
My brother is an only child.  How could this be true?
Who sings Jesus Is My Super Hero?
Do you feel that schools discrimitate against the lower class?
Where can I find a silk screen press?
separate iodine from the mixture of iodine?
Who actually thinks string theory represents reality in any way?
how do you respond when a guy asks you out?
who is the best footballr in the world?
How would i map temporal population change?
Firstborn diseases?
When was Dark energy first discovered and by whom?
i want names of at least 10 heart diseases?
Who thinks Brat Pitt is a moron?
What is the English word which have the most meaning?
What do I do?
how do i get more points?
Barry Bonds?
how to do i download pictures from nextel phone to computer?
beta-hydroxy butyraldehyde structural formula?
Deliverables for FEED and detail design. Thanks?
Why did Clinton help take out the twin towers?
Legal requirements and taxes in drop shipping business?
what is the boiling point of water?
How would you describe your leadership qualities?
What do these Spanish words mean?
eckzema???
How can I have a better relationship with God?
what is the most important creation of god?
HOW CAN gay people be leave in god?
what is the name of this piece of music?
this is for school so please help me?
Who deserve the second place - Man Utd or Liverpool?
Is this wrong? I have a man?
Three link joke.  if  you can. fill the blank space?
who are you?
abu yazid al bustami?
Would brainwashing lead us to a better society?
do i need a cpu cooler?
What is your favorite video game of all time???
Real estate investment books/seminars/tapes?
Do missionary's only have sex in the missionary position?
Motivation?
Bears defeat the Colts?
in the IRC,what caliber pistol is most commonly used?
Whatever happened to Schneb?
How do i set up a PayPal account?
what is the difference between a primary and secondary standard solution?
how do I become a participating provider for Aetna Healthcare?
How does a jaw crushers work?
how to get online to chat and then get off line after?
Fly Fishing Southern California Coast Line (surf)?
What is the best place to stay in kirkwood?
help me understand?
What do you think of Argentinean people?
what is the nearest planet to the earth?
I have a weird fetish...?
Age requirements to buy rifles?
Bit of a resume/background check problem.?
help me out with a project?
Whats the run-time of nacho libre?
which is internet site to freely download carnatic music?
Urgent --- 911 information?
Who will be the Capatin of Indian Team in future?
how to copy data into a floppy.?
unsigned/indy bands?
what is your favourite music video of all time...?
need help buying a computer?
Tarzan's Mechanical Energy in a swing...?
how is preparation platelet rich plasma?
why this stupid disteny plays with life?
Why do Democrats support and protect NAMBLA?
The name of your first pet and your mums maiden name?
who is she?
What is a red pass for a  Dallas cowboy football game?
is there atrue love?
What are some of the medical problems expected from a mine rescue?
what is the difference between the dye and pigement?
Hey boys,are you a wolf in sheeps dress?
For pro football fans?
I quit smoking!?
Should I just ignore what happened?
why people cannot  be truthful?
why do i need acollege education?
What's the best PCMCIA card?
Condo Unit For Sale?
why is life a bad think?
Ella Enchanted?
what is philippine literature?
Why is a car a safe place during lightening storm?
has anyone ever read inkheart?
Aree you scared of Hurricanes?
What can we do to stop  seeing our civil liberties being weakened?
How can I join a Kobe Bryant fan club?
does anyone know anything about graves disease?
make-a-wish?
Can you help me?
Why do we have a coward for President?
How does one get out of regular Migraine?
Need topic for Independent Resreach Project?
Is there a great conspiracy behind 911?
What are the four modernizations of China?
Is NYC the city more expensive to live?
Would you forgive?
Solve 6x+6=2x?
How is the BLACK HOLE creation?
Has a hockey team ever swept the playoffs?
can we all keep the political drama inside the politics section please?
Does Richard Bernard live in Iraq?
Which volcanic eruption caused the most deaths?
my eyes are getting red lines is it due to sleeping more?
What was the reason of death of Eddie Guerrero?
When were the sanctions for Yugoslavia removed?
How do I find a manufacturer for a product idea I have?
can you name all the ben 10 aliens?
what are cooling methods of open machine()?
how fast is a wolverine?
How preforms Monday Night Raw's opening theme song?
what do you think about eminem??
Do you beleive in evolution? why or why not?
What's the schedule of 2006 FIFA in Yahoo?
Computer course reccomendations please ?
can you help?
Notre Dame vs. USC?
can you get corrosion in composite materials?
berakebo??
What type of government does Cuba have???
Where can I find niche markets to sell products?
hot or not?
How does DNA work?
fave vampire?
Guys, what do you do to show her your interested?
why log cannot take -ve values and o also?
anyone know anything about fishing with a telephone mag.?
What are good exercise activities for teenage boys?
Question for everyone?
Does masturbation affect weight gain?
Has the war created more terrorists than it has eliminated?
looking for boxing results for charlie howe?
how much you value indians and its culture?
What's your favorite song by The Go! Team ?
What do you think is a conspiracy?
Anyone play water polo?
Does anybody know who this song was written by?
Where can I download the movie "The Little Princess" ?
How far Ukraine can go on world cup 06???
What's your ideal partener's description?
Any scholarship for medical school after SPM?
Does anyone know anything about AMF bicycles?
The truth no matter how it hurts?
Vendorname for the PO?
what field i can join for my carrier for MA degree?
Why are the bible thumpers so full of hate ?
how do i get rid of shin cramps?
can someone help me with this problem?
man, this????
informing professors of a death?
can u take two pills a day using smartburn?
Why do men cheat with ugly women?
Canada, I want to work and live in Canada?
Writing a Christmas letter?
I am looking for old software, Like Windows 98?
what country is Mt. Kilamajaro located?
IF BRASIL does not win world cup then who will?
I need major help...?
What is the exchange of gas in the lungs called?
Pantyhose question? (women only)?
Does anyone know and like the korean singer rain?
Is there any website where.....?
Is she cheating?   Help w/Spanish.?
what word uses every letter in the alphabet?
The force required to penetrate human skin.?
NBA team playing at home matters?
how do you write a poem analysis paper?
What do u think of myrlinn manson?
Diary of a cat....?
How should I invest my lottery winnings?
how do u no?
Whatis your favorite Beverage Drink???
Will you talk to me on Yahoo Messenger? im really bored?
Mathematica's "Calculus WIZ"?
where is the city of Esed Abed?
After I graduate in june should I go straight to college?
can i have a phone no.to apply for a card?
whats gonna go if i upgrade?
Who likes EMINEM HERE!?
what is the official name of the world series baseball trophy?
Wht is your favorite TV drama?
Have you started your celebration?
Simplify: 169^1/2?
How do you calculate permutations?
Will Shamrock ever come back to the WWE?
Why do videos take so long to load on my computer?
shuld i give my boyfriend anal?
What is a server?
what is the best love match for a gemini?
Why do people?
What is the definition of Science?
Are teenagers turning away from religion?
is astrology predictions true and logic??
does anyonw know where to get answers to homework problems?
what factor made Ganguly out of the indian team?
Does he really like me secretly?
what is naprosyn tabs for?
Peace Corps question re: couples?
Should there be immigration reform, and should the borders be closed?
Wich is the best electronic music site?
what is bjos.net?
how do i save e-mail in outlook?
Any tips for upcoming job interview?
Who is going to win the world cup in 2006?
Favorite Horror Movie?
whats the best medicine to pass a drug test?
What training or education do I need to be a forensic technician?
Do you think school should be mandatory until the age of 16?
Florida Gators?
should we allow religion in school?
What can someone do if they have your IP Adress?
We each want a different type of wedding?
Who invented pancakes?
Karyotypes from dried insects?
where can you purchase certified checks and money orders and travelers checks?
So why is the US soccer team on the verge of elimination?
why can't we all just get along?
How many of you out there cheer?
What is the equivalent of £100 spent in 1985 in 2006?
Is 15 to young to be in 12th grade?
How to make a guy want you back?
Mormanism: Cult or Christian?
what does  physics?
why are there braile dots on an atm machine?
do you prefer warm water or cold water in swimming pool?
how many trillionaires do we have in america?
question about wave movement?
Words of encouragement and support?
10 year savings plan 25 pounds monthly?
Where can I download the music by The Princesses Of Violin?
Does that make me gay if I just really needed the money?
What is the best season of Six Feet Under?
Who Are Steel Dragon?
any one preparing IIT?
How much mark up should there be on products?
What are your ideas about animals having souls?
how can i develop my vocabulary in english?
do hi 5 have it own mi?
Mobile Computer Connectivity?
What is SUN according to Astrology?
howmany cuts can obtained from  a pizza using 3 cuts?
How do I change my nickname?
question for the neo-liberals?
what is 2/10 of an hour?
does penis size matters to a woman?
UK vs USA?
Oldest LANGUAGE In THE WORLD?
Who won the first super bowl?
whats rhe best thing for constant tiredness?
Who supports Manchester United?
When you look in the mirror?
i love foto woman alder me?
What are some qualifications for an Aerospace Engineer?
Health Factor......overweight?
why doesn't sails go backwards when going up wind?
how much is 800euro in pounds?
Top 5 best and hottest...?
Is it possible to track individual citizen's votes?
at what national park do the most bats fly at night?
email ids of engineering colleges in hyderabad?
what is shoulder impingement syndrome?
what does three meters- 197 centimeters equal???
What is Gorium?
What is name of Rolex theme song on their ads?
Social Studies ? about war of 1812?
What is a krebb cycle?
does ireland participate in the olympics?
Masturbation Problem. serious question. help!?
tricks for cleaning a stuburn white board?
what is the period between 1920-1945 called?
should there be boundries based on agegroup or gender?
If you could chose how you die?
Who is your favourite character off family guy?
how can i know i am really interested in a boy?
Any good fundraising ideas for my cheerleading team??
Have steroids actually helped Barry Bonds hit home runs?
how do you make old questions go away?
What is the relation between God's choice and our choosing?
Should the Detroit Lions call it a season now?
Superpowers?
im trying to find a soccer cleat?
am i too skinny??
how do u readan X on the gutar tab?
how do u over hand serve?
Has anyone got a job through a staffing service?
How do I get over someone I care about who betrayed  me?
Is the mainstream media influence by the Government?
Is there a such thing as emotionially cheating?
Why can't weather forecasters accurately predict the weather?
umm...Cricket and Darts but no Lacrosse?
Do you think states that spend more money on schools do better?
Who is better Gerrard or Lampard?
what is river lifting ?
what was the best part about your day?
Rod Stewart?
Stanford vs. MIT vs. CIT?
what is a 42 sided pentagon called?
US army officer refuses deployment to Iraq?
Can President Bush recover his authority??
What is a meniscal tear?
Does anyone knows wt 'zany' mean?
How was President Ronald Reagan influential for ending Communism?
what is the current population of india?
Where can I find info on a dental spacer?
how to create female attraction?
What do you know about Operation Market Garden during WWll?
how do I open an import export company ?
How do you save videos from YouTube to your hard drive?
what should i do?
Difference between Libs and Cons in States please?
Translation from russian to english?
compared girl/ guy conversation?
How do you know when you really love some one ?
hi.. how long is a small dick?
Charlton Football Club?
Hey!Does Anybody loves GreenDay?
Mortgages Question...?
another ??? for ya?
Who is "A Ferret Named Polo"???
what can i do ?
What do you get when you ask a stupid question?
what is the biggest day for spouse abuse?
Who is this Woman?
someone please help me!!!?
Palming the ball?
Do you love Disney's "High School Musical?"?
Choose one?????
What is the best way to spend the rest of your life?
please answer the following question in detail.?
How do you get the area of a triangle,?
does topdressing a putting green increase the soil surface?
Finding an address online?
why all the world hate USA?
Pin worm trouble?
Does anyone out there know anything about check forgery laws?
do male enhansement pills really work?
Really Good Riddles!!!!!?
should i wait for him to make the move?
Who really built the pyramids?
how do i delete my yahoo search history?
when you play college ball do you recieve money?
how do I find nutritonal information for Golden C oral?
What is that song,,.?
what is better.. icq or msn?
Free telnet server?
Writing  forums, sites...?
What are all the postal codes for Florida?
Money sucks?
what is the epicenter san andreas fault?
Can u give me 5 differences between fauna and flora?
does this work?
what is a retrograde fever?
How to corrupt a access card system ?
Should weed be legal and alcohol illegal?
Can I tell my landlord to back off from showing the place?
i have no girl friend plz help me?
how can i contact with foreigners in izmir,turkey?
Do women like for their husbands to buy them underwear?
any pitt girls in here?
How can they take a picture of the Milky Way Galaxy?
Personalized NFL Kids Jerseys?
Maths problem?Help me please...?
where could i get citric acid?
What is the point?
What's the best way to get your adrenaline going?
Ughh now another question about pitching?
iam looking for friends for say to so many feelings?
university in the UK or USA???
Translate Happy Birthday  from English to Japanese?
What is the worst thing that a loved one ever told you?
A  picture of a thorny Triquetra?
block a number?
Why was the Tariff of 1838 placed?
Can you see results in 2 hours a week at the gym?
Where does your family originate from?
What is the point in rules?
plz explain to me?
Does anyone know any info on the Star Wars TV show?
Why is that men are so picky on how women look?
Need  HTML code to export to my webpage?
How do i set my Myspace profile to private?
How do I start my own homepage?
PowerPoint?
who sings that song --then i got high?
is there a dance class for people over 21?
On which continent is Venezuela located?
Do Anorexics start out fat?
Is smell  an energy? How it can be defined?
how can a woman have 2 uteruses?
my toshiba computer says ntlder?
Where is the best recycle place in the Carolina's?
how to remove tank from toilet?
who are mostly likely to be a victim of violence crime?
Bench for Ronaldo?
Just Caresa>>??!!?
Gorgons as bulls?
What does Puda mean in spanish?
how to design the power system for the solar powered automobile?
killamangiro or kill a man for his giro?
how to cope with nuclear and chemicals accidents?
Did the Redskins wait to long?
whatkind of scale is on a measuring cup?
Who is your favorite for wining the NBA title this season?
My girlfriend might like someone else.?
If you hate Hilary Duff, why do you hate her?
hygiene in women..?
What is "turning tricks"?
What is transferred by a force moving an object through a distance?
Why do the fans throw squid on the ice in Detroit?
when did india won his first cricket test match?
who loves the phille eagles?
why does everyone at a Miami Heat game wear white?
what are good oldie songs of girl power and moving on?
Why God is so partial?
foreign exchange?
is it important external video card for a laptop?
What did God do on the seventh day before God rested?
Hey everyone Whats your email address???
what is the combined wealth of African countries across the entire continent?
Exactly what is a "good Christian"?
Portugal vs Holland. Who will win?
What other countries use 12-step programs?
How do scientists find out the weight of wild animals?
Texas..does it ever get snow at all?
How do I find out if a guy likes me?
when Bhutan got indepedance from India?
what are natural and professional characteristics of teacher?
Ian Thorpe?
til level 4 how many points?
In your own words what does free speech mean to you?
go in engineering field or medical?
Do u have myspace?
a question of style?
Why do I fall asleep when trying to read a technical manual ?
how do you get boys to like you?????
if a boy keeps your letter do he like you.?
need to go to SSI office in Lancaster Ohio?
spanish help?
is alicia keys working on a new album?
my bf seems to think i like another guy.?
Who invaded Spain in the 8th century?
Democrats without hope?
Can ambien cause a rise in blood pressure?
Who is the best footballer in Scotland and why?
what is glitches.?
Why does she not talk to me anymore?
what are some chemical properties of nonmetals?
How to make stabilizing turquoise?
should i quit my job?
Why do apes have less offspring than humans?
Bill Clinton is looking for 25 interns, would you apply?
How do you know when you have ran out of invisible ink?
how to buy hair pieces for cheap prices?
How long does it take for you to 'come' ?
What is world's biggest mistake ?
how can a MAN not like sports?
is "self-termination" a real term?
is there a tri colored LED flashlight on the market?
Can you give me some advice?
what is the significance of discovering photosynthesis?
When alcohol abuse is similar to physical abuse?
Courtship vs. Dating? What do you think?
AA in Law Enforcement?
what is that black stuff in the middle of a pencil?
Where can I learn storytelling in Miami, Florida?
Why does my bike chain keep jumping in higher gears?
how does money make you happy?
how 2 pro som1?
What am i?
Is Yahoo! Verizon DSL a rip-off?
can you make payment  online.?
how do you do Completing the Square?
What are the different branches of biology?
what all do foriegners know about india?
answer to page 21 puzzlehacker.com?
Does the republican congress think that our tax dollars grow on trees?
Will the involvement of parents improve your education?
hell and shizzle?
What song have you been listening to alot lately?
Should I dump my boyfriend?
what words can i say to my lovely angel?
how to talk to my friends after i cheated?
arch bridges method of designing and construction?
What is proper funeral attire?
What is the siginficance of the power spectral density ?
does rapsody or napster work with ipod?
FIFA 07 Football Promotion from Championship to Premiership?
Has life been good or bad to you?
Why is USA a magnet for immigants?
American Christmas presents?
Why are african americans black?
Does the carlton sheets real esate program really works?
Is Laser skin surgery safe?
Riddle impossible 4 real!!?
anwser plz!?
how do i get rid of starware from my pc?
Rats - do they hibernate in the winter?
have yuo ever hear something good about serbia?
Problems Composing?
What is the basis for the Relativity principle?
Why are the troops still in Iraq?
How can I get my girlfriend to stop biting her nails?
How do you console a mother of a suicide victim?
Pls give me some suggestions in writing a letter..?
obtaining a business licence for rental property in los angeles county?
Baltimore Ravens the underdog... what?!?
how do you de stroke a chevy 350 engine?
What were u for Halloween?
How much do you exercise?
Are there any christians out there that have contemplated suicide?
Help with Christmas card ettiquette?
how I can make a web side?
what kinds of stress we have?
which team is better the steelers or the bengals?
wat is blackhole?
What is the history behind Thanks Giving?
Christians?
who do i call if my dog has been kidnapped?
Does anybody know why we have eyebrows?
Why do onions make you cry?
Are there any work at home jobs that are real?
Can you send me a million dollars?
The heart lies between which two bony structures?
Do you see Mexicans the same after their boycott?
how do i make him pay?
trying to get rid of stomach flab?
How do I know if he likes me?
What was ancient Sumer's Religious System?
Anyone use this to pass a drug test?
What is something people feel before they buy it?
If   English is your mother  language , can you help ?
How can whitney Houston have custody of her daughter?
what can i do to score good marks in my studies?
How much does a Pediatric Nurse make?
How safe is shopping on EbaY?
Why is bush so godly and clinton sucks?
knock knock?
Why does God not destroy Lucifer?
Do you think the next president will be a democrat?
Does the world produce enough food to feed everyone?
Australia vs Croatia?
wat should i do?
Why did israel kill kennedy?
what is best celeron or pentuim 4?
10cm scale 20:1actual measure?
Whats the best way to get a girl?
who won the World Pool Champion?
how many women loved to have their feet massaged?
what are valves types and there symbols?
AP Euro is the hardest class! any tips?
is it confidence or delusion? (ladies please)?
What is the population in the whole world ?
why do girls play softball and boys play baseball?
Why do some people consistently receive scam offers on the internet?
DVD ripper/converter?
Who is the owner of zales jewelry?
what are organisational type structures?
Are there any sex related videos?
erase ur questions?
when did the arab-israeli crisis began?
what is the story of the dreamscape?
How can I watch DVD with ordinary CD driver?
What causes atmospheric pressure to change?
can anyone answer this question on nascar?
how can i start a practical assignment on osmosis?
Who will win the premiership next year?
College football...?
Mendel's Principles?
Extreme difficulty?
Tips for getting your crush???
Should there be "another" revolution in Mexico?
Why is the movie Happy Feet rated PG?
What are the things that really bug an entomologist?
What is 12p=6 -3p?
wuz it to you?
my parents?
im catcher?
asap meathodology?
What is the lyrics for a Capitol Steps song?
why are buildings called buildings when they are already built?
socail anxiety?
is tony working in this hospital?
where can i buy PCN fine holders?
what are some teen magazine sites?
How many systems are there in the human body?
Can to much caffeine cause sore breasts?
would you like to be donald trump?
Does anyone know Oundle School?
how much common salt contains 2 grams of sodium?
Who was the first sword swallower ?
Has Anyone heard of thinstant advertised inGlobe magazine?
which is the best site for free movie downloads?
How can i come to know if a guy likes me??
Who else in here had a major crush on Wonder Woman?
Contract Mobile Phone?
i have in IQ test 132 from 200?
Cutting Tapers on the Lathe?
what about football on artificial turf?
hi friends..need ur help..?
NASCAR Trivia #7?
how can I get an ID aalias?
What is the legal meaning of the word sincere?
What is ur favorite Bollywood movie ?
What is the smell of spinal fluid?
What is yeast?
U ever see this one?
The funniest commercial?
Who wants to oust divers from the game.?
Wheres the good in good-bye?
How much detail need to be put in a Will?
Benny Hill sketches?
Which is the world's most common animal?
What are some good ways to make money while going to college?
What should i do?
What kind of chickens make the best projectile?
What are you doing for evolution day this Friday?
What Would You Do If You Were A MILF???
what is hemiparetic gait?
How to cure bad acne?
What was the supreme court decision on evolution vs creationism?
Okay I think I got it!?
Why are teachers in college called professors and not teachers?
anti-war christians?
Bootable DVD???
Know where I can find a Paris Hilton quote?
Im after examples of police training policy statements?
What is bloodshot and how do you get rid of it?
what are the rules for X and Y?
FOR YOU electrical engineering is a good career????
Can a company get introuble for this?
what is gazumping?
why is it good for a female to be single?
Gold Rush Game Mixx Master Space Movie?
what a confession?
the name of a totally collapsed object (two words)?
how fast should you idle while fishing for dolphin?
am i stupid?
Is copper brittle or ductile material?
Is there a virus that will randomly cause a computer to restart?
characristic of what makes a good soldier?
Whats your favorite season of the year?
How are pixies born?
Girls, i have a serious question?
history of key sacred texts in judaism?
how can i get rid of my dandruff?
Do you think all violent sex offenders should be castrated?
have jesus ever been relly mad?
How long does it take to die of Boredom ?
how dose a boy react when he likes a girl?
i need to meet some new guys.  any advice?
Centripetal Force?
Why do people always badmouth Macs?
what is a synonyom?
Help needs to set Printserver?
Does your house lose things like mine?
How many of you think .....?
was emma willard rich or poor?
Prayer for the Soldier?
Do you cry in movies?
stereotypes?
what type of website would u like to see?
where can I buy samples of Telomerase enzyme.?
full abrreviation of PVR multiplex?
where can I find a submissive woman in Michigan?
Does anybody know a poems?
what is a good lotion for children with eczema?
Hippie Joke?
Who Know about Life Coaching?
Do you believe people have auras?  Can you sense them?
What is a hi-speed USB host controller?
i am a virgin and....?
when did the first casino inlas vegas appear?
How is the "King" of WWE determined?
how do i get rid of back pain?
How has the death of the pope effected you?
How do I make a girl fall for me?
I need a map of europe during 1944?
what does it mean when your thyroid is alittle low?
Does anyone know the names of each pussycat dolls member?
to be   or not to be?
Who is the best wrestler of all time?
If you are put off here for how long!?
How many people actually get married before they have sex?
What is the percentage of people who have a celebrity role model?
Where can I find info about careers being a pilot?
Okay, so what's the speed of dark?
What is your Favorite Band or Singer?
Can you make ice stay cold forever?
why do some liquids cool faster then others?
Associates of Arts?
Who is the best in WWE now?
Any tips on easy dieting?
what does mañana mean in spanish?
i want some picture about Telecommunication.?
When can i produce sperm?
Hello, is there a 24/7 screening team?
are you thinking about christmas yet?
what do Network Engineers do?
Can you finish THESE sentences about Professional Wrestling?
When was Mary Custis Lee born?
who is the best hockey player in the world?
I do not know???
has anyone been to see pink live ?
List top ten free e-mail providers?
What's your general feelings about Japan and the Japanese?
Anyone know this song by Eminem?
Does L.A. weight loss work.?
Who was australias first ever soccer captian?
how to extend a trial time of software?
When you say my name, I disappear. What am I?
ho do you do the thizzle dance??
does mcdo accept workers that are under 18?
Should the two planners be self-sufficient?
what is distric 5 parole?
How much DNA in a ml of human blood?
Should boxing be banned?
What is a biological indicator?
glow in the dark golf bag tags?
Why is adoption process important in Marketing?
How do you make a good paper airplane?
source module?
Division of Rational Expressions?
IRS help, please?
Are Republicans hypocrites?
What is the full form of SAP?
What is testosterone?
WHo is born on April 8?
tap......?
What can I do to gain at least 30 pounds by June?
What are your feelings on Bush's plans for immigration?
what is a transmissometer?
How about Jesse Ventura for President?
Whatis the difference between p and p-hat?
Question about marriage between Canadian and American?
why dont asian women like white men?
How do you report REMIC income on your tax return?
Have you ever taken back an abusive spouse?
what is the code to make a space in html?
Who Holds the Fastest Mile Time??
i have a problem?
Does Brandon Litten like me?
what came first the chicken or the egg?
what is the minimum amount to buy shares?
Who wants free points?
where is rita brohm?
where to go on a rainy day for a date?
What software should I use?
Is medifast a nutritionally sound diet?
Do illegal immigrants celebrate Thanksgiving?
Is diabetes really a non-curable disease?
"Guest" welcoming herself at a bad time?
How can genuine communication be achieved in the TESOL classroom?
Bush Vs Clinton. who was worse?
perfect murder?
how do i find a hobby that i will enjoy?
what's beneath the world?
Whats the best soulotion to whiter teeth?
Can I have some dietary information from the ladies please?
Cheaper by the Dozen 2 End Credit Song?
what is Haiet Jalmood?
How can i raise my Social Studies Grades?
Who is the greatest dart player off all time?
What's one thing that you love about yourself?
Graphing Help?
Please help with this psycho!?
what are tokens in terms of security and e-banking?
How does an international company work?
give it a shot?
Do you like Scary Movie 2, 3, and 4?
How do you make picture links?
Does anybody know what is fononic technology?
Why do we always close our eyes when we sneeze?
Election day tomorrow how are you going to vote for the following?
Is it safe to eat yellow snow?
How do I tone up my stomach and my legs?
Any one wants to marry me and  produce a cute little painting?
What is a defensive personality?
Media Center?
What do you think of microchips?
Who started the cold war?
Do sharks have ears?
what is a good website to find biographys on authors?
What do you call a corporate state controlled by the government?
What does THO stand for?
new riddle!?
I want to know about love?
Where can I find a cool free online role playing game?
What language(s) do you speak?
who is the best unknown player in Fantasy?
Do people really act on spite?
fish tycoon for free can anyone help?
whats photon in chemistry?
nottinham crown court web site?
Do you think Kelly Osbourne is beautiful?
Who wants to do the hard labor jobs that the  immigrants do?
how to darken white dentures?
do vegetables exist in biology?
does anyone know who sings the song rawkfist??
what are the first 10 unique numbers?
More Java help!?
Anyone live in Michigan?
Anyone see any of the Leonoid Meteor shower ??
what is ITDetector.ocx?
how old is Julia Roberts?
Where can I find about laws that a landlord must go by?
why do we itch ourselfs?
what kinds of fringe benefits do webmasters get?
How do I override my school filter?
meningitis vaccine?
how do i get to my email its a different address?
what is the best texts in historical philosophy?
Gettign a Copyright?
Where to buy driving gloves?
what chemical reaction takes place when doing pregnany tests?
will jenny bi mine?
Can sophomores handle AP biology?
Im only 10 but what good movies are there?
how to win a lottery?
it will be better when we enter in the EU?
What is the scientific name of the purple tube sponge?
Does any one know Matthew Longhurst from Aberdeen Scotland?
rational expressions?
Why do people really report me?
where i can get dunks from all star 2006?
What would Jesus do?
do you believe romances dying out?
What diet pills work the best???
No prejudice intended, but why?
What Is the Cult of the Dead?
Have any recent grads found success as freelance graphic designers?
Who is the best weather person???
Vive le sport???
will West Ham win the cup?
What are the future prospects for Procter and Gamble?
Where is pergatory mentioned in the Bible?
When does india will become as a super power?
haveing problems  removingg    kelloger32.exe?
know any good pranks?
temporal lobe tumors?
How do you get a budget template in excell?
Do you like riddles?
Computer hackers?
When will the 8th Harry Potter book be relesed?
Who do you think has a good album out?
Has anyone gone camping in Pom De Tear Missouri??
why did you people vote for the democrates?
the role of the executive branch in the 2000 presidental election?
Do u like Salman Khan?
where do i file online taxes for 1040 ez?
why ask why?
where are the american embassy located?
Whats  some good ideas for dateing?
want song from flim KACHE DHAGE?
how could i remove/delete downloads?
the gap between US GAAP and PRC GAAP?
Can too many UTI's be bad?
what is diethyl hydroxylamine?
do guys hate it?
Can anybody help me with WWII rationing?
What kind of tools do earth scientists use?
How far is it from UVA college to University of Richmond?
what areas of the world have dolphin populations?
How do historians view the Okie migration?
HELP me Please i have girl problems??
how to calculate a balcony structure?
has any predictions the bible made came true?
Why is the sun larger on sunrise and sunset?
how do I read the contents of a memory stick?
what is an account assistant?
What would be some good entertainment for my family?
Who can impress me the most?
who is the boy in the bob sinclair videos?
was hitler a dictator?
Has anyone had an experience with emotional abuse?
does anyone know a website where you can easily identify minerals?
What song is this?
will most computer apps become web-based applications in the future?
I was caught cheating on my wife with her sister?
where is the historical chimney rock located?
Why am I so angry?
How do you calculate 2*3 using a slide rule?
what is the name of the hindu God?
How do airplane speed measure?
i could not download yahoo mesenger?
Yahoo Email disappearing?
What does God do in her leisure time?
Help with math.?
A change added to the Constitution is called a?
How do you make yourself cry even when your happy?
how do you get out of a lease when purchasing a home?
where to buy the cheapest soccer jersey?
Which countries holds the most medals in tennis?
philippines weather?
she's gone... what now?
where can i find instructions for ab lounge?
what does Imaoo mean in internet speak?
definition and responsibility of marketing agent?
am i obese??
what is the best way to clean tounge?
why does texas require an annual state budget?
what is the cabin pressure of the A380?
Do glasses turn u on????
i need help badly?
electronic voting?
How can I stop from hurting when I first have sex?
what do these avast icons mean?
How can you tell if your jaw is out of line?
how to see my bank bal?
What about Tae Bo?
For the curvy  girls?
In Revelation,?
who are the seven disney princesses?
how much would you sell your foreskin for?
who is my Valentine?
Does anyone have an Flash video tutorials?
how to setup a new business in vancouver?
do u women really?
How do you cite the Bible in a bibliography?
Why are there no religen made by a women?
fiber board?
does any one know who Doug Mirabelli is?
Scary Movies......?
Solve for R:?
Do you stay away from things that you don't understand?
Does Milton Keynes have a Roaman Fort?
Riddles just for fun?
Have any guys wear a dress before? How does it feel?
trouble loading images in browser?
how can i find the law office by the phone number?
Should the American Soldiers be proud to fight under Mr Bush?
where do i find information about opening and operating a day spa?
Artillery help please!?
What are some common machines found in weight rooms?
Sisqo sings about bubbles do  you agree?
What motivates the majority of American in 2006?
which colour women love 4 panty ??
moving away for uni?
Going to the past!?
E! true hollywood story on me, why not?
what does employment really mean to the new generation presently?
Who should win Survivor: Exile Island?
Can you help me think of a campaign slogan?
is this right? (statistics)?
Where  can a 14 year old get a job in Michigan?
when will verizon dsl be faster?
Colorado?!?
how do you format the hard drive in a thinkpad?
what does this term " lean left / right " means?
women in army boot camp?
Did Jesus really die on the cross?
what are the dangers of street luge?
who is gonna win this years champions league?
why is society so corrupted???
what is the history of modular system?
Credit card advice needed.?
Why are breasts always warm?
Is there going to be an x:men 4?
what colors are best for a April wedding?
Do the people working at Lipton take coffee breaks?
What is the best FTP Client.?
What's the quickest way to sober up ?
Far Cry graphics on an Sli System?
Can someone help me with my tennis game?
can i find a solitaire reaper at Scotland?
physics need help?
Ban on Gay Marriage?
Another stoopid question about the colour of the sky?
can queen be sued or not?
How do I recover home sickness?
how do you know when a preson really loves you?
Who has a Runescape account they don't want?
i need help?
is moldy bread OK to eat?
how to decide whom to maary?
Legal, I guess.?
safari will not open e mail. why?
tatoos?lip piercing?
what should I do...?
Does anybody watch Andy Milonakis?
Why do you pretty ones prefer ugly boys and men?
Birthday Ideas For Turning 18?
approximate Value of 33 albumn Steelers super bowl XIII season?
what is the best orlando bloom movie?
What is the meaning of the acronym "MILF"?
What state do you live in?
whats is freedom of the seas?
What was you Christmas tradition in your house?
How do you think cable TV will effect people in the military?
How can I get in contact with Michael Ealy?
wot iz happening in detroit?
can i get video out of an usb?
TV audio trailers "charmed"?
why have so many of our good soldiers fought so many wars?
2nd buddhist question?
What is the formula relating mass to distance?
What pain do you exactly feel during labour?
Do you see any evidence of global warming in your backyard?
2/3 of 20% of 120?
how do i tighten my laptop lid?
What are 2 ways 2 kill a blonde???
What are the best qualities to make an outstanding manager ?
Hard Drive-Healthy(AT Risk)?
How much weight can you curl with your arms?
What is the difference between lip synching and lip singing?
Does anyone on here live in Lakecity, PA.?
When did Christianity acquire the monopoly on "truth"?
why should anybody take Arianna Huffington seriously?
ann and joe out walking?
For females chatting with more than a males is good or bad?
Can anyone explain how to thread hair removal.?
what type of nergy do cordless telephones use?
How wants to be my friend ?
CSI: Miami?
So..anybody freakin excited....?
How I can send free sms to eropa?
what dous i love you mean?
what constitutes wealth?
How do I speed up my download rate on limewire?
When is the Soccer World Cup?
Why Americans will soon bow down to Jihadists ?
Aiming Systems + Billiards?
Is there anything bettter than Google Earth?
Which is better: Apple or Microsoft?
Anyone good at reading  body language?
What are the age requirements for kindergarten entry in Alaska?
why do girls answer more questions on the topics then guys?
Why was God so comfortable with slavery?
Is Albert Bentley the grandson of Albert Einstein?
give name of some best schools in Kolkata.?
Is the law an idiological state apparatus?
Should the name for Gay Marriage be changed?
Are Pat Metheney & Lyle Mays an item?
celeb bodies?
What is the GSD331 standard?
who sings this song?
how can i find the length of the day?
Are there any collective official sites for college Green Party organizations?
what is the milky way?
how safe is internet shopping?
cap rate-sell price 600000-commercial?
Place to mingle in Sacramento?
can any body recomend any good work from home business?
Help me find this CD Please!!?
10th standard results of rajasthan board declared today.?
how do i get memory for my computer?
Who in here remembers Chalino Sanchez?
What countries have a space program other than the U.S?
in bloomington indiana?
did st peter ever said to have popes?
cure for ezcema?
How do you know that God is happy with you?
find five consecutive numbers whose sum is 150.?
what is the life for you ?
Why is Russia described as a land empire?
Do u have good ETIQUETTE???
Anyone ever have luck with a ouija board ?
what website can i download winamp??
Gracie v. Hughes?
What is the virtue of humility, or humble service?
Windows XP?
rainbow at midnight?
How do you stay motivated?
effects of drug abuse?
Is it allegeries?
Daft one about a one legged Spanish volleyball player?
the boycott. 1st of May?
Alcohol Infections?
what do you like better rock or hip hop? and why?
what can you tell about lesbian s relatoinship?
Name me the all-time starting 5 for pro basketball.?
left hand numb?
how to tackle ghost?
I need advise on sex?
Difficulty of a task?
will i put on weight!?
What will you do if you had extra money everyweek?
Can someone help me with computer problem?
A baseball question to ponder....?
do you have something against mexicans ?
what is the best way to care for a new tattoo?
question about marriage?
Dont cha know no good?
How to start an online radio?
why media favours the government and not the common people?
Why do married people look like each other?
I need HELP!!!!!?
In what year was FIFA Cup heald in Brasil?
What college did Jeremy Bloom attend?
How do I feed spiders liquids?
how do you make your peroid start?
what does it mean to be a legal eagle?
did they create bugs bunny for the children?
i need a personification sentence for a pencil?
Wrestling fans,  did Lita have a boob job?
what does the Egyptian slaves live?
Celeb help???!!!?
What is your favorite part of the Bible?
How do I get into Recon in the Marine Corps?
how to prepare and open my own web page/site myself?
Why people cannot always tell the truth?
What waters do brine shrimp live in?
Whar do you think about myspace.com?
confusing probability problem?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
Why do people ask serious medical questions online?
What is so important about quantum computation theory?
Can i have an unlock code calculator for free?
what shall I do for my future career?
when is the UEFA final between Arsenal and Barcelona?
i want to know my bhavishya fal?
My daughter wants to know everyone's favorite sport.?
how to find out windows 2000 administrator password?
How to maintain a phiysically fit body?
Any E-Bayers out there??
how long does it take to clean your urine of marijuana ?
what is straphore?
What does the word " anecdotal " mean?
Why does the sun appear to look different at sunrise and sunset?
How much does George W. Bush weigh?
is foundation really that bad for a 15 year olds face?
what happens to life after death?
How do you say "finger puppets" in Spanish?
What cars have been produced that can float on water?
Who is the best of these 4 leaders and Why?
What will be next myth about cannabis?
What is the formula for finding wave speed?
What should i tip a taxi driver in NYC?
How oftern do Shimano upgrade the different group sets?
How much beer can I take in to Lords?
who sings      Kiss This?
What if you just had 3 days left?
is there a myspace tracker that actually works?
how many continent are there and what are they?
What American colleges offer a major in Arabic or Arabic linguistics?
MALDI and ESI?
I want a university that offer hypno birthing?
can a former president hold the vice president office?
Any opinions on Preschools in Dallas, PA?
Does accupuncture really work for weight loss?
could lance armstrong swim the english channel.?
Lottery Winners Lose??
Does your avatar really look like you?
Kettlebells - great workout or hype?
how many cd's did Kevin Federline sell?
Biography, Author, Norman Whitney?
Can you tell??
What is the best way to help aching feet?
into how many parts will five random planes divide space?
if u can translate this u will get 10 pts!?
When in comes to property taxes what is taxed ?
LPN to RN to Nurse practioner?
What's your favorite African animal?
im really gay?
is there any medicine/treatment available for prolong erection?
how far out of date are religious ideas and interpretations?
In your opinion is globalization inevitable?
need a creative name for a travel agency?
Do you think the Da Vinci code is blasphemous?
is it ok to buy vicodin on line?
Casino Royale?
Brett Favre?
why is there so many haters?
Who sucks more? K-Fed or Vanilla Ice?
It's practically possible to light a fart???
learning theories that support early literacy?
How can I lose 2-2.5 lbs a week?
Math help!!!!?
Describe features of LINUX.?
does anyone know what c u next sunday(means)?
what is a really good speech topic?
How can I chat With my family members?
management style theory and practice of matrix approach?
how do you keep fit?
i need new software projects for my company?
Is Red Bull good for you?
One nipple pierced?
is it just me or is it normal?
did the universe begin or has it always been here?
From paris to berlin?
social security check late?
Can we love to different person at the same time?
nutritional disorders in geriatrics?
What is more American : Merry Christmas or Happy Holidays??
Was i wrong in waiting for him?
What comes 1st the Chicken or the egg?
Is it true that Bush is a former Cocaine fiend?
can the government really do illegal actions?
How do I remotely access my computer? Please read details.?
who dies at the oc?
Why are valves present in veins but not in arteries?
Napoleon Dynamite?
Whats Something That Can be Used For more Than One thing?
Are you frustrated by Left vrs. Right?
bitcomet ,Areus , limewire which is better?
What is the proper way to do a push up?
What makes high school \ndifferent form college?
Does anybody accecpt me like volleyball?
Is Bush Deist?
why are there different levels of glory?
any best spy-ware  cleaner?
Why is Nancy Zimpher such a bitter hateful woman?
What is wrong with the younger generation today?
If God created us, who created God?
Where does bj surhoff [orioles] live?
why does your stomach rumble when you are hungry?
how many number of Vietnam POWs were released?
Know any interesting facts about Shakira?
what to do in this situation?
we res a good place to meet a lady on line?
What is hooves?
I need help?
when i crick my neck.....?
Indian Military>>>???
job listings for felons?
Do you still keep in touch with your ex? Why?
what does the word prophet mean?
Why is kneeboarding in the ocean not a popular sport?
Is LSAT required for admission to Law School in Canada?
what are the 8 characteristic of good business correspondence?
who could endure?
how share Internet for incoming connection on windows xp ?
how many hair pores is on an adult head?
What is that song?
why, where and when did China settled in America?
what is hypertension?
what should i do when my friend is two facesid?
What can you buy with 1 pound in England?
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?
what is the difference?
Who is The worst Celebrity ever to walk the planet?
Do you people that post rude answers think you are funny?
do you own a handgun or rifle?
why do people shoot off guns on new years eve?
what is basketballs final game called ?
how to pay sales tax for my small business?
ghost rider movie who wants to see it?
need local babysitter?
More Cardio = Better Results for Fat Loss?
system failed memory task?
ethical aspects in education?
which man do i choose?
where is the "doldrums"?
which will be a convenient and diplomatic dress for office going women?
Song Question: Heard it a couple of years back.?
Any formula1 fans out there?
y do i want what i cant have?
How is the great cricketer in indian team?
does anyone know of any latin rock music ?
who is the best goalie in the NHL?
who wants to email me twentie-four seven?
Dating Website Name Suggestion?
what are arrays for 3rd grade math?
What Green Tea/other kinds of tea do you suggest?
Do you believe in life on other planets?
Why is Mars red in color?
Who's the best rapper out right now?
Who is Irene Parlby?
What should i do about my girl's male friend?
Computer Standard Minimums TODAY?
VoIP solution with Cellphones (via GPRS)?
what do you think about UFOS's?
At what stage science reached in year 3000?
14feb-birthday comment?
uscensus says they are female young and wealthy?
What are the spreads for the final four games?
what happen to the love between a black man and black woman ?
What is some/a good chistmas poem/s?
Were the Pilgrims Religious Bigots?
How can I learn more about the Vietnamese economy?
How is earwax produced in the ear?
Statistics homework?  Not a problem.  More of a word question?
What do Clydesdales eat ?
who likes the show prison break?
what's the adventure?
how to find determent in mXn matrix?
Mean thing to do....?
Why do some people think that God is stupid?
How to become rich?
i want to open a new TV channel but where to start?
What are the causes of underdevelopment in Africa?
What does the Spanish word marramucia mean in English?
Can you choose who gets custody of your children in your will?
guys i really need help!?
do you know a lot about armies?
Why do you answer my questions?
making my own balloon weights 4 wedding what do i put inside?
Take an hour joy ride or stay at work?
Rihanna fans or producers?
Did Nsync ever have a cartoon show?
Do all americans have to support their leaders?
Whats so great about Céline Dion?
whats the best way to dump somebody?
What is the Holy Grail?
Can America be ruled by another power country?
What was George Bush's biggest mistake?
Mnemonics And Other Memory Tricks?
Law and Order: SVU fanatics help me out?
Why do some people kill?
Art or pornography?
Land Walton consulting firm and operational audit?
help;; please?
don't know song, please help!?
Why Sachin Tendulkar is very famous?
Who is your favorite athlete?
Where can I find info about Niagara Falls?
why is the sky blue?
who  was hagi?
gold or sliver?
What causes albumin in the urine and is it dangerous?
Anyone in Texas interested in joining the Navy?
Will the New York Rangers make the playoffs this year?
What's your favorite kind of burger?
help pls...?
how do guys like to have sex?
the muscle system?
How much do the official 2006 world cup footballs weigh?
X Files The Movie - Where do I place it between series?
The Invisible Apple?
How can i meet Daniel Craig?
What brand of massage oil do you find to be the best?
How can I go to sleep easily?
what are the benifits of fixed deposits?
what does committe mean referring to a closers job security?
what is the everage adult penis size?
Should Islam be outlawed?
Not chipping in for a gift - still sign their name?
What does LDT mean?
What is your best psychic experiece?
What are good choices for 1st home buyers?
How would you know if its the right person?
basic dna testing=?
triple double?
on myspace how do i get rid of my top 8?
What is the nearest star?
Who will win the World Cup?
Microsoft Office?
Who scored the goal in few minutes in FIFA World Cup 2006 ?
food intake of aged people?
Learning curve on snowboarding?
what is it men look for in women?
Can I take a shower in the thunderstorm?
How do you get a girl to break up with her boyfriend?
which seed is scattered by the wind?
What should I do?
What's it like?
Why does wikipedia kill answers fun?
Are these signs of interest?
best joke eva?
How did KU beat Florida?
The Web adress from?
What is a protected computer?
what do u mean by front end in vlsi?
Silk/Satin Fetishism?
What is Canada's  Mens National soccer team lacking ?
When is the best time to send out Christmas cards?
Can it be breast cancer?
Is drinking beverages in plastic containers a hazard to your health ?
What ever happened to the TV Show "Renegade"?
what can damage the enamel on teeth?
Do you like Guinness...?
What happened to the guys that won Tough Enough?
Does anyone speak spanish, who could help me on this?
Has anyone completed flight attendant training?
What should i do abour him?
What is that ringing you sometimes hear in your ears?
What is the life expectancy of a CD-ROM?
then help me out?
Who is better 50 cent or The Game?
Fire ant attack..?
What is the best bass for me to use?
Which of the folllowing is true about crimes?
Why does everyone have a problem with Gay Marriage?
How does mitosis affect us?
what is electro negativity?
name of doctor who can treat "lupus"?
Most Wild Fantasy?
why do people hate  america ?
what will be my future in education?
Where online would I sell chickens & what type sell best?
what does an IQ of 111 mean?
share address book with internet explorer?
How Do you find a grade point average?
Experienced men only please. serious answers only?
A Good school for Natural or Holistic medicine?
will australia get through to the 2nd round?
How to have a good sexlife?
What are  some good facts about saltio mexico?
Any KoRn Fans out there?
What backs the money supply in the United?
is marriage through internet recommended?
Do you believe racism is still a prominent problem in America?
can someone give me an idea on a topic of public policy?
what is a good bk3 credit score?
Why Do Republicans hate Trees?
what is the easy definition of a mathematical function?
math help please, subtracting mixed fractions.?
why do people seem more open on chat lines...?
Everything consists of an element?
why must student break the school rules?
What do you want to be reincarnated as?
What is the general level of education gained in California?
Are God and Jesus Terrorists?
where should i spend new years eve?  Paris or London?
What political party paralles the different races in Star Trek?
Who here thinks that 10 years is an amazingly awesome band?
what should I?
How do i make a million dollars?
Looking for concise explanation of tricycle physics puzzler?
dr.doom vs magneto who will win?
percussion instruments divide into two groups. what are they?
What should I do?
how can i get a better time on my mile?
What are the main languages spoken in the world?
Where can I get an authentic Republican Guard army coat?
What are call centres?
facts on oobleck?
who is better male or female?
How many of you guys out there trim your eyebrows ?
Have you ever heard that sunscreen causes skin cancer?
what do you think of bodybuilding?
A problem         ?
Who likes gay people?
What are " boom and bust" cycles?
Who is my Avatar twin?
how 2 e-transfer a software?
mariah carey or  freddie mercury?
Why do my legs cramp up when I walk?
Government question?
What does "in a New York minute" mean?
Pulled groin?
what on earth should i put on my husbands welcome home banner?
WHO could help an illegal single mom?
what is love.why we are do it...?
Professional doctors please look at my question...?
Control myself?
where can i get reviews of mood therapists on long island?
Someone please tell me what this actually  means.?
ppo vs hmo ?
Were is England located at?
Where to find undertaker videos? "Wrestling"?
how can we know women get errection?
What would cause this.....?
how does Pinoy bands started?
hard core xxx?
goal celebration by players which one really stands out for u?
As human being what can you contribute to our mother nature?
Which celebrity pair do you think has the most chemistry on screen?
Can you make these in an essay??
what is vagina ? what is the use of this?
why do girls cry during sex????
Why didn't the beatles sing with accents?
Why do some people choose not to flush their floaters?
Can you still have symptoms after gall bladder removal?
how do i exit full screen mode in windows vnc?
how safe is the infrared sauna?
how to setup " motorola phone tools" this software?
is transportation considered an indirect or direct cost in a construction project?
Are there any new strains for Shingles?
i got a joke?
Trust Modification/Early Termination Question - Montana?
What is the trend in the milk industry?
what is database?
What do you think about female racecar drivers?
When  a man goes out from jail ...?
impossible inventions?
How many milliliters are in a gallon?
What would you like me to do?
What do I do now?
wwww.mail.hutchcity.com?
How about Texas A&M's Marketing Program?
Can you lose your driver's license for "life"?
Can you help me what are the best universities in the world?
whats your favorite latin song?
Do turkeys look forward to Christmas?
Lap dances....?
what does ttyl mean?
i feel really stupid...log help?
address of s.m.k aminuddin baki?
Is this a bad reason to get married?
Any geminis? wat it do?
i want to join the chart line of hi5?
need help about perfect keylooger..?
Teleporting?
can you get addicted to second hand smoke?
Does sunscreen expire?
You have 30 seconds to type in the alphabet backwards.?
What was the first currency ever used?
32 bit operating system?
Does anyone know what the migrane cocktail is?
What are pros and cons of Fish Oil pills?
DSL vs. ISDN?
One cop went to the station with a penguin.?
why i feel unloved_?
Illinois On my taxes can I deduct stolen motorcycle?
what's a hat trick in soccer?
what is the starting annual income of a preschool teacher?
Why won't my computer turn off?Help!?
would you ever sleep with me?
Who was the first woman on the supreme court?
Love is it there?
Loving a girl or just like her?
What choice is corect?
Who won the 1984 All Ireland Gaelic Football Final In Ireland?
Wives...do you like shopping with your husband?
what do you think about living with a significant other before marriage?
parental roles and government censorship?
is andy griffinth a republican??
In wich country is Marijuana legal?
what is the meaning of  FA CUP?
Why would sneezing cause extremity pain?
How Can I Find Adventure?
who here has aracnaphobia?
Which would you prefer? Money or Power?
Solaris 10 Instalation on x86 PC?
Why do guys like to have sex in the morning?
What Is The Best Sport?
What is a complex number base fractal?
where do the cameron county sex offenders live?
what is the song "dr. robert" about?
How many laces on a football?
dallas cowboys?
Who keeps reporting me!?
Gay marriage is this really a problem?
Did anyone think Addison may be pregnant on Grey's Anatomy?
Articles and pictures on plastic menace?
do jaguars hibernate?
why girls don't have interest forward to males?
to the brides to be?
why does a lunar eclipse occur only during a full moon?
websites providing information on why marijuana should be legalized?
Florida Law?
I have a question help?
What is a "Kart" Interview?
More math help?
Problems with new boyfriend...can you help me?
What is ur favorite song? Why?
An essay about Zinc + acid?
When will humans move to another planet?
does anyone know how to get a free online diagnosis?
can herpes be misdiagnosed?
Has anyone seen Advent Children?
what I need to sponsor a fiancee?
how do I read the contents of a memory stick?
where can I get an online accredited teaching certificate?
Im not too skinny?
England -v- Sweden  (2-2)?
what are the Latest compression technologies?
Why "Break a leg"  means good luck?
what do u guys think about animal rights and why?
Pleural layer lining the walls of the thorax?
how far is it to the moon?
why the politisons look like fool ?
What is Earth's Energy Budget?
What is a Dirty Sanchez?
ummmmmmmmmmmm?
what is the process to solution anneal 300 stainless steel?
How long is a fallopien tube?
Catholics...how do you feel about this?
how old is ne-yo?
should I drink pedialyte after working out?
In your opinion......?
what is shisha and what do you benefit from it?
is 'meanstwhile' a real word?
when did you know your wife/husband was the one?
What does the scientific measurement W mean?
Why Buy One to get One free?
Faith Hill was she a sore loser last nite?
home owners dues?
i need an example of a day-care proposal?
How do I find traffic cameras for particular residential intersections?
where does bill gates live?
How do you detox your body?
Who else has developed a tremendous hatred for their spouse?
what does the word "W00t" mean online?
What's your favorite movie quote?
Mercedes 300 CE 1990 time 0 - 100 Km/h?
Help! Need short translation into certain language for two words?
Teddy Roosevelt or Franklin D. Roosevelt?
Geological map of midwest pre-civil war?
how can i cancel mai ym accnt?
What is the best water absorbing material?
How can I still love him?
what is a good site for stem cell research?
who else hates gangstas?
lung polyps?
What do you think of Shaun White these days?
Ok I need a motive.?
Fax over the internet?
i would like to pay on my account.?
what is dirty dozen in housekeeping terminology?
how do i know who i can talk to about personal things?
which musical soundtrack should i ask for?
How do you pull up old computer history?
what is the best way to get rid of blackheads?
Im scared of getting sick from bacterias while cooking ?
whats interpol?
Playing his games?
how to programme peer to peer?
what is an explosive eruption?
If you could only read 5 books, what would they be?
can i have a legal opinion over a private issue?
how many gigabytes per minute at dv resolution?
Why can't people think for themself?
why are so many kids doing drugs and alcohol these days?
Why cant sharks swim backwards?
where do you live ---?
is any one there a nice... cute guy?
A Protest?!?
Is it OK to give gift vouchers as a gift?
I'm pisces, try and describe me.?
Where can i find Giant XTC team decals??
i keep getting advertising emails. how do i stop this?
Can you do anything about unfair commissioners?
Graduation songs? I need at least five!?
what is an enzyme?
What is the capital of Nigeria?
when do you eat black-eyed peas at new years?
wht is fourteenth letter?
role of women in india freedom struggle?
What makes your heart go a flutter ?
Where can I buy mexico vs korea tickets?
how does a vaccination work?
Brazil France England Argentina Semi final and in what order?
Why is the Flag of the USA never dipped at ceremonies.?
How do you address a letter with an apartment number?
how do i lose a small beer belly?
Any ideas why I have lost sound on my computer?
Aries and Virgos?
Does this ever happen to you?  Faint?
Printer Driver LaserJet6L for XP?
what is power play in cricket?
Who is the worse  Superhero.?
What organization has a lighted candle as a logo?
need a cow hide distruibotor?
Is there life after death?
anyone know why my foot tingles like its asleep?
Overwhelming evidence that god does not exist.?
what do Tina and Nika mean?
I am feeling upset today..?
do you think the braves really earned 14 straight titles?
Italian Humanism?
Can anybody help me find a very cheap used laptop?
What should I get my parents for their 35th anniversary?
Why old folks in old folks home are mostly Chinese?
I need help selling my DVD Online?
I have no patience - how can I be calmer?
Helping me move on?
Does anyone know where i can download JAP security software?
what is wikipedia?
Need help with a Calculus Word Problem?
What do you think of the Chocolate War?
how do I get rid of hiccups?
how many countrys are their in the world?
How do I get exemption in Income Tax?
motherboard?
whats going on ?
What are the reasons why there should be a helmet law?
Need Legal Work Labor Advise!!!?
How is homosexuality a sin?
What are some good reasons to have children?
which batsman has been cheated by the umpires the most?
are there any math  tutor's online?
what do u do on a first date?
manchester hospital for eye cancer treatment?
why do tapeworm not need a digestive sytem?
What would make me happier?
wat is the best torrents site!!?
why the following symptoms r seen in diabetes?
End game in Iraq ...?
How is someone born with one kidney?
does god exist?
Is China A Nation-State?
Is IGORANCE bliss?
I need help with punnett square equations!?!?
can somebody give reasons to trust american girls?
What is your Zip Code?
what is the best chat up line to use in a pub?
Can myspace give your computer a virus?
Why is Bush an idiot?
what is the score of the match?
when is next cricket world cup?
The menstrual cycle of a whale...?
who said "money doesn't grow on trees?"?
whats one plus one?
how do you hang 10 on a longboard?
Why are you answering this question?
Discuss Fraud prevention in Accounts Department?
Does anybody play americas army?
Hoe do I start a business with no capital?
Why do young girls in there late teens date older guys?
how do you solve multi-step equations?
Why are pink salmon pink?
thier is this guy???
can mdb file be converted to an EXE?
what are some good license plate words...?
what do you think?
why do leaves turn red?
Why is the w3 site...?
how do you make a canker sore go away?
Is there a natural contraceptive for women ?
guess??you'll never get it!!?
Why is this person going postal on the politics board?
when will i become a millionaire?
largest or smallest?
So its been 3 months...?
What's this word?
Wanna answer a riddle?
nfl question who do u think will win?
how to control my quick temper?
Did the US lan don the moon?
What the hell happened to today's game with Italy?
Do you love Your man or woman?
Stellar Spectral Classifications?
How do I sign up for Gmail?
is a Mormon on acid an LDS on LSD?
What evil does society allow now that it used to frown on?
What should I do today? If I have to stay inside?
how can i start an adult video rental store?
Who has the ugliest jersey at the world cup?
How do i now remove cookies from my computer?
whats ur zodic sign?
do u have sensitive nipples?
what is a good website for weather?
doodo kin mafia?
has anyone played habbo hotel ?
what they means health?
heartbroken and confused?
what are the best small bussiness at home?
Does anyone think this is better than chat?
how do i feel better???
MS Excel history?
What three provinces produce most of Canada's wheat?
Why radius of Iron atom smaller than Magnesium atom?
Does it cost anything to sell an item on ebay?
What  is the perfect gift to give your dog on its birthday?
set up a shared folder?
What one or more questions would you ask a Lesbian?
Time 10.10 on any watch ad.?
where is brasher park in pasco county?
i mean my my pc?
Whats with homophobia?
Which is good and considerably economic graphic card available ?
Helium Truck?
Do the French have worse domestic problems than the United States?
Question about Mystery Shopping?
who are the highest paid employees in IT industry.?
do you think im slow??
why we fight each other?
Do my ex boyfriend shon still love me?
how do you fix background on myspace?
Do you sing songs to your lover?
Miranda rights in Fla.- legal question.?
Differential equation question?
what is the name of the cute new female ice skater?
can the hulk beat darkseid?
what is sleep paralyses caused by? is it dangerous?
how do you post adjustments in the accounting cycle?
What should be in a Financial Projection Worksheet?
how can i lose weight quickly but safley?
Is he playing it cool or not that interested?
Is this sentence grammatically correct?
Which team is better?
is helping another person commit suicide illegal?
anyone know any good techno songs?
Notes on the "Whoosh" bottle experiment w/ ethanol?
what do Boers do?
What is the best way to handle an aggressive pan handler?
what is the best site to lern programing?
who is the best basketball player of all time?
are you believe to exist of god ?
Does anyone think their butt stinks alot?
funding for home health care in ohio?
my mouse hangs frequently in win xp ?
Is Snape from Harry Potter hot?
Need legal advice, family law + custody...?
why cant all humans be double jointed?
what are the layers of saturn?
Harry Potter?
publishing a novel?
What is faster, light or gravity?
would a higher power forgive me?
looking for tips on how to wash my back with soap?
When did Titanic set off in?
Do you think that sexual experimentation should be permitted by society?
is this how you spell room rators?
How do u serve in badminton and tennis?
guys i need your info on something please help?
when testing urine can you tell between male and female urine?
Whiny Liberals offended?
why does history have to be a required class?
At what age should I 1st have sex?
who smokes?
Do you know of any rare coins?
Stephen King fans. Explain?
another question about God?
Ladies help!?
When is Pharrell Williams Album Getting Released?
Chapter 13 help AP us history?
information on illinois real estate financing?
What causes a rison to develop on your body??
I need more informations about artificial intelligence?
How can I save my internet favorites to disk?
Do you have to be fat to get a boyfriend?
when exactly does a mans penice get bigger?
what do you do when you get nervous?
Purell=bad?
how do I add someone to my watch list?
What are the best English language schools for Koreans in the Philippines?
What is a rugosid?
what is the importance of safety engineering in human life?
any white hot guys from durban?
migraine or something more serious?
Do you have an alternate ID?
Do you think Getmans will win World cup?
How about AdSense?
My back is against the wall.  Help me please!!?
what is the best medicine for hapatitis c?
how does aids spread?
When will Yahoo! Mail Beta be available to all users?
what is hawaiis chamber of commerces address?
Joseph Campbell  how many of you know about him?
What causes cross eyes?
Mature love........?
what is the best way to treat hay fever?
Are you gay???
what is a blue sky salesman?
What websites do you go to when you are bored?
what is bluetooth technology?what are its real time applications?
What's the best way to break up with someone?
Did anyone else take AP tests these past two weeks?
Did anyone answer the "oprah" question?
What legal cases have AFTR cites?
How is that huge radio telescope aimed?
What do U think about Reggaeton ????
How does the commissioner of the NBA, get that position?
Are the mexicans coming across modern day slaves?
why HP do not refill their own cartridges?
Is it okay to have sex when your 13 years old?
do u have a little sister and brother?
I need some tips on making a gang, can people help?
what was the sadest movie you ever saw?
where can i get backstage passes for wwe?
i want to learn to play lacrosse?
What  is your favorite music artist?
Why can't the government issue enough money for all?
What are some fun websites for kids?
am i a great baseball player?
What is your favorite color and why?
sticks???????????
Are 49ers gonna make the playoffs?
what is this yahoo answers?
why do people do the stupidest things?
How can u know if a guy likes u?
What is Delta S for the vaporization of hydrogen peroxide?
How do i find love at 36?
What exactly is a chud?
I dont find a default web site in IIS?
rani or kajol?
best site to download flash and photoshop website templates free?
eviction laws Pa?
why do we have to study asia or the world?
How can I make money from internet?
distiguish between positive and negative gene control?
who is the third president of india?
Do you think a lot of businesses voted against minimum wage?
what is the scope of freshers in todays scenarios?
is dhoni playing well?
Is there anybody living the Ole Fashion Way of Life?
is there only 5,000 tigers left in the world?
who is/was the first person to swim around the world?
can i get details about the solar pannel?
What path are you taking to reach God?
what do i need to do to improve my jumping ability?
do u think that Germany will win the World Cup?
Can someone be afraid to be alone?
how many inches of rain does oregon get?
what does a reaction to poison oak look like?
When will mankind first step foot on Mars?
who is mike jones?
What is your favourite website?
how many people accually crossed the red sea?
has there ever been any homosexual presidents?
Italian song name/lyrics (need help)?
question for wrestling people?
atheist wars and Christianity wars?
Did anyone see the 100th episode of Smallville?
what happened to the growth of socialism during the industrial revolution?
Have I developed a superpower?
Do guys...?
Who are the Koochiching County Commissioners?
who is john abraham?
Find out about the launching of satellites by India?
help me study computer through online without any charge?
Chris Brown or Bow Wow (come on ladies)?
can diabetes be transmitted to others?
can you build lean mass when on a low carb diet?
How can we finally remove racist thinking from US society?
Why should inmates have the "luxury" of the internet?
Business Law Questions?
What do youthink about formula one racing?
General Intellectual Ability Test Results Percentile Ranking?
Is it really bad to hold your pee in?
where can i get armenian font?
favorite insult?
When is your Birth date?
How does one know when love starts closing the doors of destiny?
why am i retarded?
Manny Pacquiao vs. Willie Pep who wins?
how do i find a flash document? 4 my animation?
miami dolphins suck?
trust aboute enlargement?
How long America will exist?
metric time ?
my day in court?
how many calories does one thin pancake have?
constelation?
Nature's Erratic Behaviour?
What would be good songs to give a lap dance to?
Do you think taking pain meds is bad???
Should I stop fooling around with her....?
Has Bush combined religion too much with government policies?
Who loves to date married man?
what are the major ions found in seawater.?
amd good for gaming?
what is the opposite of water?
Did you ever stop to think?
Calc help - shortest length along spool that is covered?
What is the most popular sport in USA based on statistics?
How do I get out of the Military fast?
How do you NAME chemical compounds?
Weird Facts?
Does anyone know how to cheat on Nitto 1320?
What would be a good project for a high school broadcast class?
why did the chiken cross the road?
where can i get a map with where koalas live?
Who is the best player in Major League Baseball??
Is Oaklawns $5 million bonus an annual thing?
how do i check someones background?
JAZZ heads: What is a good research topic?
Can you help me find guitar chords for Jimmy Reed?
Why do east asians usually look younger than their age?
Could someone please tell me if i am right or wrong?
Whats u r best dream?
Does learning how to play the gutair hurt your fingers badly?
Is non stick coating in cookware dangerous?
how fast can a dragonboat go?
How many seasons did Star Trek the Original Series Run?
Whats Some good software 4 a pc webcam?
What's annoyed you recently?
Top five seductive songs?
what websites can I go to find free downloadable music?
how i can see my message archive?
how much does satellite radio cost per month?
Who has heard of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta?
What is the best meat for your figure?
How do children acquire the Herpes 1 virus?
Has anyone used the Dell De-Crapifier?
Dell Or Tosibia Or Other for a laptop?
oh my goodness i need help right now!?
what is microsoft access?
Who comes 1st?? Friends or Boyfriends??
why do you watch the weather channel>?
How can I meet Jose Mourinho?
English question?
Has the internet made you a better person?
Cum first time?
is david villa married??
Child-Langmuir law?
do you know curriculum in schools of qatar?
Why did everyone get amnesia in Big O the anime?
what company custom made boxing shoes in the early seventies.?
What does the law say about having video cameras on private property?
Why are all the leaders of the world  short arses?
is there a statute of limitations on foodstampfraud?
Should I Trade?
How OLD are you people?
what kind of chemical fluid can melted the iron without fire?
Discipline for a 12 year old boy?
If Bush was an animal,what would he be?
What is the lyrics to Ciara'a song promise?
help me please!?
How do you sleep with your eyes opened?
is swimming around considered good exercise?
What is wrong with me??
The characters from boston legal?
how to set lightning on 3d max?
why do footballers bring children alongwith them before kickoff?
how do you make sex better for your boyfriend?
Are there many differences between you and you're siblings?
Is there a  university in Nigeria called Egan University?
biggest risk in international investment.?
what does "flipflop" mean?
What do you do when your bored?
Sears stores near richmond hill, ontario?
How do you deal (emotionally) with failing students?
whats the best way to lose weight?
whats a tonsil?
how many peppers did peter piper pick?
how many years does haleys comet come around?
The Texas Longhorns......?
pregnancy test?
please tell me someone abt basic computer architecture...?
Why do we have to learn Math, it sucks?
Two guys ?
What is the best online encylopedia?
Who is the Angel of Music ?
Are Katherine Hepburn and Audrey Hepburn related?
do you think that seanpaul is a good artist?
where did he go?
What's with the ACLU?
Using implicit differentiation to find horizontal tangent?
how do i get a disc to download explorer internet 7?
what are the rules of mixed wrestling?
NCLB as a smokescreen for politicians cutting budgets?
what is morphine,the illegal drug?
how has graded trading cards?
What male tennis player won US Open in 1999?
how does a lake effect air temperature?
what is dating ?what is the propose of it!?
felony college?
math questions?
Back? what should i do about it?
Terrorism!!!?
any teenagers have stories or techniques about playing with themselves?
What is the most horrible thing you ever did to your spouse?
Do people in California really say the word "narley"?
Revenge Is Sweet?
How do guys feel about girls with tattoos?
that 70's show ?
Best cardio ways to exercise?
Any single ladies looking for a start to a serious relationship?
paintball guns?
prime minister of nepal?
Robert Altman hails from what town?
what injury can you get when playing badminton?
who do you like better?
how do you share connection with a modem cable?
WLAN Help me!!!!?
What is the best skill to have on the job?
is it kittycorner or cadycorner?
any ideas for  easing tinnitus?
I have MS and am tired all the time, any suggestions?
Calcuating Gibbs Energy...?
which is the best free antivirus?
World Leaders that Were Assassinated?
how do u make crytals?
What are the top school districts in the nation?
HELP. Need a loan, not brokers!?
What is the purpose of the black hole in space?
Which language do you think is the sexiest??
What part of the media has done the most?
when does December boys come out?
does bleach kill hepatitis c virus?
what i s deference between linear equation and non linear?
What do you think about...?
What is a terrorist?
Computer files?
Is it wrong for a boy to like the color pink?
I have a legal question, please help me.?
what is Young's Modulus of water???
what makes your best friend your best friend?
How can I help a moron to learn ?
has sven lost the plot?
Describe your most memorable Pink Floyd experience.?
Any Oilers fans????
How did colours come about?
Need to know acme threaded size?
methods for treating obesity?
Can antibiotics cause low white blood cells?
Can cones be used to increase wind force against wind mill blades?
how to cope with lack of sleep.?
what does "in lieu of" mean?
How does natural selection affect the population over time ?
do u know the next number in this sequence?
How long does it take to regrow a toe nail?
Song Help (Rap)?
how can i get faster at my fly?
Which functions bet for night reception rods or cones?
Do you want to be Superman?
Where is the best place in US to invest in motel?
is man masturbate more easily or women? and why?
uranium poem?
Which shows the correct ordering of atoms in terms of increasing size?
Does anyone know the best way to get autographs?
where do I find examples of job offering letters?
What is the meaning of 'Bohemian'?
Is honesty always the best policy?
what are the lines after xii class in science side?
I am askin have you seen ROOTS?
Should vegetarians eat animal crackers?
can you help me with a math problem?
HELPpleaz!!!!!!!?
Hinduism and the beliefs?
Do the Iraqi Kurds still like the US?
When and where was Sir Francis Bacon Buried?
what will the world be like in 2006?
how toys story movies build?
what is the average iq in africa?
Does anyone get cured from Anxiety?
Did anyone ever listen to the spice girls!!!?
How do contact lenses correct eyesight?
whic one comes first? Egg or Chicken?
What genes are used to determine eye color?
what is the relation between electric energy and magnetic energy?
When did the "Lights go out in Georgia"?
what happened to legend city that was in Phoenix 30 years ago?
Look at this joke?
I have a wart on my finger, Help?
How do we open a bookstore in Austin?
how do i get rid of a strep throat?
How long can a man have continuous erection ?
Has anybody actually tried to paint the town red?
Halloween or Christmas???
what should i do to know someone better?
I want answers from guys only!?
leaving god aside, does day follow night or night follows day?
will we smash the granny out of the Portuguese?
Where can i apply for a hardship loan?
who is guru?
what is nadep and vermi compost?
what does it mean to have a stretched mind?
What is a complementry angle?
what can you say about outsourcing?
how to buy oil futures, broker or what?
Respiratory Deceases,?
Why am i so attracted to married men?
what is the exactly shape of the cruze??
can a divorced catholic receive communion?
How do you think dance-sport?
which country's capital is baku?
they say Arabian girls are the most beautiful women in the world?
is bush originally from mexico?
Where can I create my avatar without creating a profile?
How hard is it to make solar cell from scratch?
tell me something really sexy, and i will choose a winner?
What is treeless continent in the world?
is CHESTY PULLER the greatest marine ever?
Anyone heard of a bloke called?
Why do many people refuse to take complete responsibility for their lives?
do you like death/thrash/speed metal?
Why doctors should use life-support machines?
Are there any Bible verses relating to Graduation?
Why do we have wars after we created UN?
Negative radius...is it possible?
how can I get refugee in USA?
i wanna smoke pot, how do i find a dealer?
Where's the best place for a hangover?
When does growth spurt begin and end in males?
What is more important?
What is everything you know about a strand of DNA?
Have we become too accepting of collateral damage?
400m=how many feet or miles or whatever?
What's the best way to ship a laptop?
Can you give me links to cheap apartments in Charlottesville VA?
do women still appreciate courtship these days?
unique product benefits?
do u love Jesus?have u ever go to the church?
Is internet poker illegal under federal law?
Where do you send resume for Nissan Headquarters in Tn.?
Have you had lasik?
what vegetables have protein?
Arkansas Razorbacks.. Bowl Bound in 06'?
Who is your favorite breakfast club character?
how would the girl players do against the boys?
i need my 2004 w2 can u help me?
How do you kown if you have salt in water?
Sure fire treatment for head lice?
How can I find a horseback riding lessions camp ???
how can you forget someone who left you?
what is you favorite thing to lick??
I don't know what I want for Chanukah?
why Spanish people speak in a loud voice?
car's basic structure?
how do you know when a person is bipolar?
need help with window xp start menu?
is rev the web a spyware?
Why Do Fools Fall In Love ?
What are government numbers?
do you have a blog???
where can i find court hearing results?
Why is there so much conflict between Catholic and Christians?
What do you think of this story?
can you learn me about love please?
getting married?
Can You Copyright Data?
Am I taking the GRE's too late?
will alcohol interfere while taking lamisil?
Is there any proof of real telekinesis?
Will England win the world cup and if so why?
A computer Question.....?
Where else besides Denver, Colorado is marijuana legalized?
what product can make ppl slim faster?
anyone know any good jokes.???
After a vasectomy where does the sperm go?
how to become financial independent?
how soon do you stop thinking after you pass away?
How do you like your eggs?
what is the best way to solve an error 1324 problem?
Potential energy part 2.?
who likes sports trading cards?
how do you know ciara and bow wow broke up?
Any tutors out there?
y probability is used in mathematical modelling of noise r random process?
girls only!!!?
why  i fill that my love is not loving me?
does your fart stink?
How is soap made and what is it made of?
what is acites precox?
what do you know about gama tests in Iran?
Does ur heart break when ...?
How much do you think I should get paid?
Anyone under the influence of a possibly illegal substance of some sort?
how to get rid of fungus feet?
What does a muskrat eat?
what does slow belly mean?
Why would you want more than 1 boyfriend?
What is the meaning of Dainossors?
what is weight of fat versus muscle?
what's a carry value?
Do all good people go to heaven?
what do you think of jehovah witnesses work?
whats fun to do in california?
can you take Famotidine with?
What is your definition for Communication/Communicator?
Are there any live volcanoes worldwide?
What can I do about my poor self esteem?
why do't i get  any girl friend of my kind ?
What u all thinks about the nuclear agreement between India & USA?
what will help me understand ex post facto design better?
Meaning of cost of transportation in Logistics management?
why do christians demand respect but give none in return?
Y do people think islam is a bad thing???
can someone explain specifically  to me how to use a money order?
Does anyone have some funny jokes that can make girls laugh?
Where do cops get people to fill a police lineup?
I need to make up a greek god?
Christmas Tree Lights?
Is this the year that the Phoenix Suns finally win it all?
Should I give my house to my ex-wife?
Exactly how offensive is the "C" word to you?
Why cold water makes us want to pee?
what's the India/England cricket score?
what is the meaning of foundries?
How do you smell?
what is another name for a divergent boundary?
What's wrong with PGMA?
does the west hate islam ?
i am sure that Czech Republic Get to the final?
who knows the end of the book Lion Witch and the wardrobe?
who do think will score first at Arsenal 2morrow?
The history of computers?
is the upc insane?
Will Daniel Radcliffe come to Greece?
Why do people hold grudges for so long?
i'm so confused so1 help me?
answers to the driver license test in louisiana?
how do you solve  7x- 3x= -2?
Men - why...?
Most scientists believe that life on Earth?
Radio waves - How do they work?
What are some home remedies for ringworm?
Aren't Europeans the least religious of all people?
Who was the MVP of the 1991 MLB All Star Game?
Where can I find out if Someone has a warrant in Arizona?
i need to no how to get my native statues?
How many of you guys have a MYSPACE?
Is Elijah Wood gay? How shall i make my move?
itz cuz hes white n nerdy?
I had a miscarriage?
who is the true leader at present time?
Are tattoos now passé?
how can I add more memory to my dell computer?
how do scientists take photos of galaxy?
What do you think about the end of days?
Where are well known deltas?
carls jr.?
what is the most reliable metal detector for treasure hunting.?
8 1/5=n4 1/3?
What do they give you after wisdom teeth extraction?
when is mother's day?
interpret ratios and porportion?
Ponstan capsules?
how do i delete searh bar history?
How do you know for sure a guy is interested in you?
boeingairforcebasemaps?
what race is Rob Blogovich?
Is the Bigfoot film shot by Roger Patterson a hoax?
can anyone think of the funniest jokes of the century?
The Yankees are the most over-rated team in baseball!?
whats wrong with me?
will the chicago cubs go to the world series?
What do you think of Kobe Bryant?
what address to community care grant?
Every1 answer this! omg!?
which cell phone family plan is tha cheepest??
I need a frequency list of phonemes in English.?
The Best Song Ever Is....?
What is Cow Power?
Master Cup?
whats the easiest way?
why did pimp my ride go to another garage?
Has anyone heard Connie Bailey Rae sing? Who is she?
who is in the write and who is in the wrong?
What are the three types of golf etiquette?
qui fut le premier president de la fifa?
tips on ncaa06 ps2?
What do Mormons really believe?
why is it????
What would you do if  I fire you I your boss?
how to ignore people?
My sonsfather wants me to marry him?
Difference?
can someone other than a broker get commission in georgia?
HP Laptops?
How do I meet Heath Ledger in real life?
Does anyone know which vitamin we can get from sunlight?
dreams,do they have a meaning?
Where can I watch live stream basketball without having to pay?
Can someone tell me how to have a firm memory?
how fast is cox supposed to go?
Who was the best entrepreneur in this world in your view?
how come u people r so lame answering peoples question?
so there's this guy?
which medieval scientists attempted to change worthless metals into gold?
Does anyone recongise this moive?
how many university graduates in china for 2005? and 2006?
What is your favorite kind of weather... and why?
was blood pressure normal for 15 years old kid?
What is a quango in UK political structure?
What are the three best things which ever happened to you?
Why are there so many people cheering for england?
can i make domain registeration from my computer?
cut part of a picture without background?
how are metal carbonates formed?
Google Earth or Microsoft Live Earth 3D ???
Do I have to pay for love to get love?
why are Americans upset with the national anthem being sung in Spanish?
merhabaaaaaa?
At what time do you usually eat your Thanksgiving lunch/dinner?
What is the most inspirational quote to YOU?
What is the worst advert on telly?
Very serious christians only. Important question.?
How much money is actually real?
Will surgery help?
Does your employer have a shut down over Christmas?
Is the stock market really worth it?
Is sex too soon if it is on the 5th date?
is goggle a good company?
how to be very slim n cute?
Mutual funds and Stocks?
Conside the following code in Java?
Who is going to be the next to join DX?
Do you think Larry David is Funny at all?
What is public fianacial management?
How do you createa link?
why do  we like america?
ummmmmm how ?
how long does it take to get weed out of your system?
How big do you think a magnet would have to be?
What is the best slow country love song?
whats the best way to treat an ant bite?
Is HPV curable?
what do they put in ciggarets?
Information Technology in Hospitality and Tourism?
Why do criminals have the same rights as honest citizens?
asking for the sv credit card visa?
What should I do when I have spare time?
What are some ways you study b4 a major test?
Best Cal State for Nutrition Major?
what are the latest developments for treating eye disease?
who want to be my girlefriend?
Do you believ in Jesus?
Wanting What I Can't Have?
i tested positive for clamydia?
What is the prize money for fifa foot ball cup?
Term Life Insurance: Does it cover homicide?
escape the rat race?
Good Sites On Seto Asaka?
What is the best site for horoscopes?
what is the crown moon?
how do u say love & trust in latin?
is he really worth it?
What is the impact of Public relations and journalism?
what is the best horse racing system to win?
Where can I find valid information about Wiccan religion?
Where are bighorn sheep found?
argentina's rivers and lakes include what?
What could cause blurred vision in 1 eye?
Does anyone know what Britney Spears named her new baby?
Do You Believe In Ghosts With Clothes?
what city and country are u from?
medical exams for  foreign students to work in united kingdom?
if i dance to hips dont lie twice a day??
im afraid to talk too much.?
What ethnicity is Samuel Bodman?
what web has info about law of electrical energy?
Lehigh Valley College, formerly know as Allentown Business School?
rock country or hip hop/r&b/rap?
Who plays lacrosse?
last virus?
Internet Explorer update problem?
Question for the Guys?
what time during the night is aquarius best seen?
customer service address for bottomline?
English Paper 1 Help ... =(?
how do you cure a bladder infection without antibiotics?
Are New Yorkers really that bad?
What is your Dad's legacy for you?
how do i shrink the website view?
Resources or Books on Starting a Monthly Subscription Based Website?
will virus protection stop p2p?
What is the best website to find housing in Greenville, SC?
What is the periodic symbol for iron?
would you vote for the democrats?
Tooth pain?
a question for everyone?
is there any way to cheat on spider solitaire?
how to promote my own web site very fast?
History of the Wake County Sheriff Office?
what is 2+2?
wat do u think about  the war in iraq?
How do you define common sense for yourself?
Birthday present?
how to chang a pc main board?
Why don't airplanes have video cameras installed?
easy chance to get those 10 points?
How can I find the adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
Who is better? Kobe or Shaq?
Middle School?
is there any effective treatment available to cure Parkinson disease.?
how do you know your partner really loves you?
how to get the polyatomic compound?
science/math homework help?
what is the meaning of love?
By rules i mean no referee involved?
how to study abroad out of Singapore with minimum costing?
how can I find if an attorney name exist or no?
How many miles to a Kilometers ?
where do I find name of flowers?
Bisexual people, come!?
Girls names for matserbation...?
ten best indian films of all time are?
how does sponsorship by a sports manufaturer work?
what is the direction of rotation of neptune?
In what year did Germany first won the World Cup?
what are the principles of over dentures?
Math help... SLOPE problem...?
How do you do certain spanish characters with alt?
Who would you do Brad Pitt OrTom Crusie?
What is laser?
How long do I have to cancel a contract in Texas?
How do I join two text files using the command prompt?
How do I make sure?
do really have an alien?
can you help carolina??????
does anyone know of a home remedy to cure eczema?
is 991 a prime number?
fantasy bball?
house or greys and why?
What can you not eat after gall bladder removal?
What Is a good place to bike Fast in Chicago?
whats job be considered a profession?
How trust worthy  Do you my assume about the government?
Who has the best rotation?
What are you doing for Father's Day today?
i want to see my credit report financil report?
Who are the Order of the Golden Circle?
what is prayer?
why is bowling not listed under sportrs catagory?
How should the music industry change?
What makes your appreciate your everyday life?
Can't change home page back after virus was removed?
what is likert approach?
Has anybody ever read Blubber?
how much is my mossberg 600at worth?
If 2 Retards wanna have sex is that wrong?
I've often pondered?
do you have regrets?
who is your favorite dragonball Z character?
Does popular mechanics Have any stock?
question for military ppl?
is reading better than watching the TV?
what does tertiary mean please?
Benny Hinn: Gods chosen One or bogus clown?
Can cellphone cause cancer?
Do you believe that Jesus was the Son of God?
How does an electric motor work?
i need help with a guy!?
Why we need to sign out from email?
How many have put their Christmas Trees up today?
why does hippie guitar make racist remarks towards mexicans?
Is anyone here gay?
What is the worst school lunch you ever had?
what is mechanics?
what's your favorite junkfood?
Which Webhosting is Best ?
is ice age 2 a good movie?
is high school wrestling a big sport?
What celebrity do you look like?
The anti-Christ?
Concerning the US militia?
I need help finding quotes that relate to aspects of mystery.?
Why Israiel is so sensitive about holoucast?
free tv on pc?
Is There A Beta Version Of Windows Vista (Longhorn)?
do you like candy?
Is it possible to acquire Government contracts without bribes?
Why is it when we duck they call us chicken?
Which is better Smackdown or Raw?
what are the shape can be cut from water bottle?
What is it?
It is easy to find a job in Finland?
Looking for opinions on football forum?
I want to ask about the side effects of duxil?
pls explain why?
what did eli whitney do for math?
How much truth is there to The Davinci Code?
what does punch-drunk mean?
Who thinks....?
What movie should i go see with my girlfriend tomorrow?
When will the State of the Union be in 2006?
Buddhism Questions?
What was the first battle of the Civil War?
how to persuade your boyfriend to take his medicine?
relation between water absorption and water permeability?
Names of some seasonal & local winds of the earth?
The Jewish faith?
What is frequency shift keying?
what is the highest speed of internet on earth?
How do you clean a laptop computer screen?
how does stealth technology work?
who won the Chilean presidential election?
Need some help here?
Who is the best footballer in the world, currently?
which countries hosted the last world cup?
What college school would be good for become a state police officer?
How is Tony Danza doing?
How much do Border's employees get paid?
How do u do the westside walk?
How was Henry XIV an absolute monarchy?  I need examples.?
where is the best place to look for love?
tell me something?
Why do people write such LONG answers?
how to become a member in any political party?
how much $ does Mia Hamm make a year?
I have a question about umpires?
Are you at work right now?
Issue 5 - Smokefree Ohio Passed!??!?
i need some help...?
Can you do all your home work here?
school help ?
how do i post a webpage on my apple computer?
how to calcutlate the profit margin?
Do you believe the freedom of speech really exists?
In a LGBT Community, what is the average time period?
whats a good file sharing program peer to peer?
Do any rabbits in Canada climb trees or swim?
What is a wart ? How it is treated?
What is the rock star Alice Cooper's real name?
How do we stop the price of peanuts?
Middle school online homeschooling?
storiesbooks?
what are the advantages of computer graphics?
where can i get a free domain?
How do you know if he's "The One"?
Do u like Himesh Reshammiya's song?
Italy vs Australia. Score pls?
How can I tell a guy that I like him?
who's a days of our lives fan?
I hate my dad!?
how do i get past my schools sonicwall filter?
How do you write a Case study????
Why do flamingos stand on one leg?
where to find crime statistics for Dolton, Il?
Hillary Clinton for President 2008'?
courageous welsh hound killed by his own master?
please identify a clear crawling bug?
do you like yahoo and why?
rate this funny joke?
is celiac disease painful?
is Horus related to the constellation Orion ?  Or Gemini ?
How I can learn Russian for free ?
Who is in Houston tx right this minute?
what is the interval of the scale in the graph?
how can i stop or make nose bleeds stop[?
Why do firewire PCI cards have in internal input slot?
Will I ever meet my soulmate?
any places i can download sonds for free?
why is to much caffeine bad for you?
The Cult of Celebrity for the Young Adults?
What is your favorite " Friends" quote?
I would like down load google earth program?
Can he sue?
Help with google sms?
what can ido to get a boyfriend?
What's Love?
metallurgical engineering job creating opportunities?
Does anyone know anything abouta place called Christendom?
ASP.NET xml File for Navigation Bar?
What are the top 10 audit firms in Singapore???
Will God bless America yet ignore other nations?
what is the importance of learning English as a second language?
what comes first the chicken or the egg?
Where is Rev. Kip ?
Birth control safe/effective method for acne?
Why are unsolicited emails called spam?
how do i find the song ganja farmer?
Have you ever accidentally worn your pyjamas to work?
Who thinks Carlito is cool?
getting information about music .?
How long have Yahoo Answer been out???
Seahawks or Steelers? SUPERBOWL XI?
How do metallic bonds differ from ionic and covalent  bonds?
Is Earth really just a sex-slave farm for Martians?
How many Bush haters?
How to get a visitors visa to go to france?
How much does the President of Iceland earn annually?
Any clever ideas?
What are the laws in New York State regarding body piercing?
Intel Powermacs?
How do I get the old yahoo home page back?
Why does my sister hate me?
Sine and Cosine Angles?
Deal or No Deal?
what do u think about the president of venezuela?
Who has scored the highest number goals for Manchester United?
handcuffing?
Where have all the avatars gone?
Is there any one.....?
the best university in the uk for journalism?
What does it mean to be childlike?
What do you do for a living?
keith urban vs. brad paisley?
should you have a three some before marriage or during?
The recall on tylenol?
How do you forgive the unforgivable?
Do you ever cry like a baby?
Chemistry questions!!!!!!?
Why do parents try to ruin your life?
what is elisa?
what is love?
What is Follinex?
What is aerobic respiration?
ringer movie?
Christmas Angel Tree...?
does the amount of knots in the infantry blue cord mean anything?
how to learn to iceskate?
A True Christian?
Have you ever thought about it ?
Weight belt?
pythagoras' favorite food?
Why is every grade level having to do more standardized testing?
Spray-paint and snowboards?
How does Ames,Iowa, clean their sewer water?
Do you know any designs which I can make using arithmetic progression?
What is your?
Do you remember Pete Duel? Do you miss him?
In math, what does the term "perfect number" mean?
who have achieved the american dream?
what is ori?
why did Yahoo reveal the names of the Chinese discidents?
ideal gas law and hot air ballons....?
genital warts question?
what is the role of students in disaster management?
anyone help me on this?
Why all this facination with Anime?
where's the apple button on your keyboard?
what is the best rock singer?
schools for girls in kolkata?
where can i send e-mail to my friends?
British Film Magazine?
Anyone know anything about a health drink called Fruta Vida?
If ya could what would ya ask to God?
"Lead America Youth Confrince"?
find k, the spring constant?
Whose rights are more important?
My son is failing Math and reading in 6th grade any suggestion?
who can give support(scholarship) in my college?
gross profit?
Does anyone know how to get tv shows from China?
What's the best way to learn UML?
What are the names of the Three Stooges?
what should i get for my mother?
what does athletes foot actually mean?
what am i?
can u answer this?
list the name of the companies which does instrumentation in india?
Did the The Philadelphia Experiment really happen and what was it about?
I want to know where does DHL office is in Jordan?
give me some  sub-problems of being a working student?
Which state in India is the least afforested?
When was velentine day started?
My boyfriend wants to watch me with another woman?
Where does the Human Race finish and what is the prize?
What is the major city of florida ?
theft penalty in Ohio for under 3000.00 from an employer?
Why the linux-mascot is a penguin?
Who is your favorite White Sox player White Sox fans.?
what is 5 divided by 200?
please help... I'm very lost!!?
what is the differance between naked and necked?
what blogs do you read?
describe a farm?
Help!! i cant login to windows normally?
what part of balance sheet does drawings go into?
All out of love....hahaha?
In the 1900s how did people get around?
what is the meaning of 'pressure in liquid'?
My partner with Clamydia?
Mitt Romney question?
does anyone know ?
what is your favorite number?
How much percent of your brain do you use?
The manufacturing process used to permanently put parts together is called?
Where is a good place to play fantasy football?
whats the best metallica album?
Is anyone else ready for springbreak?
what made stalin such a terrible killer?
Do you listen at all?
Should I start my confirmation?
how many milliseconds are in a second?
debit or credit?
how can I fix 44 DRAN error in aol?
Can you join the Army Reserves at the age of 49?
ok... heres the question...?
what type of music can four year olds listen to.?
results of mutation in human?
What am I?
Why does lighting come from the ground??
How do I graph combined functions?
job application?
i dont get it?
on asking a totally hot guy out?
On what track is the Belmonts stakes run?
Can a person's IQ be increased?
Who is Michael Faraday & Marie Curie?
Why is this world done mad??
how to name compounds?
wich guy should i believe?
math help please (factoring)?
Which country loves sports car most?
list of doctor that preform snap on teeth procedure?
Radon Gases?
I have sweating palms many times.How to avoid it?
Would you give your partner a freebie??
What questions should I ask when purchasing condo insurance?
What's the best legal way to make money quick ?
Please give opinions on how to solve the border crisis.?
in what year was kennedy shot?
how mani am i?
Is Michael Jackson marring his kid's nanny?
High School Ring?
Would I breach the confidentiality agreement?
holly bible?
What is the stock outlook for CUP?
What is your favourite pizza topping and why?
3c + 5 = 2c - 1?
Can anybody recommed any good websites?
Does Bill Duke have aids?
how do i gain weight?
Anyone can tell me more about this song?
Would Some young Man please telephone his mammy immediatley?
Spanish ver Pasar?
are all clouds wet?
what colour strip are england playing in today?
who is "Muhammad" all Muslims fighting for??
Where am i supposed to type the password in Win RAR?
Why rainbow takes the shape of an arch?
Why do Liberals hate George W. Bush so much?
How to form an LLC?
Do you think war in Iraq is start of World War 3?
FRUIT ame with 5 syllables?
what is a sanji/sangeet?
What does the word  aflutter mean?
How many mL are in a liter?
What instruments are used to investigate earthquakes and volcanos?
Can i find spark notes on Frenchtown Summer?
what to do after+2 with bipc?
Gym class horror story?
My crush.. is wierd?
What is your favorite Firefox extension?
Why do jobs in Hawaii pay so little?
In golf, what is a "skins game?"?
Which is the best way to aquire world cup tickets?
What computer monitor is the best choice to protecting eyes?
where in England is the best place to get married?
Can a person learn how to roll their r's?
geoqraphic location of intertidal zone?
distinguish wisdom and intelligence?
Sholud I do my Christmas shopping on the internet?
Can anyone give me some advice on getting a job?
how can i get rid of it?
Why do people say it is to cold for snow?
what are the most common symptoms of hodgkins disease?
What's a wake-up like?
what is gpa?
how do you make dumb guys shut up?
Prochoice or Prolife?
What are some websites that are good for 8 YO girls?
I suffer from chronic migraines.?
What if there was a war and only one side showed up?
can someone tell me about the NFL supplemental draft?
what exactly is humping?
wot is dipping??
What is red sticky and tastes nice?
Is a hand written will accepted as a legal document?
How would this Fatal four-way Match end?
Log off issue?
How to do a PH test using PH strips?
what is califonia zip code?
ok guys or girls wht do u like better?
need help..please?
What are the penalties for driving on a suspended lisence?
who is Silazius?
how do I find out about my 2004 tax refund?
Why was the treaty of Versailles unseccessful?
what do I do if my friend cuts herself on purpose?
Who's the greatest strongman of all time?
Curling Shoes on an Ice Skating Rink??
The battle of Gettysburg?
Which ball has the greatest final velocity?
Can someone give me a topic to my speech on?
What's the best remedy for sweaty palms?
Gift Suggestions for 12 Days Of Christmas?
Christ's death.  Was it murder or suicide?
which are coolest sites to surf these days?
civil war??
where can i get a copy of my GED certificate.?
music on my space?
Chemical Dependency Track???
who's online?
what is the best software for computer monitoring?
Sweet dreams are made of what?
why is the northern part of every state cooler in temperature?
Email in Outlook?
is strength hereditary?
Collin Powell for President 2008?
Discuss how each of the following influences ventilation:?
School work website?
quick math one?
Who like that Al Gore took he initiative?
something   of tufts university?
what is 93% of 240?
Is Chance gay?
How can I see favicon in Internet Explorer address bar?
im sooo bored help!?
MRI Technologist?
Answers???
spell tampa?
um..i gotta queston?
Looking for rental accommodation for young couple with baby?
what was the reason the Roman Empire fell apart?
Is China not getting along with black people?
what are the parts of a computer keyboards?
I would like my wife and I to work out together?
where can I find boston red sox checks?
how many mins are in a year?
my identical twin has a problem?
What is the biggest Question?
Barry Bonds?
Could someone translate this sentence for me please??
ne one have myspace?
What name should Brad and Angelina give their baby??
Do you believe in Islam?
becoming a u.s. marshall?
What Can You Say ?!?
how many kids are there in america today?
Who likes women's football?
Please guide me how to do this question related to vectors?
How do you think about arranged marriage? Does it work?
What's a financial aid refund?
Can you PLEASE help me with my history homework?
how can i delet all massge from inbox mail?
what is the best place to download songs?
I'm broke.. and i want money ?
how to compile c program in Unix?
why do people think weed is bad?
What do you do after your children go to bed?
What is the difference between wit and humor?
What do you think of christians?
what does Romans 3:31 mean?
how do fish sleep?
I retire in 2008 & want to move to Australia.?
why do people say what's UP? why up?
are christians becoming more socially unacceptable? why?
how should I tell a guy i love him?
how to market a courier company?
Are we safe from finger pointing?
What is the most successful website ever?
why do every one consider muslims as terrorist?
computer problem?
How old is Fatih Sonkaya?
advice plz?
What's your opinion on Johnny Depp and Colin Farrell?
Do you like Pedro Almodovar's films?
Is it gross to give a pregnant woman oral?
Can Any one help me with itallian???
Where can I obtain information regarding Iranian-American Scholarships?
3 dogs are at the Vet?
Know of any good Scholarships or grants?
Is there a descrambling program?
how do i put in my pictures and who sees them?
what do ya'll think of Jackque Jones?
What does Lauren Bacall make to appear in a movie?
Any body want points?
bleeding out my anual area?
what program can run  *.dat files?
What are the 3 types of gene therapy?
birthday sucks?
What is my best quality?
Who are the most famous german singers?
How can I start a computer business?
What's thebest way to reach to God?
how much money is spent for a gene manipulation?
Are dog walking kinda jobs illegal for F-1 visa students?
How could I get into a foster home?
Stressed and in pain, can anyone help?
Who are the starting 5 on the Cavaliers?
What is college like?
what is macro networking/?
What are the different types of hybrid orbitals?
What is vascular malformation?
what is the best way to be organized?
Why the different signs of the cross?
two plus three multiple four divide by two equal?
Best Electric Piano Keyboards?
is vinegar really a cure-all for just about everything?
how is the system of english government?
is the sky really blue?
Tell me the top 10 colleges in Madurai?
Flash animated fire?
why indian like only mostly cricket?
How many times has Australia won the World Cup?
PLease help! Neglect?
Do you have 360?
Can you help me with this trivia question?
Many Protestants point to this verse:?
Physics question related to energy?
What's in the cards for Capricorns??
OK Geeks, here's one for you.?
does anyone hate brothers!!!!!!!!?
What are the benefits....?
Can you underline?
i am in love. how can i propose to the girl?
i want to see hit women pictur?
Who win very first world cup soccer and where?
How can I work out my abs without hurting my back?
Question on getting braces off?
Need Help... Please read..?
how to find remainder of a number?
Whats the national bird of canada?
What is your fav. boy cow name?
how to block AOL aim chat from your computer?
where did theology started?
What are Cardiologists and how much are they paid?
what has 21 spots but never ill?
Pains when running?
does anyone like david wright of the mets?
What does a pediatrician major in for college?
Why do some people have gold teeth?
When was the second amendment passed?
disable "save to desktop" windows xp?
doom3 plays better on higher setting?
how shoul i masterbate?
What's your favorite funniest WORD ever?
Which is the biggest English Word without a vowel in it?
The Perfect Crime?
how do u delete files from microsoft word.?
I wanna know why?
Who to start at wide receiver?
What is the process of the presidential candidates?
which is the country where doctors live soo well?
Peptide bonds?
How can you easily make a projectile Launcher?
Wiccans who do you identify yourself with in your religion?
Who's the Steak?
do guys prefer when a girl...?
Can i have a gentle massage?
any girls fr toronto?
How can i improve my computers virtual memory?
How much can George W Bush bench press?
Physics question dealing with concave miror?
why do people tailgate?
Who invented soccer?
Where can I send a gift to Bette Midler?
How is a resource page formatted for a research paper?
who is the best bank to bank with?
what is the National Honer Society and how did it start?
Mexico as a Futbol team?
How do I know if some boy has a crush on me?
charged particles and magnetic fields????
what dos :o/ mean?
Where would the Bloc Quebecois be on the political spectrum?
Is the sun orange or yellow?
What is Kama Sutra? Explain.?
Whats a really good scam to pull of on someone?
How far is the moon from earth in cm?
What is the best media player for Windows?
How long does hives last? Do they scar your body?
Becoming a (medical) doctor (UK)?
Is there anyway I can learn Spanish for free?
Is anyone else having problems logging into myspace.com tonight?
how to locate microsoftantispywarebeta?
is it love?
how to refabricate the building in rain forced?
Speakin of twins... are you a twin?
What is the capitol of New Jersey?
Why is it so popular to hate America in other countries?
reade sl.exe?
why do people waste their money on weight loss supplements?
Anyone know a website with amusing witty quotes?
Britney bares it all?
Why is every year the same?
Pregnancy and the Pill?
what will i do in order to answer the scientific methods?
black eyed peas?
i'm  short .how can i be tall?
Why is it rude to wear a hat at the dinner table?
which is the first satellite send by India?
what song is this?
can u give me a cool nickname for me?
At this very moment..?
Do u no this?
What's with Tibet?
Why is stat Tracker for fantasy Basketball not working??
How can i get to South Boston, Virginia?
How do you make a blunt?
I forgot can you help me?
who was the black teen sitcom star that went porn?
Why people feel sad when somebody dies?
fertility/ovulation question.?
do u know the muffin man?
ceteris paribus?
Where can I find the song In my head by No doubt?
53rd Derivative of...?
Does anyone listen to the English versions of Rammstein songs?
who makes a good running shoe?
Whens the best time of day to excersice?
When will have a man in my life?
Will this player make to the pros?
What's a good modern rock band?
I hate college. What do I do?
where do i go to try out for the rock star auditions?
Is Jesse McCartney in any way related to Paul McCartney?
How are school districts enforcing tobacco-free policies for students?
How come I can't open PDF links online?
Which software is the best to edit a scanned document?
what is a 1031 exchange?
I have a problem with my apt...?
Was Mother Theresa not as 'holy' as people claim?
Do Muslims give money to Mosques?
Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Can men be midwifes?
What's on Sheldon Souray's arm?
whats the best hockey skate?
How was the American accent started?
Did people really ever get to the moon?
Why is there so much intolerance for Christianity?
Where can I find some free software for printing CD labels?
How do I print full  web pages?
Do you believe that UFO exist?
i know this question is embarrassing and personal but...?
Where is tatoo located on my body?
how good is doing "PUSH-UPS"?
what should i add....?
When letting someone know how you feel?
how can i improve my heart condition?
woman president?
what are the effects of ecosystem destruction?
How can i do this???????
What is the best satellite television service?
what is the growth rate for koala bears?
What does it take to live an Extraordinary Life?
what company offers the best & least expensive training in cisco?
Where can I buy fun cycles at in Kansas or online?
What's a good high school prank?
wut gop stand for?
what do the captains exchange at the start of a soccer match?
why should fanaa be banned?
vserver.vxd error?
masturbation! What is the best technique using fingers?
Why is Britain always playing second fiddle to the Americans?
Is China right to impose a levels on childbirth?
what is mean by brain drain?
Why Don't Penguins' Feet Freeze?
is salmon plural? and one more is the word species plural?
which pop song is this?
How  do you pitch really fast in softball?
How can we best relate the Brain mechanics with physics?
What exercise is best?
Which QB this week?
why do people have sex with their cousins?
What is the Best Internet TV Program?
can I learn danish languege in net?
Partial pressure...again?
who has the most number of test centuries?
if you could rank the italian leagues...?
Does anyone know the story of EL DUENDE?
what is the german word for mad cow disease?
For or against the death penalty?
Is "starting a brand new life" really possible?
Whats with the world cup questains?
what is the laplace inverse of 2?
Whats the best affordable MP3 player system??
question about DNA?
what sport has the hottest athletes? male and female?
should I be worried about my foot sweating in my ankle cast?
Spiderman forums?
How we can get benifit by answering here ???
Are U.S. Citizens allowed to travel to Cuba?
wat's my name?
i wna knw abot firewall settings?
I called the cops on my wife-beating husband.?
am i overweight???
what did call girls in the 1800's charge?
Formula to calculate Multiple regression with example?
is women cry or moan or scream during orgasm?
Windows Me, can anyone help?
Is a nervous cow an udder wreck?
road conditsions for browning MT?
Why should a distinction be made between fixed and variable costs?
Raiders!!!!?
border cave?
Which ladies like men in speedos?
Why did Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie stop talking anyway?
how many??
Vocabulary Stuff?
DRUgs what it does?
how do i let my crush know im interested?
Who is right about the solutions of this?
Who is the most famous Swede in the world?
What can i do to lose weight? without dieting?
Tell me all about Law ?
what are 1920's fads?
how many feet goes into a meter?
How many people think that Mariah Carey has lost it?
how to solve this one : divide x5 by x2?
If you can fall in love can you fall out of love?
Has American culture cross the line into Paranoia?
what is the radius of a cylinder?
Why is water so important in weight loss?
how do you get to have sex with famous people?
How do i get a bankers draft from Natwest?
What is the purpose of the fuse in the main plug?
Why do extremely skiinnnnyy people say that their fat?
Should Mark McGwire make the baseball hall of fame?
the following equation please?
living in USA?
I have terrible PMS is their any relief?
How do I approach her?
realationship crisis?
What is your opinion about Faith and Depression...?
Education for aged people in India?
Should convicted child molesters be allowed out of jail?
what does tinder moss look like and where does it grow?
Does anyone know how to get taller naturally?
When was jesus christ born ?
Will eating 134 chocolate chip chunk cookies really make me feel better?
did i tell you about?
MySpace page link codes question?
how is canada trying to stop racism?
Cradle of Filth or Marilynn Manson?
Where can i find free patterns for knitting socks.?
Do you think people and problems can push you to drugs?
what is Architecture?
What do you think about Motorola?
Is skateboarding similar to snowboarding?
pedulum clock advice?
When am I ever gonna use this MATH stuff?
Where do u see yourself in the next 20 years?
Where did you learn how to kiss like that?
how do you make a Kleenex dance?
which team is the biggest competitor across to brazil?
evolution of homosexuality?
Are the Ping G5 clubs worth the money?
Thermal Insulator/Specific Heat?
What are the salaries of MLB managers?
How do you know if he is truley being faithful?
how can i starT investing in BSE?
what are some good soccer warm up songs??
why pie is used in maths?
Im in love with a married man!?
how to build personality & facing difficulties.?
What song should I sing?
why do HINDUS believe in COW?
Is anarchy a form of government?
who scored first hat tricks in one day international in india?
why are the NHL Sabres so good?
Are Golden Quarters Worth Mutch?
Christian Question:?
How can you over come being shy ?
sleep apnoea and cardiac arrest?
what is 2+2?
Is there any otherU.S. Merchant Marines out there?
Write the best joke you have heard?
how do you heel a deeply broken heart :( ??
is Chris matthews conservative or liberal.?
(Nation Destroys a nation"?
what is the newest scientific breakthrough in 2005?
does anyone know any method of remuneration?
Is it healthy to dream every night?
what do you like doing on the computer?
Should the Pope have apologized for stating history about Islam?
whats the biggest cell in the human body?
iwant awebsid leaning english?
Is this a fair trade?
what the f is wrong with me? females only thanks!?
How'd they do that?
is bleaching your skin often bad for you?
honesty is the best policy.how?
what is a error 340 from a computer web site?
What is wrong with me???
Tickets to New Years Revolution?
is there such a thing called opinion addiction?
Water in my ear?
Sodium Stearate?
Is Burger King a good stock to buy?
can there be life on other planets or there moons?
what kind of questions should u ask the guy u just met?
What Is The best torrent website?
He said he liked me but then nothing changed...?
Where are the Senior NCO clubs on Fort Hood?
find the real number solution... please help?
does England really stand a chance in the ashes?
That steal?
does it hurt to get caps on teeth?
what is denoument?
wat's ur favorite sport and why???
How do I know if I have an eating disorder?
How do i create an eternity code?
what is the by-product of.....?
free erp questions ?
Describe the uses and values of medical records to Physicians?
What do outerspace aliens taste like?
what language is the word Monterra and what does it mean?
What would it take to make people believe a conspiracy is true?
how can I lose weight  ?
Hellboy vs Spawn?
how do i know if she likes me?
what is token ring?
why do republicans hate sesame street?
What do you think....?
who thinks we need to blow up Iran?
how do you get rid of hiccips?
Who thinks that the Dallas Mavs will win?
here is puzzel for you to slove?
Ever heard of The Brian Jonestown Massacre?
AM i too old to play tennis?
Pregnant Wife Question?
I wonder if I'm romantic?
how do i do a google bomb?
Reformatting?
What is the name of Americas most elite military force?
writing in someone's yearbook that you like them?
How To move away from a person you love ?
Integration?
Winchester Model 12 16 gauge pre-64?
can anyone think of a clever name for this?
Canadian Border Crossing?
Okay, so i made a mistake...?
When does the new X-Men movie come out?
Who offers the best FREE credit report?
Is there a way to measure thickness of piece of paper?
can i come america for work?
How do you restore mouse control after disabling mouse?
how to remove ink tags from a shirt?
WHAT IS Microsoft.NET Framework 2.0?
What must be present for miranda rights to apply?
Is there a way to get rid of a bladder infection?
what can you do with 1 USD in new york?
using proofreading how would you make bone into bones?
job scopes as an housing agent toward the tenant?
putting pictures onto myspace page layout?
Does anyone know of any good campgrounds for families in Ohio?
What are the 5 teams that beat Alabama in football?
How do u let him know!??
What does the sun revolve around?
