"Best cold sore product available. I&#039;ve been getting cold sores for years and each outbreak usually puts me in hiding for at least a week. Denavir usually keeps it from forming into breakouts and cuts breakout times by 2/3s. 

Coupons are available on the company&#039;s product site to help defray the substantial costs for the medicine. As someone who has suffered breakouts for years, I&#039;d recommend this product at any price. But it&#039;s nice to have a coupon to make it more affordable."
"I suffer from COPD. When I get a respiratory infection of any kind it is a big problem. When I take Avelox the symptoms are gone before they get out of hand, 2 or 3 doses and I feel great again. Personally, I have not experienced any side effects. Have used the drug 3 times now."
"Much better than Adderall that I&#039;ve been taking for 12 years. My heart doesn&#039;t race, the dry mouth effects aren&#039;t nearly as intense. There are no more highs &amp; lows! Love it."
"I&#039;m on 40 mg of celexa and 100 mg of trazadone to help me since my one month old son passed away due to SIDS. Well he was at daycare I wasn&#039;t able to function at all but now I can get up and work and function again"
"I love the Skyla! I&#039;m 19 and have had it in almost a year and I love it. The only down side is the cramping and bloating. I hardly ever have a period, which I only had a 3 day period before the birth control. My sex drive is extremely high. Over all I love it. The cramping is just the worst part. Insertion took all of 10 minutes with my doctor explaining and talking and then inserting it. I cramped afterwards but nothing out of the norm. I&#039;m covered for 3 years and I love it"
"Epiduo saved my face. I&#039;ve only been using it a few weeks and my skin has never looked better! Not harsh at all!! Especially compared to Retin-a. Can wear under make up and other products. It&#039;s a miracle in a bottle."
"Xarelto probably saved my life from a stroke with a fib. I feel great on a high dose....I  adjusted well and feel better than before I started it. I don&#039;t fear a stroke anymore with Xarelto."
"I love my paragard! It&#039;s the best decision I ever made. I wish I would have known about this method of birth control sooner. Was on the pill for 18 years prior, and did not like the side effects that were developing. My periods are about the same, maybe a little heavier."
"Had strep throat and double ear infection including one ruptured ear drum. Was so sick, but after 24 hours on Z-Pak, major turn-around with 80% recovery within 48 hours.  Much faster and more effective than Amoxicillin or similar."
"Prior to my diagnosis of heart disease I suffered daily with what I thought was heartburn and indigestion.  I ate Tums like candy.  Sometimes it would get so bad I would chug a couple of diet sodas just so I could burp, which seemed to help.   Then I had a stress test which led to having a heart cath done.  I have a 100% blockage in my RCA and two other smaller blockages.  Once I started Ranexa all of what I used to believe was heartburn/indigestion stopped.  It is amazing."
"For those of you who are having bad side effects, PLEASE try Viibryd for at least 3 weeks.  After two weeks, I begged my doctor to change my script to something else, but he told me to wait one more week.  I could not believe the difference that week made!  Viibryd is the best medicine I have ever taken! I felt like the REAL ME. Too bad my insurance wont cover it and my doctor ran out of samples."
"I started taking Contrave about a month and a half ago and I am down about 7 lbs. I did not notice much weight loss in the first month because I was actually taking the medication as prescribed. I am 5&#039;6 about 154lbs. I only want to drop about 20lbs for my wedding and I was told this is not habit forming. I exercise and I am on a low cal diet. This medication does not curb my appetite but it does curb my intake which I LOVE. I don&#039;t want to stop eating all together and gain all the weight back as soon as I stop taking it.  This medication still lets me eat but not as much. I am on the second month and I notice I am losing about 3lbs a week which is a healthy way to lose weight. Every now and then I will get a headache but overall...GREAT!!"
"After 6 months of constant agony due to four herniated discs in my neck my doctor finally got it right. The started packet started me out on one pill a night and could have gone as far as five. Happily two have done the trick. I am so relieved. I was beginning to think I&#039;d never feel pain free again. It is a miracle."
"Taking 30mg daily now for insomnia.  Best medicine  I have ever taken for insomnia.  When I took my first 30mg pill it worked great.  Maybe too good.  I slept 8 hours and if I didn&#039;t have any repsonsibilities it felt like I could sleep another 4 hours.  I had to drag myself out of bed, but it still was a quality sleep.  I started taking as needed but at lower does.  3.4mg, 7.5mg, 15mg.  Seems to have a long half-life so some days I didn&#039;t take at all and it still worked.  After awhile the effects started wearing off so I started taking 30mg every day for about a month now and it seems to be still working.  I tried to increase to 45mg but at that dose it seems not work for sleep anymore.  The maximum I can take for sleep is 30mg."
"I have PCOS so I&#039;ve been unfortunate enough to have the ugly facial hair situation. Mostly on my chin, and its really coarse hair. My doctor put me on Vaniqa, and I have to say, after all these years of struggling with facial hair removers, waxes, creams, this is the best by far. I&#039;ve only been on it probably around 2-3 weeks and I saw an immediate difference. Even without using a facial hair remover, its cleared up my skin, the hair doesn&#039;t come back as quickly and its really made a huge difference. Granted it is expensive. Hope this helps!"
"I have severe Osteo Arthritis in most of my major joints: Spine, shoulders, hips, knees (until I just had bi-lateral knee replacements in August). I&#039;ve had spinal fusion L3-S1 for OA complications and continued OA in the remainder of my spine. 

I&#039;ve been taking Etodolac twice daily along with other pain meds for over 14 years.  I&#039;ve never had any adverse problems with it. I do however take Zantac 75 or equivalent twice daily to help protect my stomach.

I&#039;m a firm believer in this medication. When I need to come of of it for a procedure, my OA flares up once again. 

With my daily medication regime I continue to work full time in a shipyard and as a Fire Chief on a volunteer fire department. 

Give it a try, it may just do wonders for you."
"Been taking levothyroxine for 11 days since diagnosed with hypothyroidism (T4 levels of 3 and TSH over greater than 100).  What a difference it&#039;s made?  Feel much better in myself, thyroid still enlarged (doctor didn&#039;t want to flood my system with too much thyroxine after such low readings but may increase after bloods are taken in 4 weeks) but it is getting smaller.  Eyesight much improved, leg pain gone, mood better and generally feel much improved.  Feel a lot more like my old self. Can&#039;t wait for the drugs to really kick in. Marvellous."
"I have debilitating anxiety which keeps me from leaving the house many days. Before, I would cry almost daily, even when life was going better. The little things tore me apart. With the buspar... it&#039;s like I&#039;m getting &quot;moments&quot; back. I still get anxious sometimes, but I have occasional periods of feeling. ... normal. Clear. Simple, natural interactions with family and friends are possible again. As time goes on, I&#039;m experiencing more and more &quot;moments&quot; of real life again, or, life before anxiety. Multiple friends have told me I seem much happier. Though I don&#039;t particularly think of myself as suddenly &quot; all sunshine and roses&quot;,  I feel like I have my life back. I&#039;m actually living again."
"I&#039;ve had nothing but positive experiences since I started taking Yaz in 2009. Clear skin, light or no periods, and of course no babies. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects like weight gain or mood swings."
"I have been on Pradaxa for 8 months now after having been on warfarin for 7 yrs. I have absolutely no side effects.  I am not cold anymore like I was on warfarin and I also find scratches stop bleeding very quickly compared to warfarin. I had a dental procedure and only stopped Pradaxa for one day and no bleeding other than normal and that was not so with warfarin.  

I can&#039;&#039;t even attempt to say how happy I am to be able to eat or drink anything I want and not have to be careful of so many green vegetables and even spices and no more lab test once a month...I am very happy."
"Kava is as close to the effects of Valium as one can get from a legal substance. It definitely is a direct muscle relaxant and definitely does it through the GABA receptors. However, there&#039;s no lassitude - no real euphoria or feeling of elation either - but to me that&#039;s the actual beauty of kava. It&#039;s GABAergic effect is most noticeable when taken during a time of discomfort.

Kava has quickly reversed full-blown panic attacks and also markedly reduced pain, probably because of it&#039;s direct muscle relaxation. I also sleep like a baby after taking it. But if one is looking for an upfront euphoria (i.e., a recreational drug) then that person is likely to think that kava does nothing."
"As of today I have received Botox for the forth time.  I have explored over the years many, many options for treating my OAB (over active bladder) &amp; IC (Intercystial Cystitis) including oral meds, physical therapy, a bladder sling (that was a good decision) &amp; finally having the Interstem device implanted (that only produce a little improvement).   I was my doctors first patient to receive the treatment.  I am so grateful for this option.  Before Botox I could not go far from home.  Walking my dogs meant I had to wear a pad the size of a brick.  By the time I made it home it would be soaked.  At the age  of 45I was depressed with my condition &amp; options.  Next week I am having my doctor remove my Interstim device.  Having Botox is all I need."
"I was having heavy bleeding and long cycles, they would last over 2 weeks.  With my next cycle I started taking Levlen on day one and had no bleeding on day two.  I was surprised how quickly it worked to stop bleeding immediately."
"At 79 the hormones do not deliver the same stimulation to get started and unless there is continuous action, my erection can fade. Cialis does a great job of overcoming both of these and gives results for about two days. Been using it for about two years now."
"I have been having very frequent migraines that were not relieved by anything else.  This medicine has been a lifesaver for me.  Yes the shots hurt but it is well worth the effects of not having debilitating headaches."
"I&#039;ve used Viibryd for a couple of years. 40 mg grew to being jittery, even with exercise. At 20 mg I have improvement. I&#039;m much more functional. Being lactose intolerant, it&#039;s not uncommon to have diarrhea from time to time. If early in the day, it seems to cause a drop in energy, focus, etc. As needed, I sometimes take an additional 10 mg at lunch.

Previous medicines tried were Prozac and Cymbalta."
"After a week and a half I noticed I didn&#039;t think about smoking as often. I had completely quit within the first 2 weeks. I haven&#039;t had an urge to smoke since. It has been 3 months and I have absolutely no desire to smoke. The smell is awful, but I can even stand to be around it with no urge to light back up. Chantix is worth every penny! Trying to get my friend to try it as well."
"OMG! What a life saver I have had migraines for years and the seem to be sinus related more often then not I wake up in the middle of the night so stuffed up I can&#039;t breath and my headache begins, a breath rite helps a little. But I have tried just about everything, Claritin, Allegra, Zyrtec, Advil &amp; Tylenol Sinus, Nasacort, Rhino (something) and many others and nothing worked. The Advil Sinus and the old Tylenol sinus helped a little. My ear nose and throat doctor put me on Singular (pill). I bought this after see the commercials stating it blocks 6 types of allergies. Within in 12 to 24 hours I could tell it was helping by 48 hours it was a like a miracle! The pressure in my head, stuffiness, headaches (that were sinus related went away)"
"I have been taking 50mg of Zoloft for a month now. At first I was nauseous everyday and wanted to stop so bad. I stayed with it and I can really feel a difference. I seem to be able to think more clearly and just in a better mood altogether. I have suffered from major depressive and extreme anxiety disorder since about the age of 13. I&#039;m almost 32 now and for once I actually feel good. This speaks in volumes for those that know me. I&#039;m not sure if I will need to increase the dosage ever but for now the 50mg seems to be the magic happy pill I&#039;ve been looking for my whole life. Also I may be one of the few but it seems to have increased my sex drive. Weird huh!"
"After fracturing my L1,L2,L3,L4,L5 in a car accident two years ago, Dilaudid 4mg three times a day plus Methadone 10mg three times a day has been the ONLY combination that allows me to have a life. I&#039;ve been through so many doctors, it&#039;s sad. Believe me, if I could be pain-free without medicines, I would. My pain level now is a steady 4. Before Dilauded, nothing worked."
"Excellent anti-inflammatory/NSAID. Worked well on a sprained big toe that caused swelling in that area. It works better than the store brand generic. I know people claim they are the same, but I can tell the difference."
"I am on day 2 of the 5 day dose pack. Relief from upper respiratory symptoms has been rapid and effective. 48 hrs ago I was having severe coughing fits, sneezing, painful sinus pressure, lethargy, blocked nasal passages, unable to lie down without inducing severe bouts of coughing. 36 hrs ago I took the loading dose, and 12 hrs ago the day 2 dose. My cough is all but gone, I am able to breathe normally, my  voice is back nearly to normal, the sinus pressure is gone, and I have stopped taking the decongestant I was using. This afternoon I went out shopping. I have noticed no side effects, others than a mild  nausea after the day 1 dose, which may or may not have been from the medicine. This is my second highly positive experience with this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been relapsing since I started drinking 10 years ago. I tried Campral, but didn&#039;t bother to take it as prescribed, often forgetting. After my 3rd rehab, and years of AA and counselling, this has been the most amazing medication I&#039;ve ever taken. I had zero hope it would work, given it didn&#039;t before (again, even tho I forgot to take it sometimes), but it has been a miracle. I mean a miracle. I can walk through the grocery store, see the liquor area, and not be have any desire to drink. I have a three particular triggers I cannot avoid, and have always relapsed due to them. However, I no longer feel the desire to drink now when experiencing them. I go to counselling and DBT, but nothing worked before. Do yourself a favor and try it."
"Lithium put me in the hospital for a month.  I was on a respiratory tube 10 days and in a coma for 2.  It really worked before this stay.  I was also in renal for 10 days.  Once I was released my doc tried Trileptal with an anti-anxiety med and I have been episode-free for almost 3 years.  Lithium is great but have your blood levels checked VERY frequently.  If you&#039;re having trouble with other medz, please consider giving this a try.  I feel like a different person!"
"I have had the nexplanon since June 12,2015... before nexplanon I was on depo.. since having nexplanon I only had mild cramping... I haven&#039;t had a cycle since my daughter (who is now 7) was six months old... I switched from depo to nexplanon because it just seemed easier than going to dr every 3 months for the depo shot... the mild cramping only last a few months and have had no other problems since... I would definitely recommend the nexplanon for long term birth control method.... sex has been great too... without a cycle I can have sex all the time and not worry about having another pregnancy..."
"I take dilaudid for a severe kidney stone condition.  I take the pills at home (4mg), although I start by cutting them in half and only take 2mg to start.  If 2mg don&#039;t help, I take the other half of the pill for a total of 4mg.  I take the dilaudid in combination with MS Contin.  Like many others have said, I have tried many other pain medications and dilaudid is the ONLY thing that helps me with my pain.  Morphine does not help (it makes me very sick - although the long acting MS Contin is ok).

When the pills are not able to control my pain, or after surgery I take IV dilaudid, and this is the best pain medication.  There have been times I&#039;ve been curled in a ball in tears the pain has been so bad and this works instantly."
"I was on this drug many years ago, and the side effects were terrible, couldn&#039;t drive, felt like a zombie, and slept most of the time. So was very reluctant to go back on it. I did give pregabalin a whirl and so far so good, I am supposed to be on 75mg 3 times a day, although due to my past experience will only take them at night so one 75mg, I am so surprised not any side effects like last time, although a weird sensation on my right cheek like a cool breeze feeling all the time, feels bizarre!"
"I just turned 30 last month. I started Adipex in November 2012. Lost 10 lbs and thought I could keep going without the pills. Ended up gaining all the 10 back, plus another 10 after all the holidays. I was 230 lbs, 5ft 7 in. I got back on Adipex 4 weeks ago and I am now 210 lbs!! I only get to the gym maybe 3 times a week. I used to get dry mouth, so drank more water. I pretty much ate what I wanted, but a lot less of it considering the pills make me not hungry at all. So now starting strict diet, I should be able to lose more than 20 lbs a month!"
"I have been taking hydroxychloroquine for 6  Years.   I have primary sjogren&#039;s, hashimoto&#039;s. Before, I was tired all the time and could not lift a 3 lb dumbbell. Sometimes I could barely walk, my neck, knees, elbows, etc. we&#039;re always in pain. The bottoms of my feet hurt - I dreaded getting out of bed in the morning. Initially I took 2 of the 200 mg tabs/day.  Years later this was cut to 100mg/day.  3 weeks ago -- at my request - doc let me cut it in half to 50 mg/day. I am 58 years old go to the gym 4-5 X/week. Yesterday I did chest press w/ 60 lbs, heaved 50 lb barbell over head, did rows with 90 lbs... I love plaquenil."
"I&#039;m on 300mg 3x a day. It&#039;s my lifesaver for neuropathy and restless legs.  It allows me to sleep at night.  I find the only side effect is increased appetite."
"I&#039;ve been taking Seroquel (100mgs) for 2 months now.  It&#039;s been great.  I&#039;ve had treatment resistant depression for years and have taken every antidepressant on the market with little to no help.  I was running out of energy and time.  After trying Abilify (bad akathesia), Lamictal (still taking), we tried Seroquel and within a 2 week period I was back in life.  What a wonderful gift.  I&#039;m very thankful.  Also, I&#039;ve had refractory insomnia that has been alleviated as well."
"I love my Loestrin. It was the first pill I was ever put on, and I was put on it at a young age (freshman year of high school) because my period used to be unbearable. I&#039;m talking crippling pain from cramps, to the point where I couldn&#039;t go to school for days. I went off of it for a while, for no reason other than I was too lazy to get my prescription refilled (haha). I am now back on it as a freshman in college, and I fell in love with the drug again! My skin (which I&#039;ve recently had bad acne issues for some reasons) is finally clearing up, I haven&#039;t gained a pound, my breasts are growing (thank goodness), and my period is light as a feather and only lasts two to three days. I highly suggest this pill."
"I have been using this medicine for the last 7 to 10yrs and it has absolutely been a life saver. In the long agonizing minutes of a migraine, nothing can compare to the relief you will get when you take Midrin and the best thing is that it doesn&#039;t make you feel funny or bad afterwards."
"I recently bought the PS4 VR helmet. Almost every game made me motion sick. I tried Dramamine by taking it one hour before playing. Not one game bothered me at all. I played four straight hours and had a blast. I have only tried this once and had 100% success. Today I am giving it a go again!"
"Bactrim cleared my skin up in less than a week. I did forget to take it for a few days and it did come back, but cleared up right away as soon as I took it twice a day again. "
"I have read reviews below and noticed most people find those with low rating helpful. We should all remember that this is a birth control method and goes against nature. There will definitely be side effects and there is nothing that works the same for everyone. We all have different experiences and would like to write some more about the good things. I had mine inserted in March this year and can not be happier. I have used the pill and the IUD before. While on the pill, I got pregnant. I decided to use the IUD afterward. Took it out because I would bleed heavily for 2 weeks every month. With Implanon, I have not had my periods, no weight gain. Got some cramping and low libido, but I can live with it. Oh, and I am not pregnant. Give it a try."
"The first two months were not fun but than it got better. I have been on it for almost 3 years and I&#039;m very happy with it. My periods are regular and I have had no mood swings, cramps, or migraines. I love it. Only thing is it is expensive and my insurance only covers 10 percent but it&#039;s worth it because it works so well."
"I was diagnosed with postpartum depression after the birth of my 3rd son. I&#039;m on venlafaxine for the 2nd time. The 1st time I disliked it because it seemed to have weird side effects. Now, I&#039;m almost 3 weeks into it and I feel like a million bucks! My depersonalization seems to be so much better, my mood is better, I&#039;m playing with my kids more than I have been. Starting to care about myself, have motivation to workout, more patient and able to handle my kids again! Venlafaxine gave me my life back. Not looking forward to tapering but that&#039;s a long way down the road. But I&#039;ve found taking it at night is the best. I don&#039;t seem to have any side effects beside weight loss but who is going to hate that!"
"There are a lot of horror stories out there about IUD&#039;s and I&#039;d like to contribute to them because I was almost scared out of getting one because of stuff I read online. I got Skyla placed in December of 2016, which means I have had it for around 6 months. I would HIGHLY recommend Skyla to people that are looking for long term birth control. My doctor wanted to place Skyla instead of Mirena because of the angle of my cervix. He told me he had inserted many before, which was extremely comforting. The insertion was about a 5 on a pain scale, and the cramps after were pretty uncomfortable, but nothing ibuprofen couldn&#039;t handle. I have little to no side effects except nipple and breast tenderness and some cramping before periods. Get Skyla!"
"taste was not bad. My doctor had me take a laxative the day before drinking super prep. It made a big difference. all told this prep is 1000 times better then drinking the gallon prep. my insurance cover total cost of the prep. do not believe all the negative posts"
"I am starting my 3rd week on Prozac, 20 mg daily.  I feel like a new person and am so grateful.  I agonized over this choice for weeks, but after 6 months of unbearable anxiety and sadness, then skyrocketing blood pressure, I knew I had to do something. I visited my GP - we did the physical, blood tests, etc. to rule out other factors.  It turns out empty nest   beginning menopause have done a number on me.  The medicine made me feel nauseous, sleepy, like being on cold medicine.  On the 10th day, my appetite returned! I don&#039;t notice side effects at all anymore.  The sadness - 97% gone.  The anxiety - 75% gone.  I also start visits with a therapist in 2 weeks.  Again, I&#039;m grateful to get my life back."
"I took Clomid for the first time last month. My husband and I tried for a year. I have a blocked Fallopian tube. I had to use estrogen medicine also because my uterine lining was too thin. Then my doctor had me use HCG shot to stimulate ovulation since Clomid can apparently mess up if/when ovulation occurs. I took the HCG shot over 2 weeks ago. I noticed some weird symptoms a few days ago and I just took multiple pregnancy tests. And I&#039;m pregnant! So Clomid worked great for me so far. Yay!"
"I have only used this spray for two days, but wow! I feel like I&#039;m 30 again....I love it!! I didn&#039;t know I felt that bad, until my first dose. About 7 hours later, I felt like dancing, and I&#039;ve been super happy ever since."
"EVERYONE IS DIFFERENT.  I had a great experience with Macrobid. I am actually allergic to a few meds so I was relieved to have one for a mean UTI I got over the last few days. I actually started taking it Macrobid, 100MG twice daily for 7 days, BEFORE coming to this site to read the reviews. Firstly, it says to take it with food or milk, so many probably didn&#039;t follow those directions b/c it will give you nausea/vomiting if you don&#039;t. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is drowsiness. But my doctor also prescribed me with metronidazole 500mg, taken twice daily WITH the Macrobid to offset symptoms that can bring on a yeast infection etc.  I only get UTIs once or twice a year, but this one reared it&#039;s ugly head and Macrobid worked wonders for me."
"Started to work the second day on it. I don&#039;t wake up with stiff hands and my joints hurt way less. I&#039;m almost off the prednisone. I love it! Has worked better than anything else I&#039;ve tried. Copay is covered through their assistance."
"I live a complete normal life. I found out after I met my soon to be wife ten years ago. We got married after and had children. She worked doing reasearch on std&#039; s and she recommend lysine for me to take. I take 500mg a day and I increase dose if feeling of tingle starts. I encourage more people to share to help eliminate stigmatizm associated with hsv. I think too much alcohol is my trigger. I honestly think that the drug companies don&#039;t want a cure for this disease as well as others. So those that are stressed because of this should move forward and shift their focus on being positive and proactive against this virus. Please help others!"
"I love the Implanon! I&#039;ve had it for 2 years and have not had a single drop of blood since it was inserted.  I&#039;ve had no weight gain and no mood swings.  The only bad thing is that I will get severe cramps about every month to two months.  But I recommend it!"
"I have been dealing with IBS-D since I was about 13  years old - I am now 25. The uncontrollable cramping and diarrhea gave me no quality of life. I wouldn&#039;t leave my house or do anything. What kind of life is that for a young adult?  Back in December 2015 my doctor told me about viberzi. This has been a GOD SEND medicine. I have my life back!! The second week I started taking it though, I woke up in excruciating pain. I went to the ER and I had a spasm of the sphincter of oddi. I stopped viberzi for a few days, then went on the 75mg and I take it once a day. I FINALLY can live a normal life and not worry every 5 seconds about where the bathroom is."
"I&#039;ve been using it for over a year and it is great.  My eyes feel much better.  But I would like it better if it didn&#039;t cost so much."
"After suffering from papule type rosacea for years, I finally have clear skin!  Within 2 weeks of using soolantra, my rosacea was gone. I&#039;ve been using it for 6 months now (still same tube I started out with) with absolutely no side effects, just the disappearance of my unsightly red bumps! I don&#039;t use any other medication, this is all I needed. For the first time in over 10 years I can leave the house without makeup on &amp; without feeling self conscious "
"Been on Cipro 2x &amp; Flagyl 3x for 7 days after diverticulitis attack.  Feeling hungry but don&#039;t want to eat.  Feeling lightheaded, a little nauseous at times, no energy, no ambition.  Flagyl taste is disgusting.  No way I was going to be able to take that 3x a day for 14 days so I cover it with peanut butter and then swallow (just like the dogs)!!  Pain was pretty much gone after a couple of days but hardest part is the bland diet and no or very little calcium.   Think some extra spicy hummus brought this on.  May have to give up the hot peppers."
"the alternative, which was 5 months of back to back Plan B, followed by a surgical abortion, which was followed by yet another dose of Plan B.

This is my first experience with birth control other than condoms. It&#039;s only been 2 months for me, but since getting paragard my sex drive is super high and I&#039;m really glad I did it. I spotted for 2 weeks after insertion. Then 2-3 weeks later, my period came. My first period was long- 2 to 3 extremely mind bogglingly heavy days, 3 normal days, and 5 extremely light days (spotting). No cramps though.

My insurance covered the entire cost. My only concern is I&#039;ll end up being part of the 0.8% that gets pregnant."
"I was 28 when my doctor wrote my first script.  I had just had to put my mother in a nursing home and that did not go well for her or for me.  And I had just take a job 350 miles from home.  I started with a white cap, a 1.0  mg.  It worked great for me, but some people had problems with that dose of 1 mg and the FDA said doctors could not write anything above .50, or two white caps, .25.  When I had to reduce my dose, it took me 6 months to get my body adjusted.  So, 31 years later, I am 59 now and have to have the .50 to sleep.  All my insurance companies thru the years would pay for the drug as a bandage for my problem, but would not pay a penny for drug treatment to get off the halcion.  Yes,I know I am hooked on halcion for life."
"I have been clean since May, and it is a beautiful thing. To think that I was a college student, learning all these things, and the only thing I knew was dope. I mustered up some courage and after talking to the campus councellor, I called a specialist. After a long night of no sleep and cold sweats among other nightmarish withdrawl symptoms, I dragged myself to the doctor&#039;s with my loving girlfriend beside me. My life spun 180 degrees that day and I never looked back."
"I am using Chantix and the gum. I am on day 12 of not smoking. I wasn&#039;t 100% ready when I started it, but being able to smoke for the first 7 days made it easier to try and less stressful about thinking about quitting.  My stomach felt a little sick for the first five days when I would take the medicine, but felt better as time went by.  I do dream a lot more than normal, but pretty much all good dreams, except for one and that was in the beginning. I haven&#039;t had any constipation problems or weight gain, but I have made sure to weigh everyday to keep in tune with that.  The first week or two I wanted to hide under the covers since I had just lost my best friend (Cigarettes), but it was the loss not the craving. I highly recommend it."
"2 weeks ago I thought my life was over with the diagnosis. My doctor let me know I am not alone and over 70% of people have human papilloma virus, its just a matter of who&#039;s body&#039;s can fight off the warts developing or not. I have been using Aldara for 2 weeks and have only minor side effects like a slight itching which not sure if just my brain thinking its bad or if it was. Apply to only the spots that need. I almost think those who complain of unreal side effects slathered this on without reading directions. The only other side effect which was odd was the first night I applied my heart rate was 100 beats per minute which was strange. Lesions have shrunk in size ten folds. I&#039;m just super pleased. I feel bad for those who cannot afford Aldara."
"I have been on only 3 types of medications for MS and this (Tysabri) is the best of the 3. I have been on it since June 2010 and have had no ill side effects! I started this medication with a different Dr but once I became JC positive he wanted me to switch to a different medication. I was not happy with the choices he gave me and he was very adamant that I needed to change medications.  I did some research about another MS Clinic and made an appointment there. My Dr now is still very careful with me and keeps taking blood tests every 3 months to monitor my JC number. Last month my number was .65 and as long as it stays below 1.5 he is Ok with me taking it. This medication makes me able to be my husband care taker!"
"I have been using this product for years and absolutely love it! In school I used to wear sweatshirts all the time, and sometimes I&#039;d even sweat through those. When I first started using this, it was Drysol, but there doesn&#039;t seem to be a difference between that and Hypercare. I hadn&#039;t used it for a couple of months before last night, and the burning/itching was almost too much to tolerate, but no sweating today. The negative about this product is that it now has a new sponge top that you apply yourself. When I went to push it on last night, I lost my grip on the bottle and dropped it, spilling most of the brand new bottle. How irritating! I wish it&#039;d come &quot;assembled&quot; as it used to."
"Removed tonsil was very painful. By chance I found that Tylenol 3 and aspirin combined to remove ALL pain.
I take aspirin regularly but it wears off in about 4 hrs. So my first T-3 acted in conjunction with the aspirin, then wore off. So I took another T-3 and nothing happened. I realized I needed another aspirin. 
I took another adult aspirin - the fire went away.
Then I called my Dr.
He said &quot;We know that but we don&#039;t rec it because aspirin causes some to bleed.
You&#039;ve been taking it a long time and you don&#039;t bleed.&quot;

Tylenol 3 will also stop a severe cough, where nothing else works, e.g., from bronchiectatsis."
"It was time to stop the use of pain meds. However,  I was terrified of the possible withdrawals &amp; I still needed something for pain. So my research pinpointed Suboxone as a positive option. The good seemed to outweigh the bad because I was also concerned about it itself becoming a problem.  So my pain dr agreeded it was a good option 4 me w/ so many issues (Fibromyalsia, Osteoarthritis,  PCOS, a botched c section incision w/ tramped nerves, a lower abdomen hernia, a torn achilles in left ankle, &amp; tendinitis in my left elbow, just to name a few!) The hardest part was going 24 hrs w/o meds. It ended up being 36hrs. I started it monitored in my Dr office 8mg/2mg films. No precipitated withdrawals &amp; I felt great. I feel like me again!  Lifesaver!"
"I have been put on all types of pain medication and this one does the trick of easing pain.  I am highly allergic to the non-steriodal anti-inflammatory drug family."
"I have been on Contrave one pill a day for 1 week and have lost 3 lbs so far.  No lasting side effects except a bit of nausea one day...not sure why.  I have not had a problem with constipation. I think because I make myself Almased protein drink for breakfast every morning. As for nausea, a friend has told me to take Maitake mushroom supplement.  It has been know to help nausea and weight loss."
"Took 4 pills for a grand total of 1000mg. No side effects, no b.s. - Im an entire 24 hours in and the burning has subsided by about %40. Sent an email to my doctor to ask about the appropriate time to retest, no response yet."
"Been taking benzodiazepines for near 10 years now. Started with 1mg of Lorazepam once daily, but it stopped working after about 2 years. I got prescribed Clonazepam 1mg twice daily.Worked like a charm for 5 years, then stopped having any effect. Still, Clonazepam is amazing compared to Lorazepam. This is an amazing medication. I was prescribed an up-dose (2mg three times daily, but I usually only took one pill a day or two, because 2mg is very strong). I was also prescribed Xanax to take along with Clonazepam due to having a panic disorder as well as generalized anxiety, but after about a year I decided that the Xanax was pretty useless (and tasted like wet chalk) so asked my psychiatrist to stop prescribing it. Just clonazepam. It&#039;s great."
"I read all sorts of horror stories and I was terrified of this medicine and what to expect. 1) the taste didn&#039;t bother me WHATSOEVER. I&#039;ve had cough syrup that tasted so much worse. It tastes like salty cherries, and I had no problems drinking it. It was almost pleasant. I chilled it prior to drinking and drank it like a beverage (mixed with water). 2) I experienced no nausea, no headaches, no cramping, none of the horrible side effects I read about. Just a faucet butt about 15 minutes after I drank the dose that lasted intermittently for an hour. Really not that bad. The anxiety was so much worse and really, there was nothing to stress about."
"Since I began taking 5 mg naltrexone at night, I fall asleep quickly, I sleep very well for 8 to 9 hours. I wake up refreshed and without pain.  I no longer take antidepressants, sleeping pills, anxiety or pain medication. My mental functioning is much better but not back to Pre-CFIDS standard. I don&#039;t have normal energy or drive but my life is so much closer to normal than it was a year ago, I have no complaints.  The only other medication I take is for high blood pressure. The only side effect I have is a slight headache when I wake in the morning but it ALWAYS goes away soon after I get up.  I would take this medication if the only thing I got from it was good quality sleep."
"Have been taking pradaxa for over 2 years. Only problems were bleeding when had teeth pulled. This was attended to. To resolve my
acid reflux I make sure I drink water after I take the pills. This corrected this for me. I take 2 pills a day."
"Many of us opt for cosmetics and other products to get rid of acne residues. There are many home remedies which have proven their effects on lightening these skin marks. Tomato and Lemon Juice: Take a %u201Cfresh tomato%u201D and make its paste. Mix it well with one tablespoon of lemon juice. Apply the paste on face for around 20 minutes and rinse it off gently with water after 20 minutes. Pulp of Aloe Vera: Let the pulp from Aloe Vera dry for 5 minutes in sun. Add 6-8 drops of lemon juice to it and apply on the affected area and face for 15 minutes. Onions: Cut the onion into small pieces. Grind those pieces and separate the juice from the residue.
"
"I have had severe bipolar and manic depression for ten years. I was diagnosed at age 14, and have tried countless other medications over the years, none of which helped me in the least. I&#039;ve been on lamotrigine for about 7 months now and I can honestly say this is the first time in ten years where I feel like I am myself again. This medicine has given me my life back. I cannot praise it enough and I strongly suggest anyone with similar conditions try lamotrigine. It has saved my life, quite literally."
"After getting into a car accident I fracturing my skull, broke my right arm, and dislocated 3 discs in my back. It led to 5 surgeries, and of course pain management. I got put on Opana 30 ER 2x daily, and Oxycodone 30mg IR 5x daily. The powerful Narcotics led to severe Nausea and Vomiting. I tried Zofran, Promethazine, Hydroxyzine, they worked, but not good enough. I finally got introduced to Ativan, got put on 1mg 3x daily. WOW is the best word to describe it. Now I&#039;m pain free with ZERO nausea, thanks Ativan!"
"I used this for a yeast infection and it really works. Before using this, I did a vaginal ph test to make sure I didn&#039;t have BV or some other sort of infection. Once I saw that my ph levels were fine, I proceeded with the monistat and used as directed. Yes, it itches like hell for a short while. And yes it does leak. I usually do it before bed and wear a panty liner. I try to do it when I&#039;m really sleepy or have taken a drowsy medication, to avoid being awake through the itchy phase. 
I see the comments that people have received chemical burns or other painful issues with this product. It may be that their ph levels are off and it isn&#039;t a YI that they have in the first place. I&#039;d advise you to use a vaginal ph first and go from there."
"Ever since high school, I&#039;ve had problems with having to go all the time. After almost 25 years suffering (and having gone to a urologist who found nothing), my PCP prescribed this. For me, it works even better than the manufacturer claims in its marketing."
"It worked very instantly, it was a great product. Then I stopped after 2 weeks and it came back straight away. So I had to take it until the entire season finished to prevent the allergic reaction coming again. The product is good except for the horrible leak that drips down your nasal path into the back of your throat."
"I&#039;m a 26 year old female and I started taking this medicine along with a fluid pill on 01/25/08. At my heaviest weighing 317 lbs, I tried everything under the sun and lost maybe 10 lbs maximum here and there, but it always came right back. When I began this medication I weighed 308 lbs. Its 07/16/08 I weigh 218 lbs. That&#039;s a 90 lb loss from the date I started and 99 lbs since my heaviest. I do excerise for around an hour several times a week. I eat almost anything I want just in small portions. I cry when I look in a mirror."
"I had OCD for 3 years. I could not sit down. I was eating while I was unable to concentrate on anything else than my thoughts. I would avoid going to the bathroom because I could not seat down on the toilet. In order to avoid my thoughts I was walking about 11 km per day. I would fall asleep thinking about something and in the next morning I would wake up thinking the same thing. I had the same exact thought for 3 days until something else stuck in my mind. I am taking 250 mg a day now and everything is good. The only think is that Coffee and Alcohol messes up the medication. One day after two coffees I had to take something else to calm my self down."
"The key to using Alli is that you must list everything you eat and not exceed the amount of fat per meal.  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects and am extremely pleased.  I lost 10 pounds before starting the program and hit a plateau, but since using Alli, I&#039;ve lost 27 more with only 13 pounds to go.  When I reach my ideal weight, I&#039;m going to continue the tracking, eventually weaning myself off of Alli, to be able to maintain my weight.  I don&#039;t expect a quick transition, but love the results.  I recommend trying it, but be diligent to follow the instructions for good results."
"I am on 10mg of Brintellix, and have been for approximately 2 years. This med is a miracle worker for me, I am more stable than I have ever been. However, as a result I experience severe nausea as well as projectile vomiting, if taken after a large meal it is not as bad; within the hour after taking the medication I either feel like I am going to vomit or barely have time to make it to the toilet before vomiting. This is the one negative of this medication, so I have had to choose to deal with this in order to keep the positive outcome in dealing with my MDD; my whole life has changed since starting Brintellix. Vomiting/Nausea is a small price compared to just not living."
"Exceptionally good product to relieve mild dermatitis symptoms. It has come in 2 part: a large bottle of liquid and a capsule of the active ingredient. If you are not going to use the product immediately, tell the pharmacist to NOT mix the products for you. The solution is good only for 3 months from the date of mixing."
"I am very much satisfied on the progressive action of janumet50/1000, my sugar which was above fasting- 200&amp; pp was 330, after taking janumet it came down to fp-96, pp-137...I take it twice a day, since my glucose levels are keeping normal ,will reduced the dose to 1500 per day."
"I have bpd, and it was a really rough start. My Dr had me on 27 different prescriptions in one year, and I was a total train wreck. Switched Dr&#039;s, and that one gave me a very high dose of benzos, and it almost killed me. Spent time in the icu for that one. Finally got the most amazing Dr now and he started me on gabapentin. It honestly saved my life.It is so hard to survive this illness when you cant get in under control. I had forgetten what it was like to be myself. I was angry and pissed off at everyone. It was so very hard on my husband and four little boys. I started with 300mg three times a day. The difference was amazing. I could smile and laugh. Thank you gabapentin for bringing me back!"
"I had a great experience on Ocella. My insurances does full coverage of it for me so it&#039;s free every month, huge plus! I was also prone ever since my first period, which was pretty late, I would skip months at a time and then have terrible cramps, periods, and awful moods. Prescription midol couldn&#039;t even provide me with relief. I got on a BC that caused me to gain weight even though I was dieting and exercising and stopped it. I then a few months later got on Ocella. I have my period every month and lasts about 4 days. It&#039;s pretty heavy with minimal cramps. I haven&#039;t gained weight but I can seem to lose any either but that&#039;s not really a problem for me at this time. No out of the ordinary mood swings, sickness, or tiredness."
"I started out like the person probably reading these reviews, your trying to be optimistic about this product.  I started wearing all black, my confidence was gone. And this continued on through High School. I&#039;d go play pool at a friends house or play Basketball at his house and I&#039;d wear sweaters or hoodies to hide the stains. I went through every antiperspirant known, I even tried shaving my pits. Then just last week I tried Drysol for the first time. That night I put it on, I instantly regained confidence. Only the next day, it didn&#039;t seem to work. First day of grade 11. Sure I was nervous. So I gave it a go again, and from there on out, I&#039;ve been dry. So give this product some time to work. I give you my word, this product will work."
"You have to find what works best for you with Linzess and when you do, you will LOVE this drug.  I&#039;ve had irritable bowel with severe constipation for all my adult life.  My insurance does not cover this drug yet I am willing to pay for it.  I have lost weight and no longer feel bloated all the time.  Before Linzess, Miralax was the only thing that even barely worked (after a few days).  Another commenter is right, if you take it more than 1/2 hour before eating (I wake up and take it in the wee hours of the morning or as soon as I wake up.)  The earlier you take it, the more the bowel movement will contain a lot of water as well.  A cup of coffee in the morning can jumpstart it."
"I was prescribed Champix by my doctor and started on the them on the 12th January. I had to pick a date as a quit date, I chose the 25th Jan. I was a heavy smoker for over 20 years and on 2 packs of 20 a day (awful) I am proud to say I am a non smoker after taking Champix for just 12 days. To me this medicine is a pure miracle, I have to finish my tablets which were to last for 14 days. I have had headaches and really bad dreams that have woken me but I can live with that, I have no cravings at all to smoke and the thought of it does make me feel a bit of nausea. I just pray this last&#039;s as it truly is a miracle medicine."
"Great! My daughter has had a cold and cough to the point of vomiting a few times. After the Dr checked her to make sure nothing serious, gave her this and she felt immediately better. Coughing and congestion significantly reduced. Bromfed is amazing and tastes good too (I always try anything I am going to give my children)."
"I see a lot of mixed reviews on this. It&#039;s obvious this drug is EXTREMELY helpful on some and on others its completely ineffective, and can even do harm. My suggestion is to try it out for a month. If you don&#039;t feel the effects of it, try it for another month and if you still don&#039;t then switch to another drug. If you start feeling agitated by it, get off it immediately. For me strattera has worked wonders. I am 18 years of age, and have noticed the effects after my 4th week of taking it. My mind feels clearer, and I feel more motivated to focus on things I would usually find boring. The effects are reflected in my ACT score: my score has gone up a whole 6 points since first taking it. I wholeheartedly recommend strattera to anyone with ADD."
"Seeks to be working well, had 3 teeth extracted, and my dentist prescribed this medication due to the slight swelling prior to the extraction, which has gone done down considerably, along with the major pain and pressure that accompanied it before."
"Ativan is wonderful for dealing with a stressful job, failing marriage, aging parents and restless leg. My doctor prescribed this medication for me so I can relax at night. I was well rested and the next day I felt more energized."
"Works well on me and my children. I have found it works in a few days. I have used it for chest infections and middle ear, and had great results with all my family."
"
In few words  - Life changing
All negative thoughts change to positive ones
And that is a life changing pill
I was born depressed really ,with a wierd point of veiw, very critic of everybody, now I am a happy ordinary guy with a beautifull family
Something I could not have achieved with out paxil, I take one every day for 23 years
The effects goes out just after a glass of wine , so be carefull , quiting the pill in a fast way will cause  &quot; rage&quot; yes , you would not recognized your self kind of rage so be carefull.
You ar"
"After only 3-4 days I was immediately better. I couldn&#039;t believe it because my doctor had put me on all sorts of medicines before this one and Buspar SAVED my life! The only side effect I noticed with it was that 30 minutes after taking it I was a little dizzy but it went away after a half hour and I was finally stress free with no panic or anxiety attacks."
"I have been on this pill for 3.5 years and it is my FAVORITE THING EVER. My periods are extremely light, I almost never have cramps or mood swings, and the only weight gain I experienced was welcome and came in the form of a cup size. I haven&#039;t had any problems during that time of the month or otherwise and overall, I think this is just a very nice, happy pill. I always use condoms because I&#039;m paranoid but I&#039;m scare-free also!"
"Wellbutrin was a miracle drug for me. The first time I ever remember experiencing &quot;normal&quot; was after I started taking it.  The only side effects I had were having vivid, movie like dreams, and losing a ton of weight. The dreams were so great, I didn&#039;t want to wake up, and the weight loss was a dream come true.  "
"I had the Mirena IUD placed in July of 2007, 6 months after my husband and I had our first baby. My doctor recommended it over the Paraguard. When the doctor was placing it, I was extremely uncomfortable. However, I felt back to normal after two days. There was mild spotting for the first couple of weeks, but that stopped. Then my period stopped. In fact, I haven&#039;t seen my period since 2007. I haven&#039;t felt any different since I had it placed. The only thing that could be a bother about this is the strings, it feels like fishing line. The doctor said the strings would soften over time and they did within the first year. I love Mirena!"
"I&#039;ve been on high dose pain medicines since 2001 and knew I had constipation as a side effect, but it wasn&#039;t until I was able to lose a large amount of weight that I realized just how backed up and bloated I was. I heard of this medication online and asked my pain management Dr for it. He had no issues giving it to me. It took me a couple weeks to get the nerve to try it because of the side effects I&#039;ve read, but I&#039;ve not had any. This medication has been a Godsend! It was recommended to use a laxative prior to help clean things out some, which decreases cramping from your body trying so hard to defecate. I now look forward to my injection every other day! I only need to go every other day because it works so well."
"I started Saxenda on April 1st. My starting weight was 249 and I am 205 today. I have no side effects at the 3 mg. dose because my body is used to the drug by now. You have to eat clean and small portions.No cheating!"
"I have been on Skyla for 8 months. I read many negative reviews that horrified me. I am VERY happy with my IUD! Inserting it hurt, and the next few days I felt like I was having a really bad period. I had minor spotting first month. I had a minor 2-4 day period the first three months. Since then my period has completely stopped. I have even lost the weight I put on from birth control pills, and my sex drive has increased. I sincerely recommend trying Skyla"
"If you&#039;re here looking for reviews of this pill that your doctor gave you like I was almost a year ago, I would advise you not to read through them and just try it out yourself. I read these reviews and was terrified of this pill but, for me, it honestly has made no difference in my life besides not being pregnant. The first couple of weeks I felt a little bloated, had some heart burn, and breast tenderness but these symptoms were not by any means terrible and 100% went away. Other than those first 2-3 weeks, I have experienced nothing aside from a normal day to day life and highly recommend this pill! Everybody is different though, so seriously, don&#039;t scare yourself reading reviews and just try it out yourself :)"
"It keeps me very stable. My only gripes are that there&#039;s a really bitter taste if it gets stuck to your tongue, the shape is ridiculous to swallow (It&#039;s like a pentagon lol) and my psychiatrist didn&#039;t know that there is more and more info coming out that suggests that it interacts with the birth control pill. My little one is 2 weeks old and she definitely wasn&#039;t planned. I took the pill perfectly too. Just a heads up :)"
"Bipolar, ADHD, OCD, etc. Many of the symptoms overlap and crossover into each other and others as well. Depression is found in each condition, and I find for myself that depression is by far the most debilitating condition of all. I first tried Paxil 12 years ago for depression and anxiety. The Paxil worked great. The side effects included a little nausea (which is basically eliminated by eating something with or soon after taking the med) and some sexual issues (which I believe can be negotiated after you get used to the Paxil). I quit taking it when I switched insurance and because of the perceived stigma I had with taking anything for conditions I didn&#039;t want to even acknowledge. Now I&#039;m back on it and will keep it up!"
"I&#039;m a 47 yr old overweight female.  I&#039;ve had high blood pressure my entire life but never cholesterol issues.  I went in for blood work in Jan. 16 and was shocked to learn my LDL-p (particle count) was off the charts at 2,800 (should be 700 range) and my LDL small particle count was 1,500 (should be under 500).  Additionally all my blood lipids were way out of range.  I was given 40 mg of atorvastatin but after reading how horrible statins were, I got scared and only took 1/2 daily.  I just got my labs redone and since January-April (3 full months), all my blood lipids are in normal, optimal range.  I did alot of research on the effectiveness of lower dose statins and have not had any issues with taking 1/2 my pill daily.  Results speak."
"This has worked wonders for me. I have been on it for just two weeks and it&#039;s amazing how different I felt by day 2. I was suffering with severe depression after a miscarriage and subsequent breakup and I couldn&#039;t dig myself out of a hole. I was dealing with that plus anxiety. I did experience an increase in my anxiety when the daily 150mg of Wellbutrin started to kick in so I started taking half of a .5mg of Xanax for a few days and now that feeling is gone.

I still get sad but I haven&#039;t cried since I started the medication and being in a better mood is very motivating and makes me feel really good."
"I am a Type 2 Diabetic who has lost 41 pounds in 3 months. Qysmia is extremely effective, having substantially lowered my desire for food. Side effects are dry mouth, heartburn, constipation, restless sleep and metallic taste to food. I would readily recommend Qsymia to you for weight loss. It works!"
"I was out on a very low dose for unexplained right upper quadrant pain. I can not believe the difference this has made. Not only for the pain, but I was also starting to go into depression because they can&#039;t figure out what is causing my pain. After being hospitalized my gastro recommended I try it along with getting into pain management. I very rarely have to take a pain pill. I actually went 2 weeks without a pain pill. I&#039;m very pleased with my results."
"I don&#039;t understand all the complaints about the taste.  Sure, it&#039;s not my favorite, but wasn&#039;t awful (maybe they didn&#039;t dilute as instructed). Slammed 16 ounces down like a frat boy at a party and bam! Started working fairly gently real soon."
"After being disgusted with my constant weight gain, I decided to try the Real Adipex-P and not  the generic version of it. The generic  gave me really bad mood swings and made my heart flutter a lot but the Real brand has worked totally different feeling. I began on June 9th at my all time high weight of 345.4. I have found that once I chose to eat clean and refrain from beef,pork, sodas, and anything white; I got a better outcome. I have to say that we are all different and any weight loss is a plus.  I am not boasting but I am happy to report that I weighed in today and I weighed 313.6!! That&#039;s a little over 30 pounds in 5 days shy of a month.  Ya&#039;ll,  we can do this. We must not give up and stop trying! I am striving for 150 pounds."
"The cream works wonderfully.  It is a little bit hot and you really feel the burn. The outcome is worth it but it is CRIMINAL how much the drug company charges for this medication!!!  It has been around since 1957 and in 2009 it cost $157.00 per tube, today it costs $2,865.00.  Absolutely abuse!"
"I have been on Belviq for eight months and have lost 59 pounds. Obviously my weight loss has been dramatic with little or no side effects. I am so pleased with the results of this medication."
"Prior to this product I was in a constant stage of constipation. I can recall a few times that I was so dry that it felt like I had a bad case of hemorrhoids blocking the exit. I literally believed that until I  tried using Prep H on it and determined that was not a hemorrhoid.

A life changer, the first time I used it I had bad stomach cramps for about 20 minutes. I raced to the bathroom and literally clogged up our system I had such a huge Bowell movement.

MY first few uses were  free samples from my pain management doctor. My  prescription insurance company refused to fill my prescriptions but luckily the manufacturer sales rep coordinated an appeal for me. 

It changed my life, I lost 40 pounds the first 3 months I started taking them"
"Today is my 4th day on the 4-week titration. I&#039;m starting the 25mg today. The first 2-days I felt a burning in the back of my throat. By the third day it was considerably less. On the the second day (12.5mg) I already began to feel the benefits of the medications. The pain had subsided and my energy was back! The extreme burning sensation in my upper back was gone. I&#039;m hopeful that this medication will help me return to work. I still have the pain in my hands. The only con is the excessive sweating primarily in the evening. I&#039;m hoping this will subside. On day two my head was drenched but I had energy and my pain level went from an 8 to a 4. I wil continue to update my progress."
"Wanted to share a positive story on here! I love the Paragard and recommend it to everyone I know. I am currently 21, got my Paragard inserted in July 2014 when I had just turned 19. Never been pregnant or given birth. I had never been on birth control because I didn&#039;t want to use hormonal birth control or take a pill everyday. Gyno prescribed Misoprostol to take before the process, which I believe really helped with insertion. The IUD failed to insert twice, but went through the third time, and I&#039;ve had NO problems since! Works perfectly with a steady boyfriend, I love the long-term use and no hormones. I highly recommend for young women who don&#039;t want to have children until their late 20&#039;s/early 30&#039;s!"
"I recently had a laparoscopic hysterectomy.  As some of you may know, anesthesia from surgery can cause the bowels to basically just stop moving.  Add to this the trauma of surgery in a nearby region, combined with taking narcotics, and I was MISERABLE.  It took 3 days for it  to work, but when it did it was a major miracle.  I did not realize constipation could be so bad you&#039;d consider that you might DIE.  Miralax not only works, but it does not give you the horrible sick cramps you get with stimulant laxatives.  Just the best ever."
"I have been dealing with mental health issues since I was about 19yr.s old and am 45 now. I have been on numerous medication, too many to count and I started taking latuda about 3 weeks ago. I also take trileptal, lamictal, litium, and prozac, and vyvance, and I can&#039;t begin to tell u how much better I feel. It just amazes me. I haven&#039;t snapped at anyone in a couple of weeks, my mood is the most stable its been in 20yrs. I actually like to be around people again. I&#039;m not full of hate and anger. I have dealt with some serious nausea, vomiting, and headaches so it is very important to eat at least the recommended amount of calories, and its much better if I take it at night. I am very grateful I was willing to try latuda. Thank u."
"I was not expecting Champix to work as efficiently but I am surprised by how effective it is. I&#039;m on my eighth week of taking Champix, and my fourth week of total quitting. I smoked as normal for the first two weeks, stopped smoking through the day, then got down to one or two smokes a day before quitting completely. It just seemed effortless.
The side effects have been interesting. My dreams have been very vivid but not disturbing. The nausea has been easy to manage by eating something like yogurt before taking, and constipation remedies are easy to find. I would recommend it to anyone, and indeed do."
"My Mom was diagnosed with Stage IV Non-Small Cell, Adenocarcinoma with EGFR Mutation, on December 26, 2013. She had a 8x5cm RUL mass and a 6x7cm L Adrenal mass.
  At the time of staging, her life expectancy was estimated to be around 2-4 months. She began Tarceva monotherapy within 2 weeks. Her next CT showed 25% tumor shrinkage. Her 6 month CT showed no new growth and 75% tumor shrinkage and necrosis of the RUL mass. The next two CT&#039;s were stable.
  Unfortunately, as the oncologist had warned us, the cancer no longer responded to Tarceva. She was started on Gilotrif and, over the next 4 months, it had further mets to her ribs and liver. She died April 30, 2015. 
  Tarceva gave me 14 precious months with my Mother. Tarceva was a miracle."
"I starting taking Zoloft after speaking to my doctor about my problems -- irritability, sadness, loss of sex drive, poor body image, etc.  She suggested we try this medication for one year at 50 mg a day.  Within 2.5 weeks, I started feeling better. I wasn&#039;t mad all the time and even managed to have sex again after a nine month hiatus. I felt much more confident and in control of my emotions. I even managed to lose 15 pounds and am still losing. I have experienced no side effects whatsoever."
"After 5 full days on Belviq I can assure you this is going to be a wildly successful product. It has made sticking to a diet of reduced portions and healthier foods EASY. I can now eat half what I used to and feel completely full. It has eliminated my compulsion to snack when watching tv or a movie and the results are already noticeable. I started Belviq weighing 227 and as of this morning I was at 222 (after only 5 days). I&#039;m not starving myself, just eating the amount I should have been eating for the last decade. The only side effects I have noticed thus far is being able to fall asleep faster and having a more upbeat and positive attitude in general."
"Been on it about 5 weeks. 300mg. No yeast infections. Yes peeing more, but for me it is a more normal amount. Before I had to force myself to drink, rarely felt real thirst,  and always felt I retained water especially from eating carbs. Now I drink more and pee more, but manageable. Once at night only.  The best thing I noticed is more energy and slow but sure weight loss on a more normal amount of food. Lost 8lbs so far and waking up in the morning is easier.  More energy means more exercise too. So far, so good. Love it, feel more normal like I did when I was younger"
"I have suffered from cold sores my entire life. Abreva is the only thing that works for me. It is a miracle drug! I also start taking L-lysine at the first sign of a cold sore. the two things in combination have turned me lifelong suffering into a barely noticeable minor irritation. The only complaint I have is the new pump bottle which dispenses more cream than needed. The medicine is too expensive to waste like that."
"My doctor prescribed Contrave for me after my annual visit early April 2016. Prior to this appt, I&#039;ve been trying to eat healthier &amp; exercise more. When I started, I weighed 264 pounds. Following the prescribed directions, I felt good the first 3 weeks with little to no side effects. On week 4, when the prescription changed to 2 pills in the morning &amp; 2 in the evening, the side effects came on &amp; it didn&#039;t feel right. I chose to lower the dosage on week 5 &amp; only take 2 pills in the morning. Since then, it has been great!  As of 08/01/16, I have lost 25 pounds &amp; feeling great.  I&#039;m glad that I made that change and continued.  I&#039;m very pleased with my outcome with this medicine and I love the ScaleDown program &amp; daily weigh ins."
"I have dealt with allergies all my life and have tried everything under the sun to stop the agony. This is the only drug that works 100%. It is also one of the cheapest. Highly recommended."
"I have been taking this medicine for a three years now. I have tried every antidepressant out there I think. This is the only one that works for me. Along with Abilify and Trazadone this has been a miracle worker for me. I have no side effects. The Trazadone helps with sleep and no nightmares. I wouldn&#039;t be around if it wasn&#039;t for Viibryd."
"This medication changed my life. I was diagnosed with subclinical hypothyroidism years ago and for five years I was on levothyroxine. Despite  taking it every day as recommended, I experienced no difference in my extreme fatigue, muscle aches, and constipation.  I was sleeping all the time. Exercise was a nightmare. No longer the energetic person I used to be. I basically wrote that off as my baseline. Then I started reading about different hypothyroidism treatments and beg my doctor to put me on Naturthroid. I now feel exactly how I am meant to - boundless energy  when I get up in the morning at all throughout the day, and as a result, my mood has dramatically improved."
"I started using phentermine on 9/29/2010. I had my first check-up on the 29th of October, and was surprised to see that I had lost an amazing 28 pounds in just 4 short weeks.  The only side effect that I have had is the dry mouth, which I almost consider a good thing because it allows me to drink the water I have always needed to drink.  I have been so tempted to go and buy a scale for the house just to keep up on my weight loss more, but I really like the surprise when I step on that scale at the doctors. This pill is an answer to my prayers and I would recommend it to anyone who is serious about wanting to lose the weight."
"I love it. I had gotten postpartum depression, it&#039;s helped me enjoy my baby the only side effect I have is takes longer to reach orgasm and little weight gain but not bad. "
"My experience is not specifically about strabismus but general eyesight improvement. I&#039;ve recently had my first round of Botox for wrinkles on the typical areas of forehead and eyes and after three days have noticed an incredible improvement in my reliance on my glasses. I generally have excellent vision but my eyes were constantly strained somehow and I could not function without the glasses. It&#039;s absolutely fantastic and should definitely be further investigated because just for this I am now hooked it is such a relief! Of course I am also extremely pleased about the aesthetic effect too."
"I am 15 weeks pregnant, and have been fighting hyperemesis since week 10.  I obviously don&#039;t want to take ANY medicines while pregnant, but the risk of not eating and drinking has become much worse.  I&#039;ve had 3 I.V.&#039;s.  I tried Unisom with B6, Zofran, even Phenergan.  Nothing touches the vomiting.  Reglan is the only medicine that will stop the vomiting AND allow me to eat and drink.  I take it only when I&#039;m totally desperate, but it is a miracle."
"For me, it clears up outbreaks within 7 days and is used as a control when the fungus tries to make a comeback.  The only drawback I have experienced is to my wallet.  Very expensive even after insurance."
"I started using the generic brand which the pharmacy gave me and had really bad side effects, such as feeling depressed, listless, crying all the time which I never do, then my doctor recommended I use the name brand Alesse. I&#039;ve been on it a month with no side effects at all. I feel great. I had no cramping and a lighter period. I feel happy and myself again. I&#039;ve tried a lot of other brands all with some side effects. For me this is a great birth control."
"I have been taking 120mg of Cymbalta, daily, since it was first introduced &amp; I couldn&#039;t be more satisfied with its results. I was diagnosed with severe, clinical, depression, approximately 15 years ago &amp; all antidepressants prescribed to me, prior to Cymbalta, worked for a year, before they completely stopped working for me. I&#039;ve tried every SSRI available &amp; the same thing would happen, every time, UNTIL Cymbalta became available. I have no negative side effects, never have, &amp; Im so very grateful for them."
"Like most people, I was extremely nervous about the procedure to get this birth control inserted. However, I was so done having to take an oral contraceptive everyday and just wanted something that was less of a hassle. After discussing different options with my OBGYN, we decided on NEXPLANON. It only took a week from talking with my doctor before the actual procedure. I had watched multiple youtube videos on the process and was extremely nervous. My doctor did an excellent job talking me through everything he did and I honestly didn&#039;t feel a thing. It was so quick and easy! I didn&#039;t have any bruising or side effects after the insertion. Its been a little over a month and nothing! Its awesome."
"I am 35 &amp; have suffered from an overactive bladder &amp; urethral inflammation for 19 years, voiding close to 20x during the night, &amp; sometimes over 50x during a flare. I was prescribed medication for I.C  for years, even though I insisted it was OAB. I took Amitriptyline that helped me sleep, but nothing that settled my bladder during the day, until I found mirabegron.  Immediately the symptoms stopped and didn&#039;t have to void for over 3 hours, absolute heaven! I feel normal! My advice, don&#039;t let anyone misdiagnose you, research your symptoms and try process of elimination until you find something that works. Make sure you read what counteracts with this med, as it could cause side effects, eg alcohol and flu tablets 4 me, that increased frequency."
"I first tried Bontril about 7 years ago when I went to a weight loss center. I lost 47 pounds and kept if off for about three years. I remember taking two pills 30 minutes before each meal. 354mg tabs and I was told not to take my last dose after 4pm due to it will keep you from sleeping. I also followed a high protein diet. I was like 190 pounds then and I think I got down to 147. but over the years I&#039;ve gained weight, had a baby and gained more weight. I&#039;m now 235 pounds and started taking bontril a week ago and I&#039;ve lost 4 pounds in a week, I was told to take 1 pill a hour before meals, I&#039;ve increased to 2 pills before breakfast and 2 before lunch and 1 in the evening and I have no appetite I have to make myself eat. I hope this continue"
"So I have always been a big girl! I have 3 kids and with each pregnancy there was added weight that just carried over and you know how the story goes...I pushed myself and my wants and needs to the side and took care of everyone but myself. The more weight I put on the more depressed I got. I got to 280lbs!!!! My body was in constant pain and discomfort and I knew I had to stop and do do something about it. I started the pills last year and lost a total of 125lbs!!! Not just the pills but I started the gym, did zumba 3 times a week and started eating good. The pills aren&#039;t the magic fix. They just help you kind of like a kick start. Sure I had side effects!!!! But nothing that would out weight being close to 300lbs."
"I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in April of 2011. After numerous visits with my doctor and exploratoy scopes, my gastroenterologist prescribed Asacol last September(2012) and he gave me a discount card to use when I initially filled my prescription for Asacol, so the monthly precirptions have been FREE! 

Since taking Asacol on a regular basis, my last scope revealed that ALL of my ulcertations have healed! Thank you, Asacol! You&#039;ve changed my life!"
"I took plan B within a few hours of a condom breaking. No side effects at all. Not even the slightest cramping. I did go poo 4 times in the first 3 hours after taking it which is unusual for me but may have been a coincidence."
"This has a been a wonder drug for me.  I have been taking it along with a low dose of Wellbutrin for 3 weeks and I don&#039;t think I have ever felt better in my life. I noticed an improvement within a few days. No problems sleeping."
"Consistently effective to prevent daytime onset of cluster headache if taken between 5-6AM if prodromal. Works for approximately 22 hours at 2.5 mg single dose. Cost of 1 pill is now prohibitive at more than $50. Generic naratriptan 2.5 mg as Naratrex can be purchased overseas for 53 cents!"
"I&#039;ve been on painkillers for a week and a half including codeine and tramadol, so I&#039;ve been really backed up which led to more pain. I&#039;ve been suffering with a severe kidney infection and a burst ovarian cyst. I took two tablets at 9pm woke up at 2:30 with cramping quite severe but to be honest nothing worse that the pain I&#039;ve been in with my problems anyways. Feels great to have a  BM yeah it&#039;s pure liquid but that&#039;s what a laxative does. I would recommend if it&#039;s severe constipation you have especially the type codiene gives you!"
"The 45 minute infusion was a piece of cake.Take my calcium and vitamin D faithfully as you need it for the reclast to work. No side effects,no pain. "
"I&#039;m 17 and have been using the Ortho Evra Patch for about 2 years now, I absolutely love it!! It helped out my periods a lot! Before I was on the Nuvaring and I hated it compared to the patch! It&#039;s so easy to remember and easy to apply! It just looks like a nude color band aid, I just apply it to my butt cheek so no one can see it. The first few weeks I had some problems, but after I&#039;ve never had another problem with it! I highly suggest it! And it definitely prevents pregnancy!"
"I have had this over a year now.  It is truly great so far!  Nothing but a spot or two once a month and no cramps!  Hey,  I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant either,  so it must be working!  I found the FEAR of insertion was much worse than the actual insertion.  Now I feel my arm every once in a while and check on my little friend."
"Well I went to the ER, they diagnosed me with gout. They gave me a prescription that was $45 for 20 pills! Pharmacist told about Aleve. I bought it for $7.99/100 pills. Best choice ever, no regrets"
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in March 2008 and immediately put on Lyrica.  I went up to 100mg and over the course of 6 months, gained 40 lbs.  I tried natural remedies with no help so I went back on the Lyrica.  I was blessed to be a part of a Fibromyalgia group at University of Michigan and got to meet and be examined by the head of their Neurology department who advised me to try Cymbalta.  He sent a detailed report to my doctor and I began on 30mg at night.  That was 4 months ago.  I have my life back- without the crazy eating binges!  I just recently had to bump up to 60mg daily. What a great drug!  I had mild itching the first two nights, but now I don&#039;t experience any of the side effects.  The only problem is losing weight."
"This pill is awesome. I&#039;ve taken it for about 2 and 1/2 years now. No side effects when I first started either. I haven&#039;t had a period since but I&#039;m okay with that. I highly recommend this pill to anyone looking for a low dose birth control."
"I was addicted to any type of pill I could possibly find, from oxycodone to roxy and everything in between. My addiction ruined everything that I held precious to me and it lasted from the time I was 16 till I was 20. I withdrew cold turkey for a week and then finally got put on Suboxone. I was taking 3 8mg strip a day for 2 years. I have finally been off of it for almost a year now. The hardest part was coming off the Suboxone it took me about 6 to 8 months to completely come off of it. And slowly but surely I am now going to be 3 years sober. Suboxone saved my life and gave me everything back that I have ever wanted and more. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is having problems with addiction. It was truly a God send."
"I was on Effexor for over 10 yrs. I finally got off this in Dec. 2013 and as of today, July 2015, I&#039;m still having those brain zips several times a day. Last July, I started with a vibration and severe pain in my feet. It&#039;s all nerve connected and I think it&#039;s from long term use of Effexor. This medication works great for depression but the side effects are not worth it."
"I now have been on this medication for 7 months, I have lost 40 Pounds and no longer have to take cholesterol lowering medicine. I sleep better, have NO hot flashes and feel I have my new lease on life. I&#039;m wearing skinny jeans! The only side effect has been some increased thirst. I drink more water, not a bad thing either. "
"My doctor offered me Contrave, and I started taking it on Nov. 10, 2015,  I weighed 175 ibs but I am only 5 ft tall and small boned.  So I really need to get down to at least 115-120 at the most.   I have been on it for three weeks now and so far I&#039;ve lost 11 lbs.  and I am on a low carb diet.  I feel better, and my appetite is deminishing, some of the side effects I noticed is dry mouth, constipation, a slight headache but I believe it will go away, it is tolerable.  I have tried so many things in the past and never could really stick to anything, the doctor said my cholesterol is high and so I am doing everything I can right now eating wise to get it to come down, I am going to give myself 6mths on this diet and scale down program."
"I have been type 1 diabetic for 28 years diagnosed at 12 years old, have been on insulin 28 years, 6 years on a pump.  I joined a research study in Nov. 2014, to test Invokana on type 1 diabetics to see if it could help type 1&#039;s.  I am so amazed and happy with this medication!  I have cut down on my insulin a lot, only 9 units of basal for the day!  I lost 6 pounds.  I feel and look great lots more energy.  Yes there is a genital itch problem, I also had hives, which I believe it worth it for great blood sugars and weight loss.  Lucky I am born and raised in Canada where our health insurance covers the cost completely."
"I have been prescribed several maintenance medications to control my COPD over the past 4  years. Ventolin has proved to be, by far, the best medication I have used. Very quick acting &amp; reassuring."
"My HbAC1 was at 8.5 and I tried many medicine for 4 years and without great success.   I started using Victoza 7 weeks ago.   First 2 weeks, I used 0.6mg and it did not do much for me, hardly noticed the difference.    I increased to 1.2mg the following week.   I try to remember, but I did not remember much side effect.   I did have bruising at the injection site about 4 times, if you even call that side effect.   The morning blood sugar came normal around 7.2.   I lost only 2 kilograms(4 lb) for the fist 30 days.    On the fifth week, I went to 1.8mg.   Now I really start to feel there is no appetite.   I eat every 2 hours for some fruit or other little snacks.   Now, I do have trouble sleeping, but I can live with that.   a total 9lb now"
"I have developed a severe allergy problem this year. I&#039;ve been put on several different antihistamines and Astelin is by far the most effective. Since it is a nasal spray it&#039;s instant relief! I&#039;m so glad my doctor put me on this. I can finally breathe again. If you have problems with congestion from allergies I would strongly recommend talking to your doctor about Astelin."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon in since October 07 - brilliant. For the first 6 months I had bleeding/spotting. For the second 6 months, I got my period for 2-3 days every 2-3 weeks. However since January 09, no period at all (whoppee!). I actually lost 4-5 pounds after getting it in due to the constant bleeding. My libido has fluctuated a bit every now and then (very very high just after I got it put in, and somewhat lower at the moment).  I have several friends who also got it inserted: 3 had similar experiences to me, another had it removed due to anxiety/ depression (but bear in mind she was only 16 at the time which I think would be a bit young to get it!), and another had it removed due to bad acne. Everybody&#039;s different, it&#039;s worked for me though."
"I am almost 46 and for 30 years have tried everything for chronic hormonal acne (antibiotics, Accutane, all the skin care lines, Retin A).  This medication has been a miracle for me.  I still get little blackheads / small pimples around my menses, but are barely noticeable. I continue on with my Retin A treatment which helps that. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects.  I do watch my potassium intake (no bananas)."
"I have been using Zyrtec for more than 15 years. It perfectly helped me get rid of my chronic idiopathic urticaria. When I don&#039;t take the pill, the next day, itching starts. Also, I can&#039;t sleep well in case I forget to take my pill at night."
"I&#039;ve had 2 children so the insertion could be described as a mild contraction feeling. Got through it. Take pain mess before and after insertion and plan to take a few days off. Bad cramps and spotting for about 6 weeks but then I&#039;ve not even had a period now and it&#039;s been almost 6 months. So happy with it and acne a bit more but no horrible side effects and it&#039;s been wonderful to know I&#039;m not going to get pregnant unplanned again. Takes the worry away and no periods really rocks!"
"Love love love this drug. It has normalized my sleep, though the initial morning grogginess was hard to deal with. However, this side effect went away after the first month or two. I&#039;m at 300mg and it has normalized my moods and has mostly gotten rid of my anxiety. The only downside is that it causes some pretty extreme &quot;munchies,&quot; which does lead to some weight gain. May also have contributed to my pre-diabetic condition."
"I have been struggling with my weight for a few years now.  I was more and more depressed and my anxiety was through the roof with all the weight I was gaining.  My doctor offered me phentermine and because of all of the things I have heard about it I said no.  About 6 months went by and I was continuing to gain weight.  I finally gave in and decided to give it a try.

Thank goodness I decided to try it for myself and not listen to what I had heard.  I was very afraid to try it because I do have major anxiety.  I tired it on a Sunday when I didn&#039;t have to be at work.  It was such a great decision.  I have not experienced any of the side effects except my breath isn&#039;t the greatest.  I have been taking it for almost 2 months.  It has helped me lose weight"
"Okay, so the insertion of this thing sucked, and the 1-2 months following also sucked. It was painful, I basically had a period for a month, and would have very regular spotting. My sex life was a little off as a result, but my husband was ok with that. 6 months later it was all worth it. Almost no period at this point, still cramp during that time - but nothing that can&#039;t be managed. My moods are balanced and I&#039;m so happy I did it. Everyone&#039;s experience is different, but I highly recommend Skyla is you have heavy periods. This did exactly what I needed it to, and my husband is pretty happy about not having to worry about condoms anymore. It&#039;s makes &quot;being in the moment&quot; a lot more fun :)"
"I got this inserted on December 8th 2011, switched from Mononessa (the pill). On the 10th started a weird brown discharge until the 14th when it switched to a regular period which wasn&#039;t heavy at all. That period lasted until the 20th, and then I had the discharge for another 2 days. Ever since I haven&#039;t had cramping, mood changes, weight gain, acne..anything, and it&#039;s been a month from insertion. I could be jinxing it but so far its amazing. I even got my sex drive back.  

When I got this I was wondering if weight had anything to do with how well it worked for your body. I&#039;m 5&#039;6, and 105 pounds. Maybe the Implanon is more potent in my body since I&#039;m smaller."
"I have had three pregnancies and with the first two the morning sickness was bearable enough without medication. This time around I have had trouble making it to work and have been constantly miserable, nauseous and dry heaving. I took my first Zofran last night and the only complaint I have is that I wish it was non-drowsy. I almost fell asleep at my desk today. However, I will take drowsiness over nausea any way. Thank you Zofran."
"I have had PTSD and anxiety disorder for about 15 years.  I felt like I was  falling off of a building and at night time I would have bad nightmares from past things.
This is the only things that I can take that relieves it without making me tired in the day time.  I haven&#039;t had to raise my dose in the last 6 years I have taken it.  Actually I take the generic form alprazolam."
"I have had wegeners since April 2008.  Medications of prednisone, cyclophosomide, and methotrexate were successful in slowing down the disease. However I still had flareups a two three times yr requiring hospitalization and the resumption of heavy doses prednisone till better, then had to taper back off.   In June 2013 I again was back in hospital and in Sept 2013 I started on Rituxan getting 2 doses 2wks apart &amp; again six months later.  I only take 5 mg of prednisone a day and remain on methotrxate 20mg once per week.  I have eliminated hospital visits &amp; have enjoyed life much more. I am just finishing this month my 2 dose shots &amp; now looking in 6 months reducing it to one dose every six months and reducing my methotreate to 15 mg .Side effects minor"
"I was suspicious at first. But  i decided to try it out.
Withen the first week I had lost 5 pounds and it give you a boost of energy like you wouldnt believe. hopefully this last for a while and body doesnt get used to it quick. kind of the nature of these things."
"I have been on Saxenda for about 2 months now. I am down 17Lbs. I noticed constipation when I increased my dose to the highest one. .3. Im grateful my insurance covers it. I pay 30.00. I continue to exercise and drink plenty of water. I go back to docotr jan 2017. I started out at a weight of 265 im 249 now. "
"Although everyone&#039;s body reacts differently to each birth control, I thought I would still share my experience. I had a really bad experience on Lutera, so my PCP prescribed me Nuvaring. She explained that it is absorbed through my blood verses the Lutera which was absorbing through my stomach (if that makes any sense). None the less, I agreed to try it and cannot be any happier! I have been taking it for about a week now and have no side effects as of now! It is super, just insert and once its in, you cannot feel a thing. I am so happy with experience, that I had to share! Hope this be useful to someone!"
"Last report was 10/29.  Been on saxenda 10 weeks - down 24lbs (goal is 28lbs), dose has stayed at 1.2.  Tried 1.8 for a day but felt nauseous. Before saxenda my cravings for bread, sweets and a glass of wine after work almost every day were awful.  Following my doctor&#039;s diet and using saxenda - cravings barely exist.  Only 1 glass of wine in 10 weeks and a few pieces of Halloween candy twice.  Before saxenda I would&#039;ve finished the bag.  I use miralax every other day and feel a little more tired than usual, but no major problems.  A bit afraid of what happens when I reach my goal soon, but the saxenda experience with little to no cravings has really made me think about my behavior and the triggers that make me want to eat for no reason."
"I&#039;ve been taking rosuvastatin for about two months now and had a blood test taken after five weeks on it. Overall levels went  from 266 to 147, LDL 169 to 73, HDL 48 to 44, and Trigs from 250 to 150. I didn&#039;t really make much effort to change diet as I wanted to get a good idea of what the drug was doing on its own. I will make necessary diet changes and try to get the numbers down a bit more so that I can either take the medication less often or perhaps switch a lower dose. Fortunately, I&#039;m not experiencing any adverse side effects. Seems to be a pretty effective drug if you can tolerate it."
"This is a MIRACLE DRUG for me! Within 1 hour of taking 100mg I felt the fog lift! The productive part of my brain started working again. I actually got up and starting doing things, instead of laying in my bed anxious and overwhelmed about EVERY part of my life. I started only 3 days ago and this is the best 3 days I have had in years (I&#039;m 33), with the exception of the time I spent on Phentermine for weight loss. I also take 50mg of Trazodone at night and have been on that for most of 4 years. I was still depressed and increasing Trazodone to 100mg made me exhausted. My ADD hyperfocus was beginning to take over my life, but WOW what a difference using this NDRI had made! SSRI&#039;s made me suicidal and caused me horrible panic attacks."
"I have been taking  citalopram for a year.  I take 20 mg tablet once a day.  I also have Crohns Disease.  It was my family that urged me to do something about my mood swings. They and I have noticed a tremendous diffence in me.  I love the way this medicine makes me feel like me again."
"I was addicted to Heroin for almost three years. I tried everything from Suboxone to methadone to tapering and even cold turkey but Subutex was the only thing that worked. Subutex has truly saved my life."
"I love these. My fianc&eacute;e has been struggling with intense constipation. She hasn&#039;t had a bowel movement other than a few bunny poops in two weeks. We finally decided to do the enema. The top is incredibly easy to push it. She said it was s tiny bit uncomfortable but didn&#039;t hurt. I squeezed about 1/4-1/2 into her rectum, at times slowly and other times quickly accidentally before she screamed to take it out and rushed to the bathroom. She&#039;s been having a successful bowel movement for ten minutes! That&#039;s how much was impacted. And it only took three minutes of this enema to get it out!"
"62 yr male, with low Testosterone, erectile dysfunction problems. Blood pressure was 147/90. Tried Lisinopril, very allergic with much sinus drainage and cough it took 3 months to get rid of. Controlled blood pressure well, and actually relieved erectile dysfunction problems. Had to go to amlopidine which controlled BP and had no side effects but complete sexual dysfunction, so went to Losartan. No side effects, 50 mg has my BP at 117/70 and again, notably relieved ED problems and enhanced sex life. "
"This product works great for me. I can&#039;t figure out why so many women can&#039;t get the applicator out of the foil packaging????? Really??? Cuts? Losing the little tablet??
I have no problem whatsoever."
"Several years ago my life long difficulties with startles escalated to classic hyperekplexia.  After some research, my suggestions to both a geriatric psychiatrist and movement disorder specialist agreed to try Klonopin ... .5 mg twice/day.  Worked fine to decrease intensity and frequency of &quot;attacks.&quot;  I also have dystonia and as the cervical &quot;storms&quot; increased, they increased Klonopin to .5 three times a day.  Helped some but does not extinguish the disorders ... nothing will.  One just has to avoid the &quot;triggers,&quot; if possible."
"Started using the product several years ago.  Have re-ordered several times.  Have been to two other doctors in past 5 years who were not familar with Bensal, however they wrote a prescription when I told them of my experience."
"Started taking Victoza at minimum dosage and my blood glucose has gone down from the 180&#039;s to between 110 and 140.  I have also lost 4 pounds in just about a week...but diet and exercise is part of the regimen.  No side effects, and looking forward to continued glucose health!"
"When I first started using contraception, I was put on the pill and it really messed with my emotions, plus I&#039;d end up forgetting to take it every day, so I tried Implanon. During the first year of insertion, it did cause my periods to become heavier, longer and less predictable. However, after a few months, they lessened to the point where I no longer had a period anymore (huge bonus). Anyway, I&#039;d highly recommend implanon as a form of contraception and will continue to use it myself. Hope this helps!"
"I have taken Levaquin on various occasions for uti.I never really had side effects after only a week of it. The improvement in the infection was pretty rapid and remarkable. In 2 days I felt better than I had in 3 months, so I was suffering from this uti off and on for awhile. Doxycycline and Keflex couldn&#039;t touch it.   I consider Levaquin the gold standard for a uti. Unfortunately this time I had a kidney infection as well, so I was really miserable.
However, if you take Levaquin for several weeks you can have tendon and muscle problems.
but my gosh, you have to get rid of the infection or you&#039;ll die. so I recommend this over Cipro. Cipro sometimes has to be taken again. I always recommend Levaquin to people."
"I had migraines from when I was about 17 y/o and now I am a Senior. I was started on Cafergot, 2 to start at the beginning of a headache and then one every 1/2 an hour but no more than 6 pills/headache.  Then the doctor added a pain pill and later on a Xanax. The combination worked very well but the headache neurologist suggested one medication per day to keep the headaches away. He started me on Bellermine. But it didn&#039;t do what he expected. There were some side effects I didn&#039;t like. Unfortunately  he passed away so I had to find another headache neurologist. In NYC we have  lots of doctors to choose from. I found one who listened to my story. At the end of my story he prescribed Methergine.  I haven&#039;t had a headache since the late 1990s."
"Librax saved, saved, my life!  After suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome- Constipation, for about 30 years, and all sorts of anti-spasmodics that did nothing... whatsoever, my Dr. Prescribed Librax. I only have to take one pill at the first signs of that old familiar gut wrenching pain and it all melts away in about 20 mins. I don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"I&#039;m at the end of my 3 years and I&#039;m ready to get another one inserted. It&#039;s been a dream so far though my results aren&#039;t typical. I have only had one period since having the Implanon insertion which is amazing. The insertion leaves you a bit sore and makes showering a little tricky but it&#039;s only for a few days. I am a little scared for the extraction but you don&#039;t feel any pain because they numb you."
"I was diagnosed with bacterial vaginosis after having cold coagulation following an abnormal smear. I had a bad odour and swelling of the abdomen. My doctor prescribed me metronidazole 400mg twice a day as well as co amoxiclav 500/125mg three times a day.

I found after taking the first few doses I felt quite drowsy and tired and I expected this as metronidazole is such a strong antibiotic, I felt a loss of appetite but carried on eating as normal and taking the tablets whilst eating.Once I was on the 2nd day I started to feel quite nauseous but soon found this to be if I allowed myself to get hungry so defo take this tablet with food! The odour was gone by day 3 and so did the side effects! A wonder drug! :-)"
"My experience. Man I&#039;ve used heroin since I was 16 years old. Finally found suboxone 7 years ago. Started at three 8 mg strips a day. I still used here and there. Two years ago I was put on zubsolv having weaned myself a lil over the years I was put on an 8.6 a day equal to a 12 and never used since being on it. I feel great, make 80 grand a year, have no side effects besides my teeth but now have implants. The world is an awesome place. Zubsolv saved me. I was still using 4 out of 7 days with the strips now I won&#039;t even answer my phone to old drug friends. It&#039;s a whole new life"
"The brand shown worked very well for me.  Would only need one when in pain during the night.  I can manage the days but at night without this it would be no sleep and pacing all night  . Even a half worked well sometimes but other times I would have to take the other half. I suggest taking as little as possible to just ease the pain and nothing more."
"Like many others, have suffered from tension and/or migraine headaches since I was a child (age 7 or so).  My mother and father both had histories of tension and/or migraine headaches.  I was prescribed initially fiorinal, around age 15, and then changed to fioricet by my neurologist due to upper gi problems (gerd).  Until I had this medication prescribed,  my life was controlled by my headaches.   I can remember as a teenager, feeling that I couldn&#039;t be away from home for very long due to fearing a headache would come on.   No child or adult should have to feel that way!   I wish that all the physicians who are uncomfortable prescribing this medicine would read these comments!  Thank you."
"i have always been scared of public speaking. I usually experience sweaty hands, flushed face, and worst of all a shaky voice. I&#039;m in my first year of college and had a presentation assigned. I was nervous for months before the day I had to present. a week before the presentation, I talked to my doctor and was prescribed 20mg. I took one an hour before my presentation. I still felt nervous leading up to the presentation and even when I was up front. but once I started speaking, I realized my voice wasn&#039;t shaking despite how nervous i felt! I couldn&#039;t believe it, I could speak normally through the whole thing. I still experienced sweaty hands, but that doesn&#039;t really bother me anyway."
"Fantastic medicine! I have insomnia, depression and anxiety. Helps me fall asleep and sleep hard all through the night. I wake up feeling refreshed. This pill gives me lots of energy. Imy back on my bicycle and hitting my home gym daily. I feel confident in myself for the first time and almost feel guilty for not having constant self depreciating thoughts. Thankful God has given me powerful healing in this medicine. A tool against the devil, I no longer hear his lies so much. Living happily "
"I have extremely bad coughing spells at night. So my doctor prescribed Codeine cough syrup which surprisingly did not help because it is a pretty strong cough medicine. So instead he prescribed Tussionex for me. The medicine worked great! The only thing I don&#039;t like is it made me sleep all day long and the next day I could still feel it in my system but I know I could have probably slept for 2 days straight off of the small dose he prescribed. He told me to do &quot;Take 1 teaspoonful 2 times a day&quot; I only did one and it made me feel very tired. But it does A GREAT job with suppressing the cough."
"I am writing a review on the insertion of this product. I am 22 years old and have had two C-sections and never been dilated once. The insertion feels no more than a Pap smear and was just a little bit of pressure. I did not experience any pinching or cramping and almost decided not to get it because of all of the scary reviews. Since I had Skyla placed about seven hours ago I have not had any  cramps whatsoever. Just a little bit of bleeding. Also I am breast-feeding and so far so good I will write a review further down the line to see how I like it I highly suggest it so far as the insertion was a breeze and I was petrified to even go forward with it !"
"This medication so far has been working quite well for me. I just finished my first 2 week dose today and I am down 16 pounds. The first week felt like I was starving with the diet the nutritionist had put me on , but into the second week that faded away and I was satisfied with my smaller portions. I had less interest in food and felt fuller faster. Tomorrow I will begin the the next dose up of the medication and I am looking forward to seeing how much weigh loss is in store for me. I was told by the doctor today that the medicine is designed to help you lose 5 percent of your total weight loss. So my next visit with her she expects another 10 pounds which will put me at 26 pounds in 6 weeks that is more than what she originally expected"
"I had been backed up for at least half a year when things went from bad to worse. The last two months, I was lucky to go once a week. My stool was so hard and big that it hurt to much to go. My doctor prescribed Miralax to me and it started to work a little. Then, she recommended I take two cap fulls in two cups of water instead of one in one. After a day or two, I went to go and it literally went from 100% bad to 100% great. I was not only able to go but it didn&#039;t hurt at all. It was so amazing to finally not be in pain that I literally cried. I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone with that kind of constipation."
"My mother gave this to me as a kid and I had not taken it for probably 30+ years.  I was horribly sick with the flu and had someone pick some of this up for me and it still managed to do the trick.  The secret is to lie still and don&#039;t take any food or drink in for an hour or so.  Works wonders."
"I have used Xanax since 1996. I love it. It has saved my life so many times, I can&#039;t count. I have gone through different times in my life, where I had to take 9mgs a day just to survive the panic attacks. My attacks come in cycles. I have had them since 7 years old and I am now 39. I am so tired of them and feeling them. I had a big one today as a matter of fact. I am going through withdrawl of getting off of Lexapro. I am never without my Xanax though. Simply carrying it around helps keep off the panic attacks sometimes. If I hadn&#039;t had it, I would have been put away or had killed myself long ago, because having panic attacks is no way to live."
"I&#039;ve been using Ambien (10mg) for about 2 months and it works great. I suggest going straight to bed after taking it. Also, give yourself 7-8 hours of time to sleep. Ambien knocks me out in 15 minutes and I sleep about 9 hours. Feel great when I wake up. I can&#039;t turn my mind off when I go to bed so it has been a big help. I&#039;m 54 and this is the 1st medicine I&#039;ve taken on a regular basis so I was nervous about taking Ambien at first. It has been great."
"My boyfriend and I had sex we used protection but after we finished we realized that the condom broken so we went to the nearest store and bought Plan B.  I took it during the 24hour period and I had hardly experienced any of the side effects. Then I had to play the waiting game and that was really miserable but I was supposed to start the 26th but it didn&#039;t happen so I started thinking I was pregnant my boyfriend and I  started worrying but then it came today so it worked for me I hope it works for you"
"I&#039;m on my second implant and I&#039;ve been a huge fan from day one. I didn&#039;t have a period before I got my first implant because of a combination of being thin and previous BC and I never got a period after it was implanted until just recently (4.5 years after first implant). I never spotted or anything. The first period I had recently (legitimately first period I&#039;ve had in ~8 years) was completely normal. No cramping, nothing crazy. I know most people hate this thing but I can&#039;t complain, just wish it lasted longer since it won&#039;t be free anymore soon (thanks trump). The only thing I worry about is scar tissue forming from inserting and removing the stick in same area on arm but it hasn&#039;t been an issue yet."
"I have used this medication successfully for years. Initially I used it daily for a few weeks, then tapered down to 3 times a weeks, then only 3 days in a row for flare ups. I haven&#039;t used any for 3 years until just recently when I had a flare up. After one dose the redness decreased and no new pustules. The only side effect has been yeast infection when I take higher doses, i.e., twice a day for 5-7 days, but I have not found that I need to do that. I can usually take 50 mg, once a day for 3 days, then I take a dose every other day for 3 days. By then the pustules have resolved and no yeast infection."
"Epiduo is the only thing that has worked for me. I had pretty bad acne for two years in highschool. I tried lots of things (proactive) but finally After begging my mom finally purchased epiduo and it was a life saver. For the first month and a half it really dried out my skin and didn&#039;t seem to help much at all, but soon after that I saw a complete transformation in my skin. I no longer have acne like I used to, to this day. But even the weeks that I&#039;ve eaten terribly and slept in my makeup all week (I know I need to stop this). My &quot;acne&quot; is only a few very small pimples that are hardly red. All my friends love it too! Highly recommend this"
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft 100mg for about 6 months now, it really has changed my life. Before medication, I wasn&#039;t leaving the house, had very little social contact and my anxiety was through the roof. Zoloft has been amazing for me, my mood has improved and I&#039;m getting out of the house and keeping in touch with friends and family. I still have my bad days and also feel groggy most mornings but other than that I&#039;ve had great results while taking Zoloft."
"Opana ER is the 1st ER medication that I&#039;ve tried that actually works for an extended period of time. And I&#039;ve had to try many for my severe back and neck injuries. One 20mg pill will last at least 8 hrs, and I work long 16 hr days so that&#039;s a very good thing. I highly recommend it for people with severe problems/injuries. I definitely wouldn&#039;t recommend it for just mild to moderate pain problems or acute problems. Most ideal for people with chronic severe injuries who also work a lot."
"I have been taking for four months. Have not had a period the entire time. No other side effects. Im not concerned im pregnant, so have not taken any tests. I have two children and am not experiencing any pregnancy symptoms. A back up method was used for the first three months"
"Update: checking in on week 5 at 300mg of generic XL made by Par Pharmacuticals. 
I can&#039;t say enough positive things about this medicine. I have had practically no bad side effects except a slightly more noticible &#039;ringing&#039; in my ears. It is not bothersome and I only notice it it complete silence. On the plus side is virtually a new outlook on life, absence of any sad or hopeless feelings, reduced anxiety, tons of all day energy, focus, and enthusiasm, increased libido, desired weight loss and a shift in personality. I feel like I did when I was younger and full of hope, plans, and happy to greet the day. My jobs are more fulfilling, relationships improved, confidence restored. People notice! I had no idea I was that depressed. Amazing!"
"I&#039;ve been stepping up and up since I was diagnosed with asthma. First it was just Ventolin, then we added Clenil Modulite, then Seretide 50/25 at Christmas, up to Seretide 125/25 a few weeks later, adding in Avamys nasal spray for hayfever and Acrivastine for hayfever and Type 1 latex allergy, then finally adding on Montelukast.

Sadly, unlike some of the other people on here, I haven&#039;t been able to get down to just Montelukast. However, I&#039;d say it&#039;s a miracle pill! I play ice hockey and overnight I went from tight chest and coughing and wheezing after hockey (I have CVA so wheezing is weird) to being totally fine. I still struggle if I max out, so I have to change out regularly but I play forward so that&#039;s easy enough. 

It&#039;s just great!!!"
"I started with victoza in feb  for diabetes. It made an amazing difference in my sugar numbers. I also cut out 95 percent of sugars i was (over)eating.  Between the two  I&#039;ve lost 50 pounds in about 4 months. (i cut out sugar in january)  Ive had some stomach upset which comes across as a mix of feeling full and cramps. Nothing too bad and honestly worth it considering the results. MY a1c is now 5.5 from  10 when i started.
The thing i like the most is my appetite is gone.  I am 45 years old and i&#039;ve never not felt hungry.  I&#039;ve always wanted to eat and did eat with out realizing how much I consumed.  Many times the sight and taste of food turns me off now which is actually nice. Sounds weird but I know there are those who will understand."
"For a little over a year I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe. It&#039;s great, after the first month no more cyst symptoms, my period which has been heavy (Super tampon had to be changed every 2 hours or flooding would occur) is now down to extreme lite spotting on the last 2 pills only. It&#039;s great, I love it. No more tampons or the resulting cramping. I do not have any period symptoms at all now except a hair trigger temper on the last 2 pills (which coincides with my weekend, so I let my family know not to bother me). After a year this has calmed down though to where its almost not noticeable anymore. There are so many pros to this medicine that having a bad temper for 2 days a month is definitely worth it. But it is expensive."
"Best medicine ever!! Have been using it for years...tried everything else. Went to pick up my RX today...Cost $757.00, my insurance wont pay for it anymore. This is crazy!"
"Took for the first time last night slept perfect. Did wake up groggy for the first 2 hours, small price to pay. I have been on over ten different meds and this by far works wonders."
"Very good. A little drowsiness after panic subsides, though I&#039;m not sure if this is due to a physiological response to subsiding high levels of hormones associated with fight/flight response (e.g., cortisol and adrenaline) involved in panic attacks."
"It works really well. I have bad back pains bad and my spasms get really bad. I take them as the doctor told me to and I feel a lot better now. "
"I had Generalized Anxiety Disorder, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder with intrusive thoughts.  This came out of nowhere and I ended up having to take time off work.  One week of sitting on the sofa crying my eyes out and having repeated panic attacks and thinking I was going crazy I then saw my doc.  She referred me to a psychologist and put me on Lexapro 5mg for 4 days and then up to 10mg.  She also gave me Valium to use sparingly initially till my anxiety dropped.  No change week 1 except day 1 where I felt a feeling of euphoria.  Week 2 had increase in anxiety even a panic attack. End of week 3 and I&#039;m back to my old self.  No more anxiety or intrusive thoughts.  I am doing all the things I use to do. I feel normal again.  Lexapro and seeing a psychologist has done wonders. Super happy."
"Pleasantly surprised to find that there are an awful lot of drama queens/kings and cry babies on here. The stuff really does not taste all that bad. Started by holding my nose only to end up casually sipping it. Only thing I will say is that you will do yourself a favor to camp out in the bathroom and make yourself as comfortable as possible. Bring laptop, books, Ipad, phone. Your going to be in there for a while. Also a small heater and jacket for when you get some chills. Stay in there for as long as your still going, otherwise I can see how people would have accidents. Good luck!!"
"The condom broke during sex, I ejaculated and my girlfriend was ovulating. We purchased Plan B and she took it about 7 hours after the mishap. This was March 19th. We stayed relaxed but as the days went by the tension and the stress kept getting worse for us both, her period didn&#039;t come on the day that it was supposed to so she was losing it! I told her to wait a few days and for our surprise the next day her period arrived on April 3rd. Plan B works, it just requires patience. Be safe out there!"
"I started to take Meridia 2 weeks before Christmas 2008. During my first two weeks I lost 16.5lbs. The following two weeks I lost another 2lbs. I will return to my doctor this week to see how much more I have lost. I have gone from a size 16 to a size 12 in less than 2 months. I feel wonderful, my children have commented on how much energy I now have. However exercise and proper diet is the key, and you need to continue doing so even once you are off. It feels wonderful, I can now wear a bathing suit once again. I started at 174lbs and am now at 151lbs. I recommend this to anyone who is serious about getting into shape and becoming healthy again."
"When I was young I used to suffer from anxiety.  After the years its stop on its own. Now that I am living alone all my anxiety came back.  I been taking them for 8 months and let me tell you is the only thing that works. I can now sleep and love to come home. Before I used to get so scared thinking of death all the time. I used to wake up my two kids at 2 in the morning thinking I was dying and I will drive to my moms house. Now I feel like I am living a Normal life."
"Preface: first form of birth control I&#039;ve ever had. 

Well, the appointment and procedure were fine. Pap position, they cleaned my cervix, stretched it out, measured my uterus, and installed it. I forgot to take Advil prior. I think my doctor was expecting me to be dizzy and nauseous after, but I sat up immediately feeling the same as before. My only concern: strings. Doctor said I should check daily, I should feel them. I haven&#039;t been able to feel them so I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s in or out. I would recommend having a laxitive (colrite from Rite-Aid) handy. My cramps were from being constipated.

All of you ladies wanting this will be fine. As of March 3rd, 2016, I have experienced no headache, dizziness, nausea, nothing. I recommend Skyla."
"I&#039;ve been using this medicine for about 7 months now for my kidney disease. Before this medicine I was taking prednisone , and if you don&#039;t know....prednisone is satans pills!! They are absolutely terrible and have terrible side effects. So my kidney specialist wanted me to start taking this instead because it&#039;s better and I have to agree 100%. I don&#039;t have any bad side effects like I did with the prednisone."
"I&#039;ve had to drink suprep bowel prep kit 5 times . 3 of them because I&#039;m have bowel problems and they are using it to help me go. The other 2 kits are for a colonoscopy and an endoscopy. 2 days before the test I started a bland diet. No meat nothing grease, no bread.etc. 1st prep after a breakfast lunch and dinner of clear liquid I drink it. I took big drinks of the prep followed by some apple juice. I drink 16 oz of prep 16oz of apple juice . Asap I started running to the bathroom,.At 1:30am. Prep 2 same 16 oz prep 16 oz or apple juice plus forgot to mention 2 more 16oz of water with each prep and a cup of hot tea. Day 2 prep kit 2 . Same thing it is now 1:30 am am writing this while doing the deed. I truly hope this work procedure is at 6."
"I was diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation 15 years ago and severely suffered with constipation since then.  On average I would do a bowel motion once every 2 1/2 to 3 weeks....no exaggeration.  I requested a colonoscopy after a friend of mine suddenly died of colon cancer at the age of 31.   Year ago my PCP introduced me to Linzess.  It took a month for my body to adjust.  I do have occasional diarrhea with it but I will take it over constipation any day! It&#039;s been a year and I am down to taking it once a week and rather then have a bowel motion once or twice a month. I go once or twice a day lawlessly with no issues whatsoever. It has acted almost like a cure for my condition.  Thank GOD for Linzess!"
"The pink coated prenatal made me nausious. I switched to these G12 prenatals last week. My nausea disappeared. I took these vitamins 3 years ago. They worked wonders for my hair and nails."
"I love my Mirena. I&#039;ve recommended it to several friends. I&#039;m 43 and have 2 kids and wanted something to simplify my life. Insertion was not at all painful or even uncomfortable. I had some spoting continuously for about 3 weeks, but since then I haven&#039;t had my period (2 years). I have no side effects at all, and I love NOT getting my period. No cramping, mood swings, PMS, heavy bleeding, not to mention all the dollars saved on NOT buying outrageously expensive tampons and pads.

I have never been so happy with a product of this nature. Much better than the pill and that awful sponge, messy diaphragm and horrid condoms!"
"I&#039;ve  had 7 two weekly infusions and so far I&#039;ve had no side effects, none! After 6 infusions I was scanned and I was told it was working really well. My kidney cancer in my chest lymph glands have shrunk and the kidney cancer that has spread to my lungs has also shrunk! 
Nivolumab is my second line of attack, the first being Pazopanib. I only got 4-5 months out of Pazopanib, but I had quite a lot of side effects with it. So taking nivolumab and having no side effects is a real godsend. I haven&#039;t felt this good in 4 years, I feel stronger and I&#039;m putting the weight back on I lost taking Pazopanib. Hair/have returned to normal colour. 
I hope this lasts a long time for me and I hope this post helps in some way. Good luck and God bless all."
"My experience with Hetlioz has been very positive. I usually sleep 6-7 hours of sleep every night. Every now and then I still have a night I can&#039;t sleep very well as I think my bodies clock is still adjusting to Hetlioz. That being said when I wake up I actually feel rested (even on my bad nights). I feel like I have more energy. My digestion issues are getting better, my mood is better because I don&#039;t feel like I am exhauster. Before taking Hetloz I would wake up in the morning feeling exhausted, even if I slept thru the night. I truly was not functioning well before Hetlioz. I struggled for years with INSOMNIA. I tried many different sleeping medications with no luck until one of my doctors prescribed Hetlioz."
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for 3 weeks now, I&#039;ve got 3 blue pills left. I&#039;ve been on 4 different kinds of birth control in the past and I can honestly say that Sprintec has been my FAVORITE! I have had no mood swings or weight gain which is awesome. I had horrible weight gain with other birth controls. I have chronic migraines and I haven&#039;t had any increase in them or anymore acne than normal. I did have a very suppressed appetite at first, I was very hungry but would sit down to eat and just be nauseous at the thought. That only lasted a week and a half or so. My breasts have grown, which I&#039;m not complaining about at all. All in all I&#039;m very pleased and would recommend Sprintec to anyone!"
"I have suffered from eczema for all my life.  I have had years with little suffering and after age 60 developed eczema on my face aolng with rosacea spots.  I suffer from inverse psoriasis under my arms, breasts and inner thighs.  My condition worsens with heat, stress and certain foods and chemicals.  Over the past three weeks I&#039;m thrilled to say the eczema patches on my face and eyelids, behind my ears improved immediately, within 24 hours of using Eucrisa!  The other areas with inverse psoriasis have improved as well!  I highly recommend this product after a lifetime of so many other creams and ointments it is a miracle to have a non steriod drug!"
"My dermatologist prescribed my Tazorac 0.05% cream when no other treatment for my acne worked. To this day I still use it and it clears all my breakouts within days and leaves my skin looking even and radiant. I often spot treat with it too, for it can dry my face out sometimes. Lovely product, I highly recommend."
"I have been suffering from PMDD for years now. As I am getting older, symptoms like tender breasts, bloating, crazy cravings, fatigue, moodiness, crying, anger, have become stronger. I finally decided to talk to my obgyn about this and see if that&#039;s normal PMS or is it more serious.. She prescribed Sarafem and now I have been taking it for 2 months. I, the person that&#039;s against all drugs, am a changed person. Every day of the month my mood is the same.. I don&#039;t have any side effects most people above me stated. If you think at all that you might be suffering from PMDD, talk to your physician. It really helped me get myself back."
"I am eight weeks into the twelve week prescription.  It does make me a bit drowsy, so I take the medicine at bedtime.  BUT my athlete&#039;s foot has almost completely cleared!  Wow!  I have the fungus on all of my toenails and I should start to see clear nails starting to grow very soon.  I can hardly wait! 

The only side effect I had was the drowsiness.  But taken at bedtime, not a problem.  I can&#039;t wait for summer to be here and wear pretty sandals!  I haven&#039;t worn sandals like that in over 20 years!"
"I also had suffered as a child with the leg movement ,also was told growing pains,and as an adult as I still had it I would pour alcohol on it an take Tylenol an in 20 minutes it was gone,an didn&#039;t come back for a few days,as I got older this has gotten so much worse ,an if you ever need a Benadryl pill lord help you cause it intenseifies  the problem ten fold the tramadol helps a lot two pills a night use to be three, but now I&#039;m on buspirone for serotonin levels, an read that tramadol raises the seratonin,that&#039;s why I take only two now but it still works good to control the rls"
"This medication has been a God send. Before I knew about this medication I was in and out of the bathroom at least 7 times in one day and it was every time I put food in my mouth. That went on for a full year, I couldn&#039;t go anywhere without going to the bathroom first and if I was out and about I couldn&#039;t eat anything until I got home. Me and my wife couldn&#039;t even go out to eat on our anniversary because of my problem. It was taking over my life and I was getting depressed, but then my doctor gave me Lomotil and it works like a charm. Instead of going to the bathroom after each time I put food in my mouth. I now only go about 2 times a day and I can now eat at restaurants now. Ihis medication put reassurance back in my life again."
"It&#039;s been a dream since one of my boyfriends decided to use Viagra. At first I laughed at the idea but now it&#039;s great."
"I have been using Androgel pump since July 2008.  The first few months I noticed no changes with my mood, motivation or sexual interest.  The Urologist had to adjust the dose a few times to have the right blood levels of testosterone.  Once this was achieved I have been feeling great.  I noticed a big difference in my sex drive (almost a night/day difference from day one).  Lately my muscle mass has been increasing, almost like being on steroids.  I do quite a bit of manual labor and my arms have gotten huge.  I have lost just about all of the spare fat around my waist and my mood has been right on track with how I was when I was younger. I&#039;m so glad I had the motivation to seek help when I did."
"I have had bladder and kidney infections all my life, and Cipro has been a lifesaver for over 25 years. I have never experienced any side effects, and feel better within hours/days depending on the severity of my symptoms. I take Cranberry supplements on a regular basis, and it seems to aid in preventing urinary tract infections."
"I tried Paroxetine, Prozac and Celexa and had no positive results so my doctor advised I try Effexor XR given it is a SNRI or different class of drug. Almost immediately &lt; 1 Week I felt a positive mood change, my social anxiety and mild stuttering seem to dissipate and I felt balanced. I have been taking Effexor XR now for almost a month now and my anxiety has dropped right off that I feel my normal self again, I am a lot more social and I stutter hardly ever and I think more logically. The only down sides are that I do sleep more and find it harder getting up in the mornings for work and have noticed fluid retention around my abdomen. I do not mind these small side effects because this drug has really helped me get my life together. :)"
"My symptoms were severe. Got to the point where I got up to urinate three or four times but could not go for 20 or 30 minutes and then very little volume. Took Rapaflo and it began working in minutes! Same side effects with no ejaculate and minimal satisfaction. I began to experiment and took it every other day. The relief remained the same and the ejaculate returned. Best if both worlds."
"I&#039;ve suffered from migraines since I was a little girl, more then 40 years. I saw a variety of doctors over the years and they tried many different combinations of medications to help but none were successful. Finally one doctor included Fiorinal/codeine to my meds to help when I had a migraine! Success! Something worked! If I take this at the start of a migraine it helps 100% of the time. I&#039;ve been able to take part in all activities without having to cancel due to an uncontrollable migraine!"
"I&#039;ve been on seroquel twice now. I was hearing voices all day that affected my PTSD, then it was a falling block thing with my anxiety and depression. 
I love this medication because I also have sleeping problems - falling asleep and staying asleep. 
There&#039;s XR and non XR (time release). I&#039;m on 450; the higher you are on, the longer it takes to fall asleep. 
The only bad thing about this medication is weight gain. Be careful with that. I did research on all schizophrenic medications and they all cause weight gain. 
Just a note; the reason I pay $60 is because I need to take 300 + 150 to make 450. The XR is $15 more. I go under blue cross blue shield, if this helps anyone."
"I got the nexplanon after I had my daughter in 2014. I bled constant for eight months straight. I then went to sporatic periods (on one week, spot the next, nothing a few days, then BAM back to bleeding)  I have gained 30 pounds on this and can not lose it for the life of me, no diet or exercise regimen will work. Also, I have been battling depression and dissociation off and on since I got it. However,  I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. So it definitely does it&#039;s job. But I finally am scheduled to get it out next week, one year early. I will not ever get it again. Everyone will react differently."
"I used to use warm soapy water as this is what I received as a child and continued as an adult.  Now I use a fleet enema and it works just as well with less bother. This is also great when traveling. No bag to hang and nozzle and hose to wash.   "
"diagnosed with brain cancer four years ago at age 32, Surgery, Temodar and radiation worked for first couple years, then I got two more tumors, stopped Temodar and started Avastin. In just two months I&#039;ve seen dramatic improvements with minimal side effects (constipation, nose bleeds and mouth sores) all of which have responded to simple remedies) My last brain scan was a large improvement over the prior one and I&#039;ve reduced my Dexamethasone dose substantially! I highly recommend!"
"I have been experiencing severe heart pounding and speeding due to menopause and not much has helped. I tried chinese herbs, bio identical hormones, birth control pill and beta blockers. My Endocrinologist put me on 3.0mg Estropipate and within a few days I&#039;m experiencing more &#039;calmness&#039; of the pounding. It&#039;s not completely gone but it has improved 90%, the good news is you can increase the dosage and it helps with bone density."
"I used to take this medication for panic attacks, and it worked absolute wonders. It took about 30 minutes to kick in but really calmed me down and it wasn&#039;t at all addictive. I later found out I have severe hereditary liver problems and it has a bad interaction with what I have to take to keep my liver in check, so I can no longer take it. With the medicines combined I just felt foggy and had to sleep for at least 15 hours if I had to take a vistaril, I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open and function until I&#039;d slept it off.

I&#039;m now trying out Xanax, and I don&#039;t really like it, vistaril kept me calm longer and was just amazing when I needed it. With Xanax the half life is just terrible and I end up with a worse panic attack than I began with."
"I was kind of surprised to read so many comments here that sounded exactly like my Celexa experience!  I thought maybe it was just me who responded so well to this medicine.  I have been on 3 other anti-depressants over the past 14 years.  Some stopped working after a while or some never worked for me.  But within a week of taking Celexa, I began to feel better than I could have hoped for.  After 5 weeks of taking it, I can honestly say I am happier now than I have ever been in my adult life.  This is how living is supposed to feel every day!!"
"I struggled with extreme facial sweating for years and when I say extreme, I mean it! I used to carry a kleenex or paper towels or even real towels on my purse to dry my face. I couldn&#039;t apply any product because I sweated like there was no tomorrow. I do not live in a warm place (Montreal), but even extreme cold temperatures did not change anything. As soon as it was a little warm (like climb in a bus after a 5 min walk by -20C) I sweated and I was soaked... Well, I have been using Xerac and the day after the first application, it was LITERALLY a miracle, I went out and I walked more than 2 miles by 26C and there was a very light amount of sweat around my nose, and that was it!! I recommend this product! It changed my life!!!!!!"
"I read that Victoza is the exact same drug as Sandexa. Sandexa is just a higher dose. I just started Victoza for weight loss and have no side effects yet. I will keep you posted. My insurance covers it and my co-pay was about $70.  There is a site that helps pay for Victoza. I am waiting for a card they will send."
"Broke both my legs in a car crash. Shattered my right femur and broken right fibula. Dilaudid is the only when required medicine that really worked."
"Switching from opiates, to suboxone, to buprenorphine can be challenging. What everyone should be aware of is HOW MUCH bup it takes to equal your subs, and how many subs it takes to equal your opiates. there is no magic pill to take away withdrawals, and in my opinion it is just part of the journey to recovery. Lots of Docs will tell you whatever you want to hear to move you through the clinic, but do not give up hope. I went from taking 30 to 40 oxys per day down to 32 mgs of suboxone , then finally made the jump to butrans and belbuca. Now after 40 years of being a pill freak and after giving 15 years of my life to the federal penitentiary, I can finally say my life is good."
"Ok so I have been suffering for two years now. I&#039;m 25. I had this so bad I was anemic with huge blood clots, finally doc gave me d&amp;c a month later started up again it got so bad again w clots. He said depo shot and another d&amp;c he gave me the depo shot last week. I&#039;m not even kidding you it stopped immediately. I&#039;m so happy I was really suffering and now don&#039;t even need the d&amp;c. The only bad part is I want more kids like soon but my body needs a rest from this. I&#039;m 100% for the depo shot it saved my life."
"I  have taken Fluazepam for IBS and sleep for over 20 years.I am 77 now get up for frequent bathroom trips but go right back to sleep. I take one 15 mg every three or 4 days, The days in between  I don&#039;t need it for sleep."
"I have suffered from hormonal migraines since puberty and am now in my fifties. I tried every option the Doctor could offer but nothing helped until I found Maxalt Melt about ten years ago. I call them my magic pill as they can clear a migraine completely within an hour. Very occasionally I have to take a second dose. They work for me with minimal side effects and are worth every penny. I&#039;m in the UK so can get them on prescription."
"Before Advair I had to go to the hospital many times because my asthma would become very severe.  Since I have been using Advair I have not been to the hospital in 3 years.  My asthma has become very mild and I have never felt better.  I have no side effects."
"This pill has made my school life so much easier. I would do anything I can to get out of a presentation in class before. I would talk to the teachers and try to get an alternate assignment but then I didn&#039;t want others to wonder why I was the only person to not do the presentation. I have severe anxiety and before presentations, I would get clammy, turn red all over my face and chest, my stomach would turn so much to the point where I&#039;d almost throw up. And this would happen the second I&#039;d find out that I had to do a presentation in class whether it be in 5 months from then or the next day. I would try to drop the class sometimes. My doctor introduced me to propranolol. i recommend this to anyone. I can now speak without voice tremors."
"I have used Xiidra now for 4 months. My experience is &quot;wow!&quot;. I finally don&#039;t need to use any other eye drops. I even survived the smoke and very dry air in Southern California (2% humidity) with just Xiidra alone. I highly recommend it!!

You may end up getting more tears than you wanted and yes, it does sting when you drop it in for a few minutes! All that is worth it!"
"I have been on these since 1997 and since January this year (2015) I came off them, I feel terrible and have noticed I do need them and they do work wonders."
"So far so good. 25 y/o

Previously tried Microgestin Fe 1.5 /30 earlier this year and did not enjoy effects of that.

It has only been one week. I will update upon further time and if any side effects appear.
I started one week after my miscarriage. I was 7 weeks. I do not want kids at this time but the emotional toll is still high.
It has slowed down and almost stopped my bleeding which is great.

SO FAR SO GOOD.
I&#039;ll update at the 30 day time frame."
"I am 52 with hormonal acne. My cysts were terrible. Did a number on my confidence. I have been on Bactrim for over a year for the cysts and finally something is working. I tried every other medicine with no results. Not sure how long I can be on this but I never want to stop. Afraid if I stop, the cysts will return."
"Xanax has been a life saver. I have always had problems feeling a little anxious.  But once I was diagnosed as having a brain tumor at 26, it only made things worse.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro, which worked okay, but I didn&#039;t like the way it made me feel, so I stopped taking them on my own.  One particular night about 3 weeks ago, I got so upset that I thought I was having a heart attack.  I was dizzy, chest hurting and pounding, weakness. Nobody could find anything medically wrong with me.  I asked the doctor for something for anxiety to which he prescribed Xanax 0.25mg every 6 hours and within the 30 minutes of taking it, all my symptoms had diminished.  Xanax really saved my life."
"I had an semi truck accident that required cervical fusion. My back was damaged also but I refused to take the lumbar fusion. I&#039;m permanently disabled now. I have been taking Lortabs 10/500 mg for my pain since 2008 the 10mg Lortab worked but it made my groin area hurt at times. So my doctor reduced the strength to 7.5 Lortab. It stops the groin problem and both meds, 10mg an 7.5mg Lortabs help my back pain."
"After spending a lot of time reading reviews and doing research before getting my IUD, I wanted to share my insertion experience. Personally, I would rate the overall pain as maybe a 2/10. For those ladies who get bad cramps during menstruation, the cramping I experienced was maybe half as bad as some of my worst cramps. Overall, I would say the experience causes more discomfort than pain. I was not on my period during insertion (mid cycle actually). It&#039;s been about 10 hours since the insertion and I still have mild cramping. I took ibuprofen prior to my appointment and haven&#039;t taken more. My experience was no where near as bad as I was expecting based on other reviews. As many have pointed out, everybody&#039;s body is different."
"I have used Donnatal for years for Irritable Bowel Syndrome diarrhea. It is a miracle medicine. I stop it when it stops working. I could not have worked or gone out of house without it. However I have high liver levels and wonder if the Donnatal caused this. I stopped it when went on Savella for fibromyalgia. The Savella also helps my IBS. Not on anything now, on FMLA at present. Will have to go on something if I return to work."
"Portia is amazing! It has made me lose 10lbs in 2 weeks and I have bipolar disorder and it has not affected my moods at all, it&#039;s actually improved my PMS. I&#039;m so happy with this and I would recommend it to everyone, it&#039;s just great."
"I had unprotected sex and he came inside of me exactly two weeks after my period. Which after doing a little internet research I find that&#039;s when I&#039;m most likely ovulating. (I don&#039;t follow my ovulation so I wouldn&#039;t know exactly.) I am not on birth control. 

I took Plan B (or maybe some off brand that&#039;s supposed to be the same thing but wasn&#039;t listed) approximately 12 hours after the incident. 

I am also 20 pounds over the &quot;weight limit&quot; suggested for this product. 

I got my period today, right on time! I had no side effects from the pill other than a tiny amount of spotting a few days after I took it. 

These reviews really helped calm me down as I was waiting for my results, so I thought I would contribute."
"After having a heart attack I became very depressed.  I have been on Lexapro, Zoloft, Xanax, Ativan, Wellbutrin, and Buspar.  None worked and I attempted suicide.  I have Major depession and anxiety disorder, so take my comments in stride.  The right drug for you is out there along with intensive therapy.  I was switched to Effexor XR while in &quot;the funny farm.&quot;  After the typical waiting period for it to kick in, I can tell you I am a new man, looking at life like I used to.  It has saved my life and my family.

It hasn&#039;t done much for anxiety, so for the first few months after my severe &quot;episode&quot; I was on Seroquel. I have now been switched to clonazepam for that issue.  Please consult a proper medical person."
"Was diagnosed with cytomeglovirus and HIV in November 2009...at dicharge my CD4 count 275...viral load of 3 million...started HIV therapy in January, 2010...came from my Doctor today and happy to report a CD4 count of 1300 and viral load count of 114...thanks to Atripla and Didanosine....Atripla is beautiful...who cares about a few very minor side effects....I get to live!"
"Wow!  This is a weightloss medicine that has really saved me!  At the end of December, I went to my doctor, fed up and disgusted with my weight.  I was a 48 year old female, 5&#039;1&quot; and weighed 226lbs.  I was just miserable.  I had to do something...well, my dr. prescribed Qsymia.  Since I tried to type out my story, and I was limited..here is the short story.  Qsymia made my Diet Coke addiction stop COLD TURKEY (it changes the taste of it completely - flat &amp; metallically).  As of the point I type this..I am now at 164 lbs.  That&#039;s 62lbs!  This pill works!  Take it!"
"Concerta has made me more focused and things seem to be easier to understand for me. I am 36 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD. This is a wonderful medication and for me, life changing. I now know I needed this medication for many, many years now. And so far no side effects, sleep better and still have my appetite. I have more energy and I don&#039;t procrastinate anymore when I need to do something I just do it without procrastinating about it. Exercise is also easier, which is good because I am overweight and need to lose some weight. I seem to be able to interact with people a lot easier and now I can have a conversation with people without blurting out things before I forget what I want to say and having to pause in between sentences."
"I Suffered with dreadful Migraine ever since I was around 11 years old, so bad my arm used to be paralysed and speech was severely affected with almost stroke like symptoms, I had so much time off school and also my places of employment in later life and I had to cancel shows, trips out etc.At the age of 57 I was prescribed Zomig and it changed my life, I only need a quarter of a tablet and after 40 minutes I feel fine and the only side effect is a slight sensitivity to hot drinks and hot water which wears off after an hour or so .I can&#039;t believe all those years I have suffered and the way Migraine ruled my life. I am 69 years old this year and whilst I feel happy to be cured,I feel I have been robbed of many years."
"I am just so in love with this gel. It&#039;s just been a week and all my acne including the scars have disappeared like magic. I&#039;ve never felt my skin any smoother and glowy. Wish I&#039;d tried it earlier :)"
"I was a bit on the edge to start taking this pill, because of how poorly it was reviewed. I&#039;m now a couple months in, and I have no complaints. My mood has stayed as positive as before, and I have had depression before but no signs of that came back. My sex drive was pretty high before, and is now the same, or even more now that I don&#039;t have to worry about getting pregnant.  I haven&#039;t gained any bloatingness, or gained weight, but that could be because I exercise, and have a minimal decreased appetite since I&#039;ve been on the pill. My acne has been clearing up as well. The only weight gain I have noticed is that my breasts grew a whole cup size. Nothing but positive effects from velvivet!"
"I have been given tegretol to take for TN, then had decompression surgery. This relieved pain for 7yrs. A surgeon told me it need to saturate my system first and then begin script of 200mg x 3 per day. This means I needed to take 2 tablets together. This takes the pain away. I ensured I lay low for a few hours as this made me sleep. I am now on 400x3 times each day and all is good."
"I did &#039;&#039;it&#039;&#039; on september 12,2016 &amp; on september 17 I recieved brown spotting slightly pickish I thought it was implantation &quot;period&quot; I started to freak out really bad but SO HAPPY IT IS NOT. I NOW HAVE MY HEAVY PERIOD with fatigue the pill works! Just take it as soon as it happens or within the 24 hour range best.drink warm teas for the cramping! Or hot baths. Love you all! Be careful!"
"I have been on Nucynta for 2 years following a ten - twelve foot fall. Nucynta is without a doubt the best pain medication I have ever been prescribed. It works well  on my severe shoulder, back, and neck pain. Without the nasty side effects of other opiates I was taking such as Hydrocodone. I am able to stay alert and I have not built up a tolerance to it. Nucynta has been a game changer for me. . ."
"I lost my only child four years ago and have battled grief and depression.  I was put on Deplin and it made a huge difference in my frame of mind.  I went off of it a month ago because I started a new job and basically just forgot to get it filled.  Big mistake.  I have been extremely sad and depressed.  I will be getting that prescription filled tomorrow.  It was a lifesaver."
"To the gentleman whose doctor switched him from Klonopin to Cymbalta:  The reason you are suffering from severe anxiety is that you were taken off a Benzodiazepine too quickly instead of having been TAPERED off the drug.  Cymbalta is no substitute for Klonopin. Your doctor needs to go back to med school!  I&#039;ve been taking 60 mg of Cymbalta since 2009, after my husband committed suicide. It has helped me a lot with depression and anxiety, but I&#039;m finding that my anxiety has recently increased because my new husband has lung cancer. I was put on 90 mg of Cymbalta recently, and I&#039;m hoping that the higher dose will decrease, and not increase, my anxiety levels."
"I have tried almost every medicine for GAD (Xanax, celexa, paxil, wellbutrin, lamictal, seroquel, buspar) but it seems that Amitriptyline is the only drug that work for me. I  also  take 300 mg of Lyrica for chronic pain and 150 mg of Effexor Xr in the morning and 50 mg of Amitriptyline before sleep. It changed my life."
"I&#039;ve had zero side effects.  The fist change I noticed is my mood dramatically improved. My friends, family &amp; coworkers have all noticed the change. For the first time in forever I feel normal. I&#039;m not mad at the world. I wake up happy. As for my weight loss it&#039;s taken several months but I finally feel I&#039;m on a roll. I&#039;m only down 25lbs but in the last couple months the scales are doing down. Food it not a priority in my life anymore. As I sit here there is a king sized Kit Kat sitting on my nightstand where it&#039;s been for weeks since my roommate gave it to me. That never would be the cast in the past. I have more energy and have even lost a pants size. I will do whatever it takes to stay on this medicine."
"This is the first birth control I&#039;ve taken and it&#039;s been a over a year by now. My experience has been pretty good especially compared to a lot of the other reviews.

The first thing I noticed is that my periods are now way lighter. They usually last about 5-7 days when they previously lasted about  4-5 but that&#039;s not really a problem at all since it&#039;s mostly spotting here and there when I used to have a really heavy flow and painful cramps. My acne went away completely. No weight gain. The only cons I can think of is breast tenderness and my hair has a gotten a little thinner and greasier but you&#039;re advised to take vitamins with bc so I think that&#039;s why."
"I was put in the hospital with MRSA IN my lungs. I was really mentally frustrated and was having withdrawals from morphine. I couldn&#039;t sleep and was very ill. This medicine was the greatest thing they could have given me to help me calm down and sleep. I would recommend it, but I will say that it knocked me out cold for the night and I was groggy in the morning. But when I decided to quit taking it, I had no withdrawal symptoms."
"Hi everyone,

I experienced extreme anxiety which then lead to panic disorder. It sounds like it basically started from built up stress but, let me tell you my story as I want people to feel more comfortable and understand what&#039;s going on as I have done extensive research on the issue. 

First, anxiety and panic disorder are awful. You feel like you can&#039;t breathe, that you&#039;re having a heart attack, you get dizzy, you feel off balance, you get sweaty hands and feet, you&#039;re not comfortable and always anxious, sometimes you even feel that you&#039;re legs are going to give out. 

If the above feels like you  well I took Prozac and honestly it saved me. "
"I had a wicked bout of strep while travelling in Europe. I had a round of Amoxicillin which didn&#039;t quite clear it, so I was prescribed Augmentin. I had 30 hours of travel ahead of me, and two hours of sleep to go on, but despite the circumstances, I began to feel much better! The only side effects I&#039;ve had so far have been that the acne on my cheeks has completely cleared up and I have better than average energy levels (not sure if either of these are related to the Augmentin, but the timing lines up perfectly)."
"This is my second time using Augmentin. Before this it was used for an ear infection, and now for sinusitis. Symptoms cleared up almost exactly when my doctor said they would- about 2 days in each time. Symptoms have been minimal with only minor stomach upset. Taken with probiotics several hours apart from it regularly I managed to avoid a yeast infection."
"This medication saved my life I suffered with severe anxiety and panic attacks. I became really down because it had taken over my life and it was a daily struggle. After two days the medication stopped my panic attacks but also made me very tired and zombie like I didn&#039;t want to do much. However after about 2 weeks this stopped and I got better I improved each week. After a month I went back to work and now I am 6 months down the line and pretty much back to the old me anxiety free  I know this medication effects everyone differently but for me it changed my life all for the better. Just give this medication a chance because it might be horrible at first but there is a light a the end of the tunnel guys. I hope this can give some faith."
"I have been on cymbalta for over year, the relief it gave me was a god send. I hated the sweaty side effect, so I stopped taking it for a couple of months, withdrawl was horrible, depression was horrible again. I&#039;ve been back on it for about two months now and I take 120mg a day along with 300mg welbutrin, I wish I could take more. I wish they would put it in the drinking water so everyone could benefit from the effects."
"So far so good! The Side effects I&rsquo;ve experienced are loss of appetite and extreme tiredness, which are definitely bearable. I&rsquo;m upping my dosage to 100mg today and so I&rsquo;ll repost if I get any worsening side effects. My mood seems more stable and my I&rsquo;m not as angry. I&rsquo;ve noticed a positive change thus far and I&rsquo;m hoping it only gets better as my dosage increases."
"I have only recently started having spring allergies. Some congestion but the biggest issue for me is the sinus head. I have had the same headache now for over a week. Im also prone to migraine and two days the sinus headache advanced into a full blown migraine which nothing would touch. I have tried several otc remedies and of course have migraine medications. This stuff, Advil Cold and sinus, stopped the sinus headache in its tracks and with no real side effects. It took about 30 minutes. I want to echo everybody else here. Advil Cold and Sinus is absolutely amazing!!!"
"This is great medicine to stop your depression. try ZOLOFT - regularly every day, for at least 1 month, you&#039;ll feel the actions. I promise."
"Taking Vistaril to help me sleep. I work nights, it&#039;s particularly difficult to sleep. This med just helps me to doze off &amp; stay asleep. There&#039;s no &quot;drugged&quot; feeling when I wake up. I do feel like it takes a little longer to get fully awake, but don&#039;t feel hung over like trazodone made me feel. Highly recommend it if you&#039;re looking for a very good non-narcotic sleep aid."
"I suffer from fibromyalgia. There were times when I just couldn&#039;t bare the pain anymore. My rheumatologist prescribed Lyrica and it&#039;s like a miracle! I can&#039;t believe how wonderful I feel. I can live again! I don&#039;t have to take pain killers anymore! The only side effect is a little constipation. Nothing a good laxative can&#039;t fix. Between the two I certainly chose the constipation. I give Lyrica a big 10 and if I could I&#039;d give it more. I&#039;m sorry for those that Lyrica didn&#039;t help, not all medicines are for everybody. I hope you find the right one for you. "
"Saved my life. Was minutes from committing suicide. It allowed me to come off the drug alcohol and be sane. My children will be better for it for me. Cold sweats shakes insomnia. Suicidal thoughts.
Or Librium. And family support."
"I&#039;ve taken Yasmin for probably the last 3 years, but I&#039;ve been using other birth control pills for 12 years and the pill I was using made me gain about 7-8 lbs of water weight. That&#039;s when my doctor put me on Yasmin, in a few days I lost the water weight, I don&#039;t get cramps, no mood swings, my periods last for 3-4 very light days and I only have them every 3 months, so if your doctor says you can take Yasmin I highly recommend it."
"Viagra has been an absolute miracle for me. For a while before I started taking it I was having trouble getting and maintaining strong erections. The best I could manage was a &quot;semi&quot; where my penis would get to around 60% hardness. Erectile dysfunction is difficult to deal with for men of any age, especially so when you are in your 20s (I&#039;m 24) and are supposed to be at your peak sexually. I&#039;m using the 25mg Pfizer tablets and they work amazingly well. No side effects. I now have very strong and rock hard erections. I&#039;m a much happier and relaxed man now. It is quite expensive but they are worth every penny."
"I rate this medication very highly. I had no history of anxiety or depression before being struck down with severe generalised anxiety (and subsequently its bff, depression). I&#039;ve been on lexapro for 3 months now and my life is completely back to normal. If I still have side effects, they have normalised so that I no longer notice them. About a month ago I starting drinking wine again ( I got a reaction the first time, but was fine after that), and 3 weeks ago I started on coffee again (it made me hyperactive for the first week, then normalised). You just need to ease into it. Please don&#039;t give up on this med in the first week. It&#039;s a bit of a rough start but so worth it when you come through the other side."
"I love this pill! It works so good. It made my period come very early tho but I&#039;d rather have that than an unplanned pregnancy.  My last period was on the 30th and again my period came the 10th so it was so early. I absolutely love this pill tho. It worked 100%  for me and I do recommend it :)"
"I wanted to take a helicopter ride while on a trip to Kauai. I have a horrible history of motion sickness. Someone suggested Bonine so I tried that. I not only made it through the entire 90 minute ride, but I actually enjoyed it and didn&#039;t once have the horrible motion sick feeling. "
"It was fine for about 3 months...and then I started to notice that me and my Fience were fighting all the time. I would bite his head off if he said something smart or even if he didnt. I lost all sex drive. ALL and almost lost the love of life. I can day I didn&#039;t have periods at all...and I saved money on tampons lol it may be different for you..but unfortunately not for me."
"I was diagnosed with IBS-C and chronic constipation about two years ago. The doctor simply wrote me off with a prescription that didn&#039;t work. Tired of tons of prescriptions that didn&#039;t help me go and gave me have horrible symptoms, I ventured out on my own and drastically changed my diet but even that didn&#039;t work! Finally I tried Miralax because it was the only thing left and my doctor kept urging me to. I am so glad I did! I go two to three times a day and have normal stool. Sometimes my stool is on the runnier side or I get stomach cramps before a bowel movement but I am very happy with this product! It dissolves very well in any kind of drink. I recommend people to try it and give it about two weeks to work. Also, drink your water!"
"This type of BC is the most effective and hassle-free. When I first got it I was on my period for three months (this is different for everyone) I went back to the doctor and he gave me BC pills and my periods were normal from then on out. Some people are saying their hair is falling out and they are gaining weight, I have no signs of this. The only thing I don&#039;t like about it is I have to take the pills or my period will come and stay for a long time but that&#039;s better than being pregnant!"
"Gabapentin is great for nerve pain. I am a recent amputee due to a fracture that would not heal in my ankle. My surgeon prescribed it for phantom pain. It seemed to do the trick. I take 100mg bid, at breakfast and again at bedtime. I don&#039;t take any painkillers what so ever. Pretty good for an amputation that most people would think as being painful."
"I just started taking Nuvigil. Today is day 2. Before Nuvigil I have been suffering for the past 3 years or so with marked fatigue.  First I decided I should do a sleep study. They discovered that I have sleep apnea and I stop breathing about 50 times an hour. I got the CPAP machine and used it every night for the past 3 months. It didn&#039;t make the difference I was hoping. So, I talked to my Dr again and since I have young children I didn&#039;t want a sleeping medication and so he prescribed Nuvigil. Its been a life changer. I have the energy I used to have when playing with the kids and taking them outside instead of laying on the couch everyday."
"I was put on Soma six years ago along with my pain medicines. I swear by it. I have been on the same dose of Soma and pain medicines for 6 years. Because of Soma I have not had to alter my dose and have been able to work and function and it was good. Till my doctor took everyone off it. I am now miserable and in pain. It is great and it works."
"I&#039;ve been on Victoza now for just over 2 years. From reading the reviews, I&#039;m one of the lucky ones side-effect wise. In other words, no nausea, increased headaches etc.. I started at .6 and after a month moved up to 1.2 where I have been since that time. I reduced my adjunct Metformin from 1500mg daily to 1000 mg daily. Weight loss has been a nice side effect, especially since it impinges on the illness in the first place. The only issue I have now is that my blood sugar can go low quite easily so will be cutting back the dose to .6 for a test run of a month. Unhealthy high levels of blood sugar are a thing of the past. Hopefully that stays the same at .6."
"So far I have been on yaz for about two weeks, my dermatologist recommended it for me because I was having really bad break outs. So far it has cleared up my skin and I also feel as though my breasts have been getting bigger (which I want). I was on the depot shot for a year and it was terrible. My dermo told me that birth control causes break outs. I also lost a extremely unhealthy amount of weight on the shot. Ever since quitting the depo shot and going to Yaz, I&#039;ve been back to my normal self and my normal energy. I&#039;m also slowly getting back to a healthy weight."
"I just started using Ambien CR and like most of the people i was scared to take it because of all of these weird side effects that people experience but thank GOD it worked on me just fine. My doctor was gentle to me and she prescribed only 5mg and I must say it worked like a charm. I took it and half hour later (maybe even less) I was deep in sleep. I did sleep close to 5 hours and I must say I don&#039;t remember the last time I was feeling so refreshed and so rested. Other medicines I&#039;ve tried put me asleep but when I would wake up I would feel so groggy. I&#039;m finally happy to say that I found a medicine that works for me."
"Started May 1st-  have lost 29 pounds as of today June 30th.  Changed eating habits, not much exercise yet but is coming soon. $277 per month.  Used a coupon on line , only took off 5 dollars.  Does anyone know one that will work?   Insurance doesn&#039;t pay for mine.  Please help.   I want to continue on this journey but takes a chunk out of the budget."
"I have degenerative disc disease. Medication works well. I have been on it for a year now with my oxycodone. It works miracles, I can go to work everyday and support my family ans when I come home I can actually enjoy the daily activities with my children, I once could not have thought of doing. I am so glad my life is back and am so grateful for a great doctor who after years found a way to put me back on my feet."
"Works fantastic for high blood pressure. Almost made it too low but it&#039;s stabilized now. I&#039;ve tried 3 different high blood pressure medicines from 3 different drug classes and none work as well as Tenex. The worst side effect I had was dry mouth, but that goes away after a week or 2, so don&#039;t quit the drug over that."
"Am 61 male. Tried all SSRI&#039;s and MAOI&#039;s for persistent depression over 9 years. Most recent was Prozac. None of these worked beyond moderate improvement. Depression and anxiety attended me constantly. I used Lorazepam to sleep effectively. I went on Brintellix 10 mg and within 2 weeks felt stable and able to deal with challenging personal setbacks with clarity and resolve. I think that 4 months into it I have found a drug that truly works."
"I have tried a number of different drugs for RLS, including Lyrica, Mirapex, Klonopin, Neurontin, and clonidine.  Lyrica and Mirapex are by far the most effective medicines for me in treating restless legs syndrome.                                                      
Note: I am confined to a special type of power wheelchair.  My primary diagnosis is Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome; other diagnoses of particular note include Chronic Pain Syndrome, idiopathic polyneuropathy, Schizoaffective Bipolar Disorder, CHF, seizure disorder, severe degenerative bone &amp; joint disease, severe degenerative disk disease, obstructive sleep apnea, GERD;  among others.  I have a colostomy and a suprapubic catheter."
"This was the only thing that help me with my bloating and constipation. I have suffered for years with this...I want my Zelnorm back!"
"I used the strawberry flavored milk of magnesia at 17 weeks pregnancy after having been constipated for about three weeks or so. Never do anything silly like take an unreasonable amount more than the recommended dose--like someone mentioned drinking half a bottle. Anyway, I called in a sick day with work due to hurting belly and took a medicine capful at 2am. It&#039;s 8:35 now and I&#039;ve successfully discharged the problem around 30 minutes ago. Remembering my grandmother giving me this in childhood reminded me that it definitely works, don&#039;t overdo it! It&#039;s a safe option for pregnancy and also it works."
"After reading the negative reviews of implanon I will admit that I was slightly nervous to get the birth control. After comparing it to the other options I decided it was probably my best bet, due to the fact I struggle remembering to take a pill every day at the same time. I would have to say this is one of the best decisions I have ever made! There is absolutely no pain when you get Implanon inserted and it is one of the quickest things I have ever had done! Implanon is very convenient and effective. I have not experienced many negative side effects from the birth control. In fact, I have actually lost weight after starting it. The only side effects I have noticed is that my menstrual cramps have increased slightly. Definitely worth it!"
"The pill helps regulate my period and I know when to always expect it. I do not get any mood swings or nausea. I started going on the pill because my period was irregular. I would get my period twice in one month with excruciating pain. Once I began the pill the pain stopped and my period is normal."
"It took a few weeks, but I feel so much better. I felt like I was stuck on the bottom of a seesaw and couldn&#039;t balance out my mood.  I couldn&#039;t handle my rage over the smallest things. I would wake up and couldn&#039;t shut off my brain. Now I&#039;m sleeping better, I wake up in a normal mood and no longer &quot;sweat the small stuff.&quot; In addition, I am getting along much better with my family and friends. Let&#039;s just say I am better to be around.  Don&#039;t worry about the side effects. I stayed away from Zoloft for a long time because I had anxiety about the side effects. Guess what? No side effects! Just a better life."
"I have recently been diagnosed with fibromyalgia. Soon after I had a cold and started taking Mucinex to clear out my sinuses. Not only did my sinuses feel good but I noticed that in general I felt amazing. My body just didn&#039;t hurt like it had been hurting for the past few months. So I got online and typed in Mucinex... low and behold the first thing that popped up was using mucinex as a treatment for fibromyalgia ... crazy. I had no idea... so for those of you speculating that it may be a placebo effect ..believe me I felt the difference without knowing that others have used it as a therapy.... it works wonders!"
"I have had an overall great experience with this iud. I actually had one placed ten years ago and just recently had it replaced. This has been a very effective birth control. I can&#039;t have added hormones so it was either this or condoms ten years ago and I&#039;m glad I chose this."
"I&#039;ve been on the Nuva ring now for two years. I personally love it ! It&#039;s so much easier to use than having to take a pill everyday. I used to have a 7 day period and now it&#039;s 3 full days and 2 spotting days. I used to get horrible side effects from the pill but the only negative side effect from the Nuva ring is that about 2 weeks out of the month I don&#039;t have really any sex drive but I&#039;ll take that over acting like a lunatic and not even getting to have sex cause I scared my partner off haha. Hope this helps !"
"I decided to get the implant after I stopped using the depo shot. The worst part of the insertion is the numbing shot, it felt as if my arm was on fire but that went away quick. The healing process isn&#039;t bad at all. There will be scaring but it&#039;s not bad either. I&#039;ve had the implant for 2 years now, and my complaint list is minimal, yes it prevents pregnancy but the irregular periods and spotting are very annoying because you never know when it&#039;s going to happen, it&#039;s always a suprise and very inconvenient. But if you can look past the spotting and irregular periods that come and go as they please, this is the BC for you. I will be sticking it out for another year just for the fact of its great for preventing pregnancy, but changing BC soon"
"Had large cyst on chest and back that I had to have them removed. Kept getting flare ups around bikini area. Started using Solodyn and the flare ups stopped immediately. Heard it was expensive but doctor gave me a card for free month trial."
"I have been on it for three days and although I have urges the possible effects of taking a drink far outweigh the urges. This is a drug I would recommend for any alcoholic trying to get help. This pill and regular AA meetings are the combination that is helping me. I have been sober for 8 days now. Was in hospital for the first 5 days to detox."
"It has been a miricale!! I have been on several medications and nothing has helped. I have continued to bounce from depression to mania, with little sleep. I&#039;ve been on this medication for five days WOW is all I can say. I feel wonderful. I&#039;m sleeping again. No racy thoughts, none of the symptoms that I suffer from. I just hope it last. The cost is a problem but the company is working on helping me with that!!"
"Took Plan B 14 hrs after unprotected sex &amp; the 3rd day of just starting birth control pill (suppose to use a backup method the 1st week). Right after I took it I felt a little nauseous, but it wasn&#039;t unbearable. My period wasn&#039;t due for another 3 weeks (took birth control regularly leading up). Kept getting abdomen pain &amp; I was very tired on random days throughout the 3 weeks. Thankfully got my period the day I was expecting to! So thankful there is a pill for when mistakes are made!"
"This medication saved my life. Tried several different medicines over 10 years and none have worked better than Risperdal. I take escitalopram as well and have seen fantastic results. If I miss a dose I can tell very quickly within a few days as I don&#039;t sleep and feel really agitated and angry at the least little thing. Really helped control my mood swings and this combination has been great for me."
"I was put on this medicine just 6 days ago and I feel great!  Slight headaches and had nausea last night, but my most persistent symptoms are GONE! My fasting blood sugar would always creep overnight to 110 to 120 range.  After my first meal blood sugar would come under control depending on what I ate.  

Now on Victoza I have seen a fasting blood sugar in the 85 to 105 range this week.  As an added bonus I lost 6 pounds in six days.  Hopefully the long term prospects are as favorable as the short term ones have been."
"I started Tri-Sprintec 4 months ago. My biggest fear was weight gain. I have a history of an eating disorder (not fully recovered, but better), so needless to say I was petrified of hormonal birth control and all the horror stories that came along with it. The first month was awful. I&#039;d wake up either really nauseous or starving. There were 2 days where I felt so sick I actually had to call off work. Crackers did seem to help though, if you get this side effect treat it as if you had morning sickness. I also take my pills at night instead of the morning. There were also some days I was a total b!tch, but that could also just be my personality. As for weight gain, absolutely NONE. In fact, I lost weight when I watched my calories and exercised, so the pills had no effect on my metabolism. By the 3rd and 4th month all side effects had pretty much vanished, and to be honest I don&#039;t remember the last time I had to pop a pimple. It&#039;s great! "
"My blood pressure was rather steep--like WAY too high as a rule, hypertension-started taking Lisinopril 40MG, once a day. I literally didn&#039;t feel a change physically, yet my readings now never go beyond 130/90, usually lower. I&#039;m pleased with this medicine! This is great news for someone like me. I&#039;ve gone through two cerebral aneurysms in the past (I wasn&#039;t on any medicines then), now I&#039;m on lisinopril 40MG and happy to take it."
"Used tamiflu when needed for 3 years miracle drug and I&#039;m glad to say I &#039;ve had no side effects up to now"
"My Tryglicerides and LDL Cholesterol have improved significantly.  My dry eyes have also improved significantly while on Vascepa.  I highly recommend Vascepa. I feel happy and healthy knowing Vascepa is helping me with my cardiovascular health.  I feel like it is money well spent to improve my health."
"Started September 2014, no issues at insertion. I spotted some then Ive had No periods/cramps/crazy symptoms since. No weight gain issyes, no mood swings or none of that.  Almost 2 years in, I am having my first spotting session, its very light and I believe it will pass. I think this was my best choice since it has worked for my body. I will go in to have it replaced next year! Good luck."
"this drug literally saved my life. 
I had a routine where after work everyday I would go to the liquor store, get a 40oz and knock it back, before heading to the bar. I did this for years. When I finally hit a wall (it&#039;s a long story) I saw a few different healthcare professionals, one of whom was a psychiatrist and he prescribed me Antabuse. He explained it to me very well, and asked me if I would try it and I agreed.
The thing about it is, this drug forces you to change your habits. It gives you the time you need to think things through and make different decisions. While I was taking Antabuse I had to take the time and thought required to figure out other things to do with my time. It was a process. IT WORKED. Sober 9yrs."
"After just one day of using Pataday, I woke up for the first time with my eyes feeling normal and comfortable. I want to give this medication a chance and well worth the cost. I don&#039;t have insurance either. For years I have been suffering with eye pain, dryness and pressure. Sun sensitive.  Today after one dose I feel terrific."
"No problems. I still menstruate here and there. But overall no cramping..maybe some temporary gain weight during menstruate days like usual. But overall great. I got pregnant as soon as I removed it and put it back after my second baby. And still no problems."
"I posted in Oct. My 9 yr. Old has Aspergers and my life was hard.
It is now the last week of month 2 on 10mg. of Lexapro. OMG!!! Is this what normal really feels like!? Please.. if you have anxiety and possible depression give this drug a chance. I feel like a new person. I laugh at shows now, I have a sense of humor again. My spouse is spending more time around me since I am more pleseant to be around. I cooked a small Thx giving dinner for 4 from  scratch in 4 hours without stressing it. I can watch sad movies and feel  the emotions but not cry through the whole show or movie.  Find myself interested in things I used to enjoy but stopped. I am glad I hung in and listened to others who said to give it 6-8 weeks for full effect.They were right.:)"
"I was prescribed 10 mg a day for anxiety/panic attacks. I&#039;d never taken any sort of SSRI before. I took one pill and it scared me, I threw up several hours later and had the worst panic attack of my life. But I don&#039;t know if that was me, or the pill. So two weeks later, I chopped it in half and have taken 5mg everyday for the past 6 months. It has completely turned down the volume of anxiety and paranoia. I may never be able to go off of it. I have not had weight gain, anorgasmia, or decreased sex drive. I love it. I can live my life, it has taken that fog surrounding everything away. If you are super sensitive to medications like me, I encourage you to start with the lowest dose possible."
"Ok, to begin with: Vyvanse has dramatically improved my life. I am a 20 year old college student and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19. I have always been a bright student, cheerful person and an overall hard worker but Vyvanse has &quot;improved&quot; me. I feel that it allows me to monitor and control my thoughts and actions in a way I never seemed to be able to before. Effects I experience from Vyvanse: Improved concentration, ability to focus clearly on a subject or task at hand, ability to switch focus and not &quot;obsess&quot;, improvements in grades, &amp; ability to plan/schedule/prioritize activities. In the end I feel like Vyvanse has made the dream me reality, I can finally accomplish my goals."
"Wanted to give an update on the review I wrote 10 months ago. If you are an adult female with acne involving the jawline, hairline, neck, back, chest or upper arms, there is a great chance it could be hormonal. I had mild to moderate acne that suddenly worsened at the same time I started having irregular periods. It literally went from controllable to a disaster. I started researching and asked my doctor about trying spironolactone. This was almost exactly one year ago. First month consisted of a nasty initial breakout, but following that, I saw gradual improvement and am 100% clear for the first time in my adult life. My life is completely different. I used to hide. I can wear any clothing I want now. I will NEVER give up this medication."
"So thankful my obgyn discussed my options for birth control! He knew I didnt want any hormones because hormonal bc has messed me up in the past. He told me that paragard is 100% hormone free and I was sold! I was scared after reading hundreds of negative reviews just like your doing now.  So glad I went thru with the procedure! I told my Gyno I was very nervous and he prescribed me a valium to take 30 mins before arriving, It helped take the edge off. I have had my Iud for 3 years now and still love it"
"had good skin until 20 years old, college had me stressed so I started getting hormonal acne on my cheeks esp my jaw. I was absolutely devastated, I would cry when I looked at my face in the mirror. I tried everything, just like everybody else here nothing worked. I never wrote a review before, but this medication gave me my life back. My skin starting clearing up immediately, like 2 weeks. 40mg 2 months then 60mg. After my 3rd month my face is 100% clear, don&#039;t get a single pimple even if I sleep in my makeup. Only side effect I have is the most chapped lips are ever but i&#039;ll take it. I wanna run up to every person I see in the street with acne on their face and recommend this medication. if acne is ruining your life please try this."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin FE for over a year now and I&#039;m happy with the birth control. I didn&#039;t gain any weight. I didn&#039;t have any negative side effects. It&#039;s expensive out of pocket but now my insurance covers it so that&#039;s a plus!"
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta since 2002 and it&#039;s changed my life.  I haven&#039;t had a depressive episode since I&#039;ve been on it.  My sex life is ruined, however.  A common side affect for these kinds of meds."
"I went on this medication when I was 19 and I am 24 now. When I was 19 I was diagnosed with stage 3 endometriosis. I now take continuous birth control pills (never going off the active ones). My insurance covers me to get 2 packets a month. Being on only active pills, I usually have spotting once or twice a year due to missing a pill or taking it more than 12 hours late. 

Side effects: Big breasts and weight gain. I used to be a size B, now I&#039;m a D/DD awesome! I have put on 20 pounds over the years but that could be caused by my diet/age."
"I first had the mirena 7 years ago and had no problems at all and not one period.Two years ago had new one put in and this time around have regular painful and heavy periods so not sure why . Other than that no other side effects that have stood out."
"I been on norco everyday for 10 years, was on 10-12 pills per day for chronic pain. Without clonidine I would be hurting like hell.  I went to detox at the hospital &amp; left after 14 hours, they wanted me on Suboxone, which is good but its just another high to kick after, been there done that, I don&#039;t need a migraine headache as well. Suboxone causes headaches &amp; Suboxone is hell to get off. Best bet is to stick with clonidine pills. 1st day 01mg x5 2nd day x4 3rd x3 4th x2 5th x1, your 6th day can be 1, or none, you decide. The only withdrawal symptoms I have from norco is minor diarrhea, minor pain in stomach, no eating for days, hard to get to sleep but its possible...and day 1 i had depression, but I&#039;m over it now....LIFE SAVER"
"It has been a blessing.  I tried several other medicines and they make me
sad, uneasy and very sleepy.  I only take this when needed. At first it was daily and now maybe one a month. It has been great."
"I&#039;ve had fibromyalgia for 15 years.  My Doctor suggested I try Savella.  He took me off Zoloft that I had been taking for over 20 yrs. He started me on a half of a dose to help with the nausea. It really worked with the pain and a little less Fibromyalgia fog. The only drawback was I got very short with people and couldn&#039;t handle stress. The Doctor put me back on half the Zoloft I had been on and all is well. It did not help with the chronic fatigue but I still would give it a 10"
"Had a heart attack four years ago &amp; for the first three years afterward, Plavix was my prescribed medication as a blood thinner.  I kept complaining to my physician that I was experiencing something weird; what I called a &quot;roving arthritis&quot;.  I was usually waking in the mornings with one or both hands so swollen in the joints that I couldn&#039;t hold a coffee cup. Or, I&#039;d get out of bed &amp; could only limp around due to swollen, painful ankles. I was miserable, so I finally did my own research online &amp; found Brilinta.  About one month after switching to Brilinta, my joint pain has totally stopped!  On Brilinta for almost a year; a very positive experience.  Only 1  negative: my insurance doesn&#039;t cover near as much as Plavix. Very spendy."
"I have used Rythmol or Propafenone for over 13 years for atrial fibrillation with good results. I&#039;m taking 225mg twice a day. I drink lots of coffee with no problems.  Alcoholic beverages will trigger my atrial fibrillation 95% of the time so I know longer drink. Wine seems to be the worst culprit. I have thought about an ablation but since the Rythmol works so well, I&#039;m hesitant to have the procedure."
"I take this for the bad days of my chronic pain syndrome that my doctor won&#039;t give an official diagnosis, but basically the symptoms are like those of fibromyalgia or chronic fatigue syndromes.  We&#039;ve ruled out everything else!  Anyway, I also take it for migraines, as I unfortunately don&#039;t tolerate the typical medicines for those.  As long as I really moderate how much and how often I take it, the pain is much more tolerable.  Not gone, but much better than it would otherwise be without it!  The downside to this drug (like all of the other opiates) is that I&#039;ve built a tolerance to it over the years.  Fortunately have never become physically dependent on it!  I find that it is better for me than Vicodin or Darvocet because it has less gastrointestinal side effects."
"I was put on Prozac (20mg) for severe OCD and anxiety 2 years ago and took it for a little bit over a year and it helped tremendously. I was dumb and stopped taking it and over the course of 5-6 months my OCD and anxiety slowly got worse to the point where I had been when I first started taking the medicine. I just started back up on it about 3 weeks ago and the first week on it was bad for me. I had lots of anxiety and suicidal thoughts. But here recently I&#039;m starting to notice some improvement in my anxiety. Don&#039;t stop taking Prozac just because you feel better. I found out the hard way and it&#039;s not worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on the medication for a little over a week so it&#039;s a little early but here&#039;s my experience so far. The first couple of days I was very tired and experienced some stomach upset. I also had some emotional outbursts- some crying which has since subsided. I read other reviewers comments before taking this medication and saw that taking too much too fast or titrating this too fast lead to unpleasant effects that were intolerable so I&#039;ve titrated extremely slowly and I haven&#039;t even gotten to the lowest registered dosage yet but have consistently lost about a pound a day and have lost a total of 7 pounds since starting a week ago. I consistently have a very slight stomach ache after eating but it goes away fairly quickly and is tolerable"
"I first started taking Elavil when I was 21 in 1983, and met my present day neurologist after being hospitalized with a severe migraine that didn&#039;t go away. He started me on 10mg, and over the years he has increased the dosage to 200mg a day. For it helps me with migraines and also with my depression for which I suffer from, as a result of my migraines.  The only side effect I suffer from is drowsiness and that is why I take it at night for it puts me to sleep. 
                                              "
"I was diagnosed with advanced fibromyalgia about 3 years ago. My doctor has been monitoring my my condition and it has worsen over the years. I am now considered advanced to severe and my doctor decided to try this and see if it would help my symptoms. Nucynta ER 200 mg has done wonders and given me new life. The down side is that local pharmacies don&#039;t stock it or want to carry on their shelves regularly because of cost and with my insurance not allowing me to order refills until I am only days away from running out. Also, their suppliers only deliver once a week and the pharmacy needs to know 2 days in advance to get it that week or you end up having to wait til next week and you start going through withdrawals and depending on meds....."
"I started on Saxenda on February 14, 2017. My weight was 295 lbs, I am 6&#039;3&quot; tall and 55 years of age. Today it is March 8, 2017. When I began using this product I experienced some sickness, itching and I was very tired however the appetite suppression effect was immediate. As such, I modified my diet to include more healthy and &quot;weight loss friendly&quot; foods. I also upped my doses every 4 days instead of every week as recommended. I am very pleased to announce today that all of the symptoms except the itching have resolved themselves. I have been on a full, 3.0 dose since March 2nd. At this time I am 281.2 lbs,  which is down about 14 pounds. My goal is a 50 pound weight reduction and I feel that with Saxenda this is a very realistic goal."
"I&#039;m 25 and I&#039;ve tried lots of different approaches to get rid of my acne. This is the first time I&#039;ve had any success. I should add that i had been prescribed benzoyl peroxide in the past but I think i started getting side effects and stopped. I SHOULD NOT HAVE STOPPED. That is my advice to anyone who starts using any benzoyl peroxide creams. Stick with it through the first few weeks of pain. It gets better. At least it did for me. It was so painful to begin with. My skin was red and so sore. It felt like a stinging burning itchy graze all over my face. No, it&#039;s not an easy treatment but this is exactly what i do...clean my face at night, one pump of epiduo, then BIO OIL not moisturiser, wash off in the morning. 1 month in and I&#039;m spot free"
"I was diagnosed with PMDD 3 years ago by my gynecologist &amp; was prescribed YAZ. Let me just say that it changed my hormones to a more controllable manner. I love YAZ &amp; I cannot live without it (honestly) without YAZ I have severe depression during ovulation &amp; cannot get out of bed. PMDD was interfering with my day to day life &amp; relationships. After 3 months of taking YAZ I felt 100% better, I know that every medication has side effects but I didn&#039;t get any on YAZ. I came off YAZ after my wedding to try fall a baby &amp; fell pregnant within 8 weeks. I have now given birth &amp; straight back on it as I wouldn&#039;t be able to go through PMDD with a new born baby."
"I am 57 and have suffered from eczema my whole life. I am allergic to everything and have constant itching on my face mostly. Sometimes I cannot figure out what has triggered when it gets worse. I have used steroid creams regularly for the last 40 years and when extremely bad they will put me on prednisone which is awesome until it comes back soon after I am off the medicine. I have been using Eucrista now for a week. It really stung at first but, fingers crossed, my eczema is MUCH better and it feels like there are a couple new layers of skin on my face....
Hoping."
"I have ADHD and Bulimia. I read through everyone&#039;s comments and I couldn&#039;t agree more. I am a 21 year old model living in New York City and suffered from chronic ADHD/ADD and Bulimia. Ritalin would make me so jittery I couldn&#039;t even try to do anything. 1 hour of euphoria that led no WHERE. (Focalin *is new* did the same thing just paid more!) So they tried everything in every batch: Daytrana, Focalin and Ritalin.. then Vyvanse with Adderall IR or AddXR with ADD IR

Anyways I looked up online and saw how Dexedrine is what makes up half of Adderall. I asked my doctor he was like &quot;ehh&quot; but he went for it. I&#039;ve been on it ever since. I think it is the most under credited ADHD/Stimulant medicine on the market. I have no anxiety, clean concentration! "
"I was on a ten day treatment taking three pills four times a day. I was also taking Omeprazole twice daily. It helped a lot as far as the sickness and nausea go. Dark urine and stool was about the only side effect I experienced except for dry mouth during the night. The key is to make sure you eat plenty before each dose. Do NOT eat or drink dairy while taking it. I made that mistake one time and that&#039;s all it took. Other than that I felt pretty good. I will also suggest a good brand of  probiotic to take daily as well. It was a tough ten days but I believe it&#039;s well worth it."
"Complete elimination of symptoms which were severe.  I preferred not taking a benzodiazepines and tried numerous other medications that were either ineffective or effective for a brief period of time.  I am back on the Klonopin (1 mg at supper time) and am symptom free.  "
"I take Xanax very rarely with Lexapro as my primary anxiety med. Xanax works perfectly to knock out secondary panic and anxiety symptoms, the best as needed anxiety med on the market. I don&#039;t recommend it as your primary anxiety med though, too addictive."
"This is the easiest ddavp to individualize. The spray only delivers .1 ml at at time, not good for people who only require .05ml. The pill does not work....Period!. Sadly the manufacturer is discontinuing making the rhinal tube which is devistating to people like me who will now face illness due to wrong dosing or inadequate dosing."
"I have been taking Zoloft now for 7 Years. I felt almost instant relief for about a week after first taking it only to come crashing back down again. I guess it was some kind of placebo effect. But sticking it out and uping my dose to 200mg a day, after about six weeks I felt so much better. I could function and instead of my mind having 100&#039;s of things running through it I could focus on the one thing and work through my problems. My only side effects was an upset tummy. But that passed. I&#039;m grateful for this medication. It saved my life."
"The cream works wonderfully.  It is a little bit hot and you really feel the burn. The outcome is worth it but it is CRIMINAL how much the drug company charges for this medication!!!  It has been around since 1957 and in 2009 it cost $157.00 per tube, today it costs $2,865.00.  Absolutely abuse!"
"My cholesterol had been over 300 for years. We (myself &amp; Dr.) tried diet from a nutritionist along with my regular exercise, cholesterol, no change. We then went to medication. After three different meds, which two did lower the count, but not enough to really matter. So, a year or so later my doctor ask if I was willing to try Vytorin, and I said, Why not. After being on Vytorin for approximately 2 1/2 months I was scheduled for my routine blood work-up and when the results came back I was shocked when the doctor read the results. My LDL was below 100 and the HDL was up to 75. I have been on Vytorin for about 6 years and I never worry about my cholesterol. I try to eat healthy, but I no longer worry about or read food labels."
"I believe Savella has been the most effective out of everything I&#039;ve tried.  I&#039;ve had no side effects and it works quickly.  My only complaint is after a year and a half my body built up a tolerance and I had to stop taking it for a while.  I&#039;m happy to say that I&#039;m back on it and I&#039;m pain free."
"I&#039;ve been taking 1 mg of Klonopin for a year now and have tried so many others. It works better then anything I&#039;ve had. I have very bad anxiety which just comes out of no where. Also had a problem with just being in public and now I can. I wouldn&#039;t make it without it."
"This is the best weight loss pill. I took it for three months and I lost 60 pounds. Its amazing, but we also have to understand that after taking them, we need to learn how to control our hunger, and make changes in our eating habits for life, because if we stop taking them and start eating bad for sure you are going to gain all the weight back  more. Good luck."
"I&#039;ve only been on 10mg of citalopram for a week but I already feel more calm on it. I take it at night, I haven&#039;t noticed a lack of sex drive, shakiness or anything like that. My Dr did say that the 1st week on it can be the worse for anxiety but that it would get better. I honestly haven&#039;t noticed that my anxiety has been worse, if anything it has definitely taken the edge off. I&#039;ve had PTSD for the past 15 years. playing sports and eating healthy has always made me feel better but I recently suffered a torn PCL while playing ice hockey and not being able to do any physical activities has left me quite frustrated and depressed. I&#039;m hoping the Rx will only be temp until I can have surgery and get back to physical activities."
"I&#039;m so excited how niacin has changed my life.. I&#039;ve suffered from depression and anxiety attacks for years. It started when I was 7th grade.. I&#039;m now 62yr old and been through many drugs and doctors.. When I decided to try niacin it was the last straw for me. With the help and support of my daughter she insisted for me to give it a try. She is taking classes to become  nutritionist and came across info on this supplement called niacin and read great testimonies.  So I took her advice and began to take it. I&#039;m so amazed how it has lifted my depression, anxiety, and unwanted fear. I feel like a new person, confident , happy and wanting to endeavor in new activities.. Nothing is holding me back!! There is hope for me now.."
"I really had edema all over my body (i.e. face, hands, feet), but especially on my legs!  I went to my doctor and she prescribed this medication to me, it&#039;s working like magic! I take it in the morning as soon I wake up, I noticed it&#039;s more effective taken on empty stomach, then after breakfast and so on. I had to deal with some headaches(minor), but it was definitely worth it!!"
"This medication has changed my life. Been using for over 3 months and have gone from wearing 3 heavy pads per day to none. I also missed a couple of doses and immediately had incontinence. I took 2 x 25mg in one day and it reversed the problem and I got right back on schedule. For me its been a gradual improvement overtime so ladies, don&#039;t give up. I also take it separately from my blood pressure meds as to not interfere just in case. Also, insurance doesn&#039;t cover but you can download their Savings Card and pay less than half. That works for other non-covered meds like Crestor."
"Weight loss, more energy, much less anxiety and stress, no mood swings. I do feel shaky in the morning and at night and don&#039;t sleep quite as soundly."
"I had a UTI once as a teenager and got this as rx and worked wonders! Went in to my doctor today for same symptoms after having a kidney stone. The doctor said I don&#039;t have any infection but  it was still hurting. I bought this over the counter (Uricalm) and still works wonders! I feel so much better! If your bladder hurts, use this!"
"This medication has helped tremendously since I started taking it last week. Just the drowsiness is the downside, this medicine works better than Vicodin, Percocet, etc."
"Been on Quetiapine MR for around 9 months. 300mg at night. Found it far less sedating than Olanzapine. Its been a miracle for my Bipolar, absolutely no depression and no manic episodes. Yeah I put on weight but the effects on my mood and mental health have been incredible."
"I&#039;ve had a wonderful experience with Adderall! It helps me focus and get up to do the daily things that need to be done plus more!"
"Methadone is my lifesaver. I have had back pain associated with nerve damage. Degenerative disc disease, herniated discs, bursitis and some other minor/major problems here and there. I was taking ten to twelve Percocets a day. I heard about clinics that give doses of methadone daily. I went and now I&#039;m happy to get my methadone daily. I take nothing else and couldn&#039;t be happier. Methadone works the best for pain and its long-acting and I take it for opiate addiction as well. I&#039;m on 50 mg and it just works great."
"It seems a lot of women are allergic to this or something because this worked for me and provided me relief from the bad itching. I&#039;m finished with the 3rd use and have no more symptoms."
"23 days ago, I started phentermine and went to the doctor today and lost a total of 18 pounds! WOW!! I was 243lbs and now 225lbs. In 30 days I expected to lose no more than 10 pounds! The real key here is if you are overweight like me. The first thing you need to do is start on a 1200 calorie diet with these pills. I count them with my fitness pal and you can just scan your foods you eat. I also up my calories by 200-300 calories on the weekends and don&#039;t take the pill on these days. If you only eat under the 1200 calories your body will go into starvation mode and the next time you eat anything bad, you will gain weight. You can drink diet pop and flavored water. I USUALLY eat breakfast, lunch, dinner and about a 200 calorie snack at night (usually chocolate fudge cake and ice cream). "
"I had restless legs almost every night. I dreaded to go to bed because I knew I would be in misery.I started taking requip my dr. recommended and wrote a RX for. I have never had restless legs once after starting it. I am so thankful I have this medication."
"I was on this firstly for social anxiety disorder , after 1 month I felt pleased, happy and had interest in doing any thing then I concluded that I had mild depression but it has done nothing for my SAD,  but it helped by giving me the desire to socialize .. my ratings : 10 for depression and 6 for SAD"
"I have tried everything to quit but failed every time but I started taking Chantix and I am 33 days smoke free. I cannot believe how great this is. My husband is still smoking and has not once told me he is proud of me. He probably figures this wont work like the rest. I am going to stay smoke free just to prove myself that I can quit and he can&#039;t."
"This medication is great.  I&#039;ve tried several other antidepressants and this one is by far the most effective especially when taken concurrently with an SSRI.  The only bad thing about it is it makes you shake like a leaf.  I once spilled a drink all over me because I couldn&#039;t hold it steady.  But this side effect is insignificant in comparison to the benefits of taking the medicine."
"Atralin is an amazing ointment for acne prone, sensitive skin. I got a prescription for the topical gel because I was having mild to moderate breakouts and had acne scarring that had occurred before I went on Accutane. My skin is very sensitive, so I needed a mild gel. Every night I put a pea sized amount into my palm, mixed it with a small amount of my facial night cream, dabbed bits of the mixture all over my face and neck and then applied my night cream as usual. At first I was discouraged because I was very consistent with my regime and did not see results for many weeks. Then, after about three months of daily use, my acne and acne scarring began to clear up dramatically. I have not had a blemish in months!"
"I&#039;m 22, have never been pregnant, and had my Mirena inserted ~3 weeks ago. Other than some slight cramping during and some moderately worse cramping later that day and for a few days after (nothing pain killers can&#039;t handle) it&#039;s been great!  I used to have really heavy, really painful periods (which is why I went with Mirena over the paraguard) and though I was supposed to get my period the week after they put it in I haven&#039;t had anything but super light, almost non-existent spotting."
"Love this medicine!! I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks. It also stop the cravings for  alcohol and cigarettes. So I&#039;ve quit smoking and drinking!! Love it no side effects either other than the first day where I felt like I had the worse hangover ever!! But now I feel great!"
"Before I got my IUD I researched a ton about what to expect during and after the procedure. All the reviews had me terrified of the procedure, saying it was the most pain they&#039;ve ever had, that they fainted, that they were bleeding for months afterwards, etc. DO NOT listen to these. Every experience is incredibly personal and will be different for every single person! The procedure itself felt like a slightly more extreme period cramp, and then for the next few days I had mild cramps that were on and off, nothing different from a normal period. I have some spotting but it is very tolerable and manageable. Overall, this has been an extremely effective contraceptive for me."
"Good experience. Got the med a long time ago. Some people react different to tramadol. It is heavy. But in my case far more effective than other medicines."
"I have been on Latuda for a little over a year now. It&#039;s been extremely helpful for both mania and depression. I had psychotic mixed episodes, which Lithium did not help. On Latuda, I feel stable and like myself. However, I have &quot;mild&quot; akathisia, meaning I don&#039;t twitch, but I feel horrible if I take it during the day. I take it at night before bed with Lorazepam as needed, (I am probably going to switch to a more regular sleep med soon) and that pretty much solved the problem. The only issue is that it is expensive, but thankfully I have insurance that covers it after my deductible."
"I had severe pain in both shoulders for a couple of years and tried everything offered over the counter and some prescriptions that were mind benders to me. After surgery the pain was reduced from a 10 to a 5 which was almost tolerable. Ibuprofen caused constipation and aspirin caused stomach problems. A young female intern at the VA finally prescribed the Etodolac and now I live nearly pain free most of the time. Even the developed back pain that has developed over the years is more tolerable and I can live a normal life with little restraint."
"I&#039;ve actually lost weight on this pill. Every other birth control pill made me gain lots of weight. Periods are short. It has no side effects that I&#039;ve noticed. Compared to other pills I&#039;ve tried, this is the best. I recommend it! I do not get acne, or crazy mood swings, or anything of that sort on this pill. It works beautifully"
"I think the people doubting the effectiveness of doxycyline on their bronchitis either have a rare allergic reaction, aren&#039;t being diagnosed properly, or they&#039;re improperly associating their negative symptoms with the doxycycline. I&#039;ve been taking one pill twice a day for the last 60 hours -- every time on an empty stomach -- and I&#039;ve had absolutely no negative symptoms. Not even gastrointestinal. Been feeling better every day. The ones discouraging use are a loud minority"
"I have been taking this pill for almost two weeks and it has increased my libido times 100 and I am feeling normal again... Not as many mood swings as before and no depression. I have increase G-spot sensation and feel amazing ... It will be nice to have my period only 4 times a year. I would recommend this to patients who have had difficulties with frequent UTIs and yeast infections due to the pill. I would never go back to Junel after this."
"My Saviour, Suffered severe anxiety panic attacks constantly for the last 4 wks heart racing trembling stomach, tried numerous meds citalapram, sertraline, prozac etc which all made my anxiety much worse. My dr prescribed 5mg twice daily of diazipam, morning &amp; night I take 2.5mg in the evening a quarter in the morning &amp; the other quarter in the afternoon so 5mg in all daily. It has instantly been a. lifesave and a wonder drug for me.  I don&#039;t plan on over doing it or staying on it for very long. but if anyone is suffering badly I would say there is no harm in giving it  a try. If you can -  the side effects from other meds I&#039;d tried was horrific &amp; with diazepam I&#039;ve had non.  I hope this helps"
"I just got the generic brand of the monistat 1 it was like $20.  This is a very strong medication although it said one day, the instruction pamphlet said that complete relief will come in 7 days for most women. I applied the topical cream 3x a day, the cream did burn a little after immediate application but settled down
day 1 incredibly itchy, ice pack on lady bits, intense burn about 20 min after putting the oval capsule in, there was quite a bit of discharge from it. Day 2 a little bit better, not much. Day 3 itching is way less, small discharge, Day 4 &amp; 5 not much change. Day 6 almost nothing, just super dry day 7 completely done, no itch no burn, still a little dry down there but overall a success. hang in there!"
"I was on the Nuvaring and the Patch before that.  I had terrible moodswings, irregular bleeding and weight gain.  I have none of that with this pill.  I am 45 years old and having been using for over two years."
"Helps tremendously to focus and stay focused to get something finished vs 10 things started and nothing finished! There is a correlation between auditory processing disorder and ADHD/ADD. Many of us with ADHD/ADD have hearing issues, and &quot;Intelligibility&quot; is a HUGE issue when trying to learn.  Unfortunately, the so-called &#039;hearing tests&#039; provided by schools are directed at deafness, not Intelligibility - if a student is unable to hear/understand words, than how much education &quot;can/do&quot; they actually receive?  Focalin has helped me with both, but I also required hearing aids - which wasn&#039;t done until I was 28 yrs old and &quot;demanded&quot; a full hearing test WITH a simple back-to-back repeating of similar sounding words, I only got 60% right. "
"I have overactive bladder &amp; Incontinence really bad for being in my late 30&#039;s. I never thought a single patch for 24 hours could even function for my disfunctional bladder. I put it on for the first time after I showered before bed, waking up I didn&#039;t feel as full and didn&#039;t have to rush to the bathroom. During the day no leakage at all when I walk and no urge. I feel normal again. All I know whoever invented this is genius cause it is so nice to not wear pads, but please just reduce the price a bit."
"This is extremely effective in preventing pregnancy. However the side effects are HORRIBLE. I have been on my period for most of this year. I got this in around the end of February beginning of March about two weeks later I started a full on period. It lasted for about THREE MONTHS, my doctor had to give me a prescription for it to stop. Then it stopped for about a month and started again and hasn&#039;t stopped since. That&#039;s another TWO MONTHS. I have been on my period for most of this year. This is not to mention the depression and 20 pound weight gain. "
"I had my IUD inserted over 6 months ago. The insertion process was debilitating, the clamp slipped off my cervix THREE times. I had excruciating cramps the rest of the day which I medicated with Aleve and a heating pad. After that, no symptoms! No period! No spotting, no cramps, no headaches etc. etc. Until last week, I&#039;ve started cramping and spotting REALLY dark blood. I&#039;m having headaches and breaking out. I&#039;m hoping this is temporary but I&#039;ve struggled to find reviews from anyone who has had it in as long as me or longer. Fingers crossed it doesn&#039;t persist or get any worse!"
"Love love love it! I got pregnant while using nuvaring so I wanted a bc that was much safer, well I found it!!! I hated it the first month but everything after that has been a breeze! 1000% worth it! I recommend to all my girlfriends"
"This medication changed my life! I&#039;m 22 and had had acne for about 4 years. I had tried everything from OTC to home remidies to topical gels from my general doctor, but nothing worked. I finally went to the derm and he prescribed 100mg  twice a day. That was too much for my body and I got severe nausea, headaches, anxiety. I opted to only take one 100mg pill every night and within three weeks I saw drastic changes! Now 3 months in I have no live breakouts just a couple scars!"
"When I first used this, I thought this was a miracle eye drop. My eyes were fully red, bloodshot, and 1 minute after I dropped the medication in my eye, I was shocked to see fast my eyes looked normal."
"I am a new person after taking this. I can live and not be in constant despair. It did take a while to work and together with praying the rosary, I have finally reached a state of contentment."
"This medication is very activating without making me anxious. I take it for depression, but I also have general anxiety disorder, and OCD. I was a little worried about taking it at first because one of the side effects indicated that it could make anxiety worse, but I didn&#039;t have that problem at all. It definitely helps with depression and lifting my mood. It&#039;s not a &quot;happy pill,&quot; but it is good with getting and keeping you going and not letting depression ruin you and keep you from doing what needs to be done and living your life."
"I am totally happy with getting mine done! I have not had a period at all since getting it done in January 2015. I would recommend you having pains meds readily available before and after getting it done. It does hurt. I have some cramping every once in a while. But totally love it!"
"I&#039;ve suffered from IBS-C for a few years now. Normally Miralax does the trick but can take a few days. I decided to try MC, drank the full 10oz of the grape flavor thinking I had to. Should have stopped at 1/3 of the bottle. Any who, drank it from 7:45-9:30pm after puting it in the freezer for 30 minutes. Didn&#039;t feel much right away and thought it didn&#039;t work. That&#039;s until my stomach started gurgling. Then came the pains and a lot of bloating. Holy batman, the pains! Still nothing came out after an hour filled with multiple tries. Laid down hoping to sleep through the discomfort. Was awaken at 4am and sprinted to the bathroom. It worked. It&#039;s still working 8 hours later! Solution is VERY effective, may take a few hours to kick in."
"Have been taking for 13 years. Have been seizure free. It has changed my life. Only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is a little more tired than normal. Only sometimes. Other than that good to go!"
"I was prescribed 500mg a day for a shoulder injury, I am so used to dealing with terrible period pain and extremely heavy flow that it wasn&#039;t the reason I went to see a doctor. Not only does it help with my shoulder pain but my period has completely turned around into an experience I do not dread and worry about. I am so grateful to have been prescribed it. I don&#039;t have to put my life on hold to hide at home in pain and all around feeling terrible. When I started getting my period until I graduated high school I would always end up missing a day or two because of how much pain I was in and how heavy my flow was. When I worked I would dread the days with it and a lot of the time miss work because of it."
"I was in a car accident that left me in a body cast for almost 1 year.  I finally found a pain management Doctor that I am brutally honest with, he put me on Percocet 10/325, we got rid of the Lortabs, added up to 3- 5mg Valium for spasms and I am functioning every day.  I am no longer the guinea pig for all the super strong meds.  No more morphine, fentanyl patches, etc.  I know I may not be very pretty on the outside, but I can move, lift small objects, push a vacuum cleaner and believe it or not, I can slow dance with my husband.  I was handed back my quality of life because of this medicine. My bed is to sleep in now, not live in.  It&#039;s worth every dime for what it has given me."
"Well, I&#039;ve had IBS issues for almost 5 years now. My prior Doctor put me on some other meds that helped with the have Diarrhea and stomach pain like nervous/unease/anxious. I have no reasons for these feeling at the bottom of my stomach. But the currents help but I still have those feeling and I&#039;ve kinda learned to live with them. 
I heard about this new Drug and ask my doctor to let me try it and being on Viberzi 100mg two times a day. Now for 4 days, those feeling are like gone and no side effects. I cannot believe it, my BM are close to normal, food does not go straight thru me and those anxious feeling have disappeared. It has REALLY helped thus far. May 2016"
"I had a colonoscopy today and was given Propofol. As soon as the Anesthetist administered it, I started to taste it, then felt numbness in my chest, closed my eyes and within seconds was asleep.  I woke up when the procedure was done and the Anesthetist asked me who Valerie was...apparently I was speaking about my daughter while asleep. Didn&#039;t wake up groggy or anything. Just hoping I didn&#039;t embarrass myself sleep talking!  "
"I JUST took my first Lorazepam 2 days ago. I had them in my purse for 2 weeks trying to cope with my severe anxiety attacks.  After leaving a 12 year abusive marriage and being diagnosed with an autoimmune Thyroid disease I have been a basket case. So thankful I finally took one. I only take 1/3rd of the 0.5 pill but it prevents the attacks. I still feel some anxiety so maybe I will try 1/2 a pill. I am just paranoid about pills. So thankful for these...would not be coping without them!"
"A few weeks ago I wasn&#039;t feeling well. I felt dizzy, faint, stomach was hurting, nausea and sweaty. After that day I just couldn&#039;t eat anything. Days went on and I would eat 4 spoons of applesauce for the whole day. The thought and smell of food made me feel nauseous so I didn&#039;t eat. Beacuse of that I lost 10 lbs in 1 week. They gave me this medicine to take 3 times a day to get my appetite back. And it works!! It only took 2 days to start working for me. I finally can eat normal again."
"I have been using the Nuvaring for 8 years now and I will never ever switch to anything else.  To start, I don&#039;t do birth control pills very well because I forget to take them.  Lucky me, I really don&#039;t have to remember much with the ring.  All I have to do is circle the date in my calendar for the days I need to take the ring out and put it back in.  I didn&#039;t feel like having a period in June (gotta love this part!) so I just kept my ring in during my &quot;period week&quot; and changed the ring normally after that week.  I have had absolutely NO side effects.  I have little cramping and I know the EXACT dates I will flow.  Now, I do have mood swings, but that is normal for women, regardless what birth control methods you use.  I HIGHLY recommend it!"
"I love this product! I was in severe pain until I started taking Advil. Right away I like felt the pain go away - it was like the first time I heard the Beatles. Thank you so much."
"In one year, taking phentermine for three months on three months off, I lost 112 pounds! This was on the 37.5mg daily with some diet and exercise change after the first month. But in the first month with no change at all I lost 22 lbs. This medication changed my life."
"Never got used to drinking coffee, my stomach could not really stand it and energy drinks did only go so long before their side effects started to kick in and affect my health. After the age of 25 I found myself being so mentally tired all the time and would take several hours to fully awake no matter how many hours I slept. I tried a travel size pack of Vivarin once at work and felt the difference right away, after only 10 minutes I was able to concentrate and finish what used to be my 2 hour paperwork in about 30 minutes. Have not had any side effects when I take it as it is described and there was no boost limit since it only woke me up! I would not recommend taking more than two pills at once or with any other caffeine product though!"
"Almost 6 weeks on Contrave and still going strong. I&#039;m down 13 lbs; 168 at 5&#039;1 to 155. Side effects I&#039;ve noticed this far, still bouts of nausea and only threw up once. I recommend taking with food and lots of water. Dry mouth seems to have subsided, still have a slight hum in my ears and my right hand twitches mildly intermittently. I have energy, an overall feeling of well being and 90% control over my eating. Sticking to a 1400 calorie or less diet with no trouble. Scale down program is very encouraging. I feel like I eat breakfast, small lunch and then am just not hungry the rest of the day, amazing how it turns off desire to eat mindlessly. Some taste changes, I love eggs, but can&#039;t eat now. Pls try for yourself, or you&#039;ll never know."
"So far so good. I&#039;ve been on Junel for 6 months and it&#039;s been great! It has prevented pregnancy, and made me finally get my period 17 and never had a period so my dr. put me on Junel). I now get my period regularly. only negative is I have pretty bad mood swings, which I had before I was put on birth control, but now they&#039;re worse. I think it does a really good job other than that."
"I gained a lot of weight after having my 1st son and a failed IUD. My doc prescribed Adipex 37.5 and I took it 5-6 days per week for 5 months. In the beginning it gave me extreme dry mouth and it was hard to fall asleep because of the energy boost but it suppressed my appetite A LOT and if I ate to much it made me vomit.  I started working out slowly a few times per week and by the time I stopped taking it I was working out 5 days a week. I am 5&#039;8 and my start weight was 195 my end weight was 137.After my 2nd son I lost the weight easily and got back down to 140 but after my daughter I gained and could not lose anything, my energy was low and I could not control my appetite.  As soon. As I am done breastfeeding I will be taking Adipex again"
"Very effective for depression and obsessive thoughts. There is a side effect of drowsiness for the first few weeks, which gets better. I also take clonazepam for anxiety. This seems to be a much better treatment than the Cymbalta/Buspar combination I took a few years ago."
"I have severe back pain, and nerve impingement. I have tried at least 7 medications that are used to treat this disorder. There are some that work better but the side effects make it impossible to live a normal life. There are those that don&#039;t work at all. This is the only medication that I have taken that allows me to live a normal life. I can sit in a chair or ride in a car without my back spasms killing me. Baclofen is the only medicine I have found that allows me to work without spasms, and not be so fatigued like a zombie. "
"I had the original Synvisc 3 in my left knee with no measurable improvement and ultimately had a complete knee replacement. My right knee is a complete success story. I have had four Synvisc One injections and I am scheduled for another next month. The pain relief was incredible, yes the shot itself is uncomfortable but not excruciating. I have had anywhere from five to six months of relief each time. I would recommend this procedure to anyone."
"I was on the pill for about three months, and the first month I took it at the same time each day but that started to change over time and I still got pregnancy scares each month. So I got the Implanon put in about a month ago, I wasn&#039;t sure if I wanted to get it due to all of the negative comments.. but it&#039;s BEYOND worth it. I&#039;m afraid of needles, so it took awhile for me to get the numbing shot, but after that it&#039;s pain free. You honestly can&#039;t even feel it being put in, at all. I have a little red spot where it was put in but nothing extreme. The only bad part was the huge bandage you had to wear for 24 hours, it made it hard to move. I recommend this to anyone who doesn&#039;t want pregnancy scares or a child in the next three years!"
"I&#039;ve been suffering from major depression &amp; anxiety for the past few years until I finally decided I&#039;ve had enough! Initially I was prescribed Cipralex which helped with my anxiety but I gained way too much weight &amp; couldn&#039;t stop eating so after approx 6 months I went off it which wasn&#039;t hard at all, no withdrawal symptoms. 
I was then put on Wellbutrin 150mg then after approx 1 month up to 300mg. I felt great positive energy   lost a lot of the weight I gained. After approx 1 year I felt that this med was totally ineffective &amp; I wasn&#039;t feeling anything. 
My doc then prescribed Cymbalta which appeared to work well for approx 1 month then after the next 2 months I didn&#039;t feel anything.
Now I&#039;m on Pristiq for just over 5 weeks, I feel good."
"Hello, I started Contrave exactly 4 weeks ago; I&#039;ve lost 9 lbs. I&#039;ve been running &amp; speed walking 4.5 miles a day. Earlier I nearly passed out running and realized I had to exercise prior to taking my morning dose. Back pain this week, so two days off from running &amp; got acupuncture. Headaches were severe the 2nd and 3rd weeks, not anymore.  Difficulty urinating, &amp; waking up to pee twice a night started in week 2 and still persists, though not as severe now. I still think about food more than I wish, but I&#039;m able to cook &amp; bake w/o tasting the food. Oranges and yogurt are satisfying when I&#039;m struggling. Magnesium oxide is a must for constipation. I&#039;m happy, &amp; 13 lbs to reach goal."
"I know this birth control has had some rocky reviews, but I swear when I say it changed my life. After being on birth control for four years I started having a period that wouldn&#039;t stop. I underwent exploratory surgery, tried many different birth controls and nothing was helping or giving us answers as to why. I have severe ovarian cysts that start forming immediately if I am not on birth control, so I have a choice of finding a birth control that works or being in and out of the hospital in severe pain and rupturing cysts. Finally my gynecologist suggest Taytulla. I was skeptical because after trying five different birth controls I was losing hope. Two days after starting Taytulla my constant bleeding stopped."
"This product works so well. I have been using it everyday for 2 Weeks now and have no acne anymore. Its amazing. I love it. I highly recommend this product. I&#039;d buy even without my insurance covering it, its that good!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Wellbutrin for two years for depression. My general mood, concentration, and energy levels are much improved. I have a tendency towards anxiety, but most bad, depressed, or anxious moods last approximately half an hour and then go away. Before I took Wellbutrin, these moods could have lasted days. It slightly decreased my appetite and I&#039;ve lost ten pounds. Negative side effects have included dry mouth, headaches, and occasional dizziness. Despite these, Wellbutrin has improved my life a lot and I believe that the medicine is more than worth trying."
"Let me start off by saying how much this has changed my life. This is the most amazing product I have ever used in my entire life. For the past 5  years I have always suffered hyperhydrosis. It didn&#039;t matter the weather it was outside, I would always be sweating under my arms. If it was 90 degrees or 20 degrees I would be sweating close to the same amount. After using this product 1 time my sweating COMPLETELY stopped!! I never thought any product would solve my problem but I was so wrong. I am so happy this is now in my life because I can&#039;t imagine going back to my old days of sweating. I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone suffering hyperhydrosis! This product is life changing."
"I read many reviews before starting Contrave the end of Nov. 2015. I have now been on the FULL dose of the medication for two full months and have lost about 16 pounds. I highlight full dose because I truly don&#039;t think there is much benefit until you hit four pills a day. Many reviewers were disappointed in the first month because hadn&#039;t seen a difference. Once I was on the full dose, the results were immediate!  My appetite has been substantially curbed, I don&#039;t have cravings, and I feel fuller faster!  It&#039;s up to you to put your fork down though! Side effects: a bit of the shakes with each dose increase which went away after a few days, slight dry mouth, and constipation. All very minimal.  Use the program www.scaledown.me with it!!"
"I have had cold sores since I have been a child. I would get them about every six weeks. I would treat them as soon as,I felt the the tingle.. A year ago I was getting tests done in preparation for a trip to Germany.. I had a fever blister. Dr prescribed Valtrex.. I took one pill for two days... I have not had another break out in over a year..miracle for me."
"I&#039;ve not drank alcohol for 4 days. I&#039;ve have been drinking between 1.5 bottles to 2 bottles of wine for the past 1-2 years and finally decided to stop. I stopped three days ago and was worried I would have severe withdrawals however since taking Baclofen I have been absolutely fine (started on a dose of 10mg and gone up to 30mg but this depends on your dependency on alcohol). I have been thinking of alcohol lots which is expected but I&#039;m been sleeping better than when I do drink (as I normally wake up at 3am with extreme anxiety or worries in my life) and now don&#039;t feel any anxiety. I&#039;m determined to stay on this path and feel proud of myself already. 
I would recommend study on the web and look at all sorts of alternatives remedies."
"I was surprised that the 1st night I noticed a huge difference in how I felt.  I have not had any of the side effects that are listed except for being tired. I am on day 6 and I am still amazed on how it does work.  The cost is the only thing I do not like about this medicine. But if I had to take it again I would."
"I have been on Sutent for 4 months. My cancer is shrinking and it is not bad. I am on Oxycontin as well because the cancer had gotten into my bones and spine. Degradation of my spine. So I now have a brace in my back. Side effects. Sutent has almost a narcotic effect on me. Bad gas and my taste buds are all messed up. Constipation. My biggest complaint comes during the 2 weeks off. Its like I go through withdrawals that are really intense. Shaking, pain all over. And I&#039;m so weak for those two weeks its hard if not impossible to get out of bed. But all in all Sutent has been doing its job many of the tumors are smaller if not gone. And the large masses went from baseball to golf ball size. Pleased with Sutent."
"After having a traumatizing experience presenting in front of my class, I decided to visit a doctor. He prescribed me 20 mg of propranolol and told me to take it 1 hour before my presentation. I had doubts whether this will actually work for me or not since I was deathly afraid of public speaking and nothing I ever tried ever helped me. I went inside the classroom feeling absolutely horrified. When my professor called my name, I felt a huge surge of anxiety but as soon as I got up and started presenting, I felt that it was tolerable.

It still wasn&#039;t a pleasant experience and I didn&#039;t do an amazing job at it but I felt extremely satisfied that I got the presentation done."
"I&#039;m a 21 year old college student and I recently had my Mirena inserted for the first time. I was terrified from all the reviews I read beforehand, so I felt the need to share my experience. I took 800mg of ibuprofen an hour before I saw my gynocologist, nonetheless the insertion process was like getting a pap smear only much much worse since I&#039;ve never had my cervix dialated before. Don&#039;t let this hinder you from getting it, it only lasted me 1-2 minutes and being worry-free for the next five years is 100% worth the shortlived pain. Had it inserted Friday and by Sunday I was good as new. No pain, no spotting! And it&#039;s been this way for the last month :)"
"Yasmin kept my skin clear and my period &#039;normal&#039; for years.  As soon as I stopped it, life became disastrous again.  My face was oily and broke out.  I had coarse facial chin hair growing constantly.  Periods were heavy with cramps I had to take 800mg Ibuprofen for.  I started taking them again after 6 months off....  Upon resuming, in the 1st month I had NO significant change in acne or facial hair.  The second month, slight  breast tenderness and, my face was less oily.  Breakouts are LESS but not gone yet.  There is less facial hair.    Into month 3, breast tenderness is gone and improvements in skin and hair continue.  This pill is great for women with PCOS like myself.  I should have never stopped using it on the first place."
"I have been taking this drug for about 4 years.  Went in depression anxiety, and chronic insomnia.  I take 5 mg when I do take it and it works very well for me.  I have never experienced any of the horror stories that others have.  It immediately improved my mood, depression and anxiety as it finally allowed me to sleep.  I try not to take it more than 3 times a week to avoid dependency on it.  Sometimes I go weeks without it, sometimes 2 weeks straight on it due to situational anxiety."
"I take 300mg Lyrica once per day b4 bedtime..along with 1000 mg aceteminophen (Panadol/Tylenol) 3 times daily for trigeminal neuralgia..it is a godsend..i love this regimen..works wonders for my severe facial pain..the side effects i will take gladly for my pain relief..side effects include unsteady gait which subsides once my body gets accustomed to the dosage n lowered libido which returns within a day or two of not taking this regimen..otherwise i love Lyrica."
"I have been taking conserta 54 and 36 (legally )for many years now the only main side effects are that it cause you to lose your appetite , twitch a bit. I don&#039;t think its for everyone."
"5 years ago I used chantix to quit smoking. I had tried everything over the years I smoked and chantix was the only thing that ever stopped me from smoking. It even helped my mood. I suffer from depression and the chantix helped my mood during the time I used it. I am grateful for this medication"
"I have been using Adderall for about 2 years now. I am an adult male at the age of 25. I always had an issue focusing in school and I have had a &quot;rocking&quot; issue my entire life. I tend to rock back and forth while reading or sitting about. It was very difficult to complete homework because I would try to figure out the answers to my homework problems but my rocking would take all of my focus and no matter how hard I tried to stop the rocking, I would always end up doing it anyway. As I attended college I was put on academic probation and decided to see a Doctor. Since I have been diagnosed and prescribed Adderall, my life has changed 100% for the better. No more rocking and my focus is incredible!"
"A miracle pill. I am 4 months without even a urge to drink. Started working first week. I was passing out most days and also had been to rehab. Also stopped biting my nails. An unexpected help for that lifelong habit."
"I am a 31 yr old executive professional... 6 yrs ago I was making great money and partying all the time. 65 Norcos a day by my 3rd year, I found a Suboxone doctor (pretty tough to find in my area three yrs ago) and began taking it. The best day of my life was finding Suboxone. I&#039;ve been on Suboxone 3 yrs but now I&#039;ve begun tapering and within a year I should be off completely. Find a doctor and change your life today."
"I&#039;ve taken Correctol several times in my life and it worked without any horrible side effects. I had back surgery and was on oxycodone for two years. Now, off of oxycodone for over a year, I have taken Correctol. I get VERY &quot;jittery&quot;, feel like I have to vomit, and pretty heavy cramps. Using Correctol all while taking oxycodone I had no side effects. Evidently, the oxycodone exchange something in my body chemistry which causes me now to have bad side effects. But, the good outweighs the bad. I&#039;ll still use Correctol when I have to, but now with side effects."
"I have been on this medication for 2 months--50 mg.  It has reduced my frequency slightly (from 20 to 18 times), but has relieved the bladder pressure and urgency (that was constant).  I can almost sleep for 5 hrs without the need to urinate.  It has significantly improved the quality of my life. When I started the medication I had headaches, but after a week they disappeared."
"Having been a serious and functioning alcoholic for many years I finally hit rock bottom both health wise, and family wise, I ruptured blood vessels in my throat and almost drowned in my own blood, this was due to the amount of alcohol I was drinking.... the doctors told my wife I would not make it through the weekend.. I pulled through, I called my Dr to see if there was anything to kill the cravings. Campral was prescribed. I have been clean almost a month now. No cravings. For the first time I have my life back. More people need to be informed of this medication. If you are questioning yourself... give it a try. I did! It truly has saved my life and my marriage. I hope this helps someone. Good luck."
"I use metoclopramide for mild gastroparesis flare ups, as I&#039;ve had Type 1 Diabetes for 27 years. It works wonders on moving food through my stomach! The only side effect I&#039;ve had is tiredness after taking it, but it doesn&#039;t hit me all the time. When I take it before I eat I don&#039;t vomit or experience nausea. This is especially great since I love salad and I can&#039;t eat it without metoclopramide. Great drug! :-)"
"I am 27 years old and this pill is a god-sent. I used to have heavy, painful, irregular periods. But after starting the pill, my periods are regular enough I can predict them down to the hour, they are very light and short, and I have almost no cramping at all! I&#039;ve been taking them for 6 months and have no intention of stopping."
"I was considering changing over to the implant because the insertion process sounds easier but after reading THOSE reviews...I think I&#039;ll stick to my Mirena.

All in all I love my Mirena. It will be 4 years this month since I&#039;ve had it. I haven&#039;t had a period in over 3 years. Occasional spotting. Rare cramps. I haven&#039;t noticed any mood changes or acne or anything else people are reporting. My bf has never noticed when we have sex and there is no discomfort for me before or after. The ONLY thing I would say was not very pleasant about the Mirena is the insertion.  Probably the most painful thing I&#039;ve ever experienced thus far (32 yrs old, never been pregnant/given birth). Lasts a sec tho. All in all, highly recommend :)"
"It&#039;s an amazing drug. I have started having GAD due to the nature of my job, I had tried several meds and nothing worked for me. Pristiq made a huge difference in my life, where I felt alive again. For people afraid of withdrawal symptoms, I have weaned off Pristiq over a period of 2 months with no issues. Now after 2 months pristiq free , I am scheduling an appointment with my GP to go back on pristiq as stress levels has heightened again. The only side affect I had was lower sex drive which can be stressful, yet manageable. That&#039;s the only reason I have rated it 9"
"Epiduo forte really does work. Tried literally everything else except accutane ( including benzoyl, salicylic acid, clindamycin, tretinoin/retin-a, tetracycline, even birth control) and this is the one. Not completely cured, but sooo much better! Really no more inflammatory acne at all, nothing but small bumps left. Takes a few (like 3) months to work, so don&#039;t give up hope!"
"Such a life saver! I&#039;ve been sick my whole pregnancy so far and I am 26 weeks. Zofran stops the nausea and vomiting almost instantly."
"I have lived with anxiety for five years and it has been a living nightmare. I struggle with trying to relax and calm after a long days&#039; work. I am a mother, full-time employee and a recent college graduate (full-time, too). I have lived so long being stretched and now that I don&#039;t need to stretch that far, I have issues with trying to relax and take it easy. I am on Celexa and had to add Xanax to my regimen a year ago after having my first panic attack. I take 0.25mg as needed and sometimes before bed to help me sleep. Xanax has helped me calm my nerves and relax. Usually within the first half hour, I feel like I can chill out. It takes away the physical effects (shakiness and fast heart beat) and cools the mind and thought process."
"I was taking 10mg of diazepam. It really helped my anxiety I&#039;m now on 2mg. It really helps to calm you down and helps with anxieties and agitation! It doesn&#039;t help me sleep though. "
"I didn&#039;t think I would ever quit smoking until Chantix come along. I was skeptical at first and about to give up trying. I stuck to the regimen and finally quit after 9 weeks. I cannot believe I ever wanted to smoke before. I feel so great getting up each day knowing I am no longer a smoker. Thanks Chantix."
"It saved my life!  I can not, despite trying, take oral long acting narcotics.  The biggest issue is the perception and doctors reaction, including pain management professionals to this medication.  Yes, you develop dependence. Addiction is different.  It is when you abuse your medication and continue to do so despite negative problems coming from that.  The two words are NOT interchangeable.
I am on 112 mcg/hour and change every 48 hours rather than the normal 72 hour dosing.  It has allowed me to do the things I need to do in my life.  I was virtually bedridden before going on Duragesic.  It cover my pain for the most part, unless I am doing things physically that make the pain flare into a breakthrough.  I take Morphine 30mg for BT pain."
"This medicine has proven in 2 weeks to be good for Water retention, Sugar and its an appetite suppressant.

I noticed in my case thus far it has increased my desire for sweets marginally, no other noticeable side effects yet.

It definitely is an more viable replacement for Lasix   Potassium combination with less side effects."
"I have been on Effexor XR for approximately 7 years now. I was started off at 75mg and have since been raised to 225mg over the years. I have had good results on this medication. One downfall is the terrible withdrawals that I experience if I miss a dose. These effects happen within the first couple of hours of not taking it. Terrible headache, foggy feeling, and extreme eye sensitivity. Within a day of a skipped dose I become agitated, argumentative, and defiant. I do not look forward to switching from this medicine to a different one, which my doctor has suggested, due to the withdrawal symptoms."
"Other than it&#039;s cost ($60 with insurance)...I highly recommend this medication...Within 2 days of first taking it I felt 100% better."
"I am currently on 6mg of Risperdal and thinking about going up to 8mg. It has helped me control my impulses and stay on the right path. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia without paranoid thoughts. The paranoid thoughts only happen with street drugs. I still hear voices, but I seem to be managing them a lot better now. Both Halodol and Risperdal work extremely well for schizophrenia."
"I had to rate Accutane highly, as it did exactly as advertised. I lived with chronic cystic acne for most of my teenage years, and went on Accutane at 20. Six months of treatment, and my acne was gone. I&#039;m 37 now, and have not experienced any long term side effects other than having my acne cured. I tried many medicines to treat the condition, but this one flat-out cured it. I would not have thought it possible."
"Started back in June, and at first it seemed as though I was having all of the side effects from constipation to acid reflux, you name it.  So far I have gone from 212 to 182 lbs.  This is the only diet medication that has worked for me. It has always been a problem losing after being diagnosed with a thyroid condition.  I am grateful my physician decided to try me on Qsymia. "
"I have been taking Saxenda for a week (.6 dose) and I am not hungry. The 3rd day I felt a bit tired but, by day 5 that was gone. I do not have the cravings that I had before starting the medicine. My doctor gave me a 6 week sample along with a prescription + discount card. I can tell by how loose my clothes are that I have lost some inches. I am excited!"
"I have been on Ranexa for approximately 5 years and do not have any angina since then.  My only side effect that I have from this medication is &quot;ringing in the ears&quot; since I went on this medication, otherwise no complaints except for the cost."
"I have been on Seasonique for two years now and I love it!! It took about two packs, or six months, for my body to adjust to the new period cycle, but it wasn&#039;t a problem at all. I was 16 when I started taking it, and was surprised in how quickly it worked especially with my ever changing hormones. Having a period four times a year is AMAZING, and I have absolutely no spotting in between. Plus, when I do have my period, it only lasts for four or five days, and the longer I have been on Seasonique, the lighter they have become. The only downside for me is that I get an achy back and back spasms during the time of the period, but they are not severe and end soon as my period ends. Highly recommend!"
"dramatic"
"I&#039;ve been on this medications for 1 year with no problems  for a month my legs have been swollen.
I&#039;ve been on Zoloft 25g. No reaction, called PCP told to go to Urgent Care , went to Urgent Care was told to see PCP. I have an appointment In 3 weeks to see a kidney dr. Due to to Acute Kidney Injury. I am in severe pain , my legs are swollen from the thighs down. Hoping for relief soon."
"Been on Saxenda 7 days I lost 8 lbs... No appetite.side effects headache and nausea but its minimal with motrine Im good.  Im happy my Ins.  Covers this i pay 30 bucks everytime. I love this!!! I excercise and drink lots of water."
"This is a miracle product. I am zit free now. Try it, you will love it after a few weeks I am completely clear. A small amount of the product is used and tube lasts me about 2 months. Again, a miracle in a bottle."
"I was having a hard time having an appetite and getting full fast. It has helped me now eating better, I still have my IBS attacks with this pill or without it. Does help with acid reflux severe"
"I&#039;ve had a migraine for 4 days straight and tried different medicines including Naproxen (which helps my mom&#039;s migraines), Exedrin Migraine, Advil, etc. Nothing provided ANY relief. This morning my doctor gave me Frova and a Dex shot. Within 45 mins my migraine, that&#039;s been plaguing me from the moment I wake up to the minute I go to bed, is finally gone. I am so happy I can now function again without the crippling pain that&#039;s forced me stay inside all week unable to move without my head throbbing. I am so grateful for this wonder-drug. I highly recommend it. Thanks Frova."
"My finacea gel has been a lifesaver. Before I started it I was on antibiotics for my rosacea. Those helped but not nearly as much finacea. It has made my face go from extremely red and filled with dots and bumps to smooth and almost regular skintone. I can finally go outside without makeup and not feel like an alien. Only side effect is that it makes my skin itch and burn a little after applying it. I solve this problem by using a moisturizer 5 minutes later. Oh, and one tube lasts forever!"
"Was first prescribed this on my discharge from the hospital with pneumonia. Had me feeling great within a few days. Just had it prescribed again to clear up an ear infection and a little bit of a chest infection starting. Same thing, cleared up in days. Only down side is the metallic taste in the mouth. Some people suggest taking it at night to avoid that but sometimes I will wake up because of how awful it is. I also always make sure to take with yogurt to help ease my stomach."
"I have been suffering of migraine-tension headaches for more than two years now. I tried paracetamol, NSAIDs all not effective, until my doctor prescribed me on beta blockers &quot;propranolol&quot; Inderal 20mg twice a day, and my headache really improved after 2-3 months.

Thanks!"
"Cipro works great for me and is what I ask for.  I&#039;ve always been given 500 mg twice a day.  Knocks out the pain and burning within 24 hours.  For those who say they always get a yeast infection... take a supplement of acidophilus every day to replenish the good bacteria in your system.  You won&#039;t get the yeast infection if you do this.  Take it several days after stopping the Cipro, and you&#039;ll be good to go!  "
"I truly believe that Xanax has been the ONLY medication that has worked for my anxiety and depression....any other anxiety/depression prescription that I have been on never really worked, I would be shaky a lot, tired all the time, and I never just felt sane or content. I have been prescribed Zoloft, Paxil, and even Abilify but none of those worked! Xanax is what worked for me and it calms me down every time I need it, and that is a lot because I am easily upset and can easily become stressed out. This is a miracle medicine, it really is!"
"I started using fentanyl for Dercums disease over 4 years ago. I started on  25 mcg. and worked great until my body demanded more or became used to the medicine. I went to the 50 than to the 100 mcg every 48 hours. I felt normal again from the pain of this horrendous disease to a point! No one really understand how extremely painful this disease is! I just had a pain pump installed in October just because its much safer for long term use, and I will say what a difference if it wasn&#039;t for this medicine I&#039;ll be as honest as possible I would have taken my own life! It&#039;s that bad, I just wish more doctors would research this and understand, not make people think its all in their head. which they do!"
"Started this less than week ago.  Only side effects have been some fatigue and dry mouth. The dry mouth has caused me to drink more water which is good for anyone.. I started at 214 and am already 210. I feel full far sooner than before and dont feel the cravings I would always get during the day.. hopefully the fatigue will pass next week. Recheck with doctor on 6/2... cant wait!  Sadly, I&#039;m a lapband failure and never get the I&#039;m full feeling with it, so this is promising!"
"This is a fantastic medication.  The day I was prescribed it and started taking it was nothing short of a miracle.  I had never heard of anything like it before.  I had been on and off trials of anti-depressants like Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Zypreza, etc for years and none of them did anything for me.  This was an entirely different class of medication and the new psychopharmacologist I had told me so before he gave it to me.  When it kicked in after several weeks I literally felt it one day while riding the bus.  I was trying to have one of those negative, anxiety-ridden feelings and a flush just came over me that downgraded that sensation.  The only drawback is that this medication completely stopped working for me after one and a half years."
"I get Vaginosis around 3 times a year. I get the weekly dose that you take x3 times a day. It usually takes 2-3 days for my symptoms to stop. This time though my outer vagina lip is inflammed a little. This is the first time this has happened. This is most likely from me scratching the irritated area. I have been putting an ice pack on the lip to cool it down and ease the itching. This has worked, but I am still experiencing a slight tingling around the vaginal opening. I have only had 2 doses as this is my first day. I really hope this awful tingling stops overnight so I can get my life back. I do not experience any side effects and do sometimes drink a little while on these meds. Still works fine and do not feel sick at all!"
"I started Victoza a week ago and I have lost 10lbs. I think its brilliant but the only thing is the sickness. EVERY TIME I eat I vomit bit hopefully that wont last much longer. I (was) an insulin taker until I stopped at my own accord after piling on the pounds which is very dangerous. I think this medicine is the best ever. I have tried everything to lose weight and this is all that worked and plus my blood sugars are perfect since I started which they were all unbelievably high. I would say this is a life saver."
"I am 55 years old and have been taking Zoloft over 20 years. For me it has been a miracle medicine. I find I am much more on an even keel and while some things still upset me, it&#039;s far less than without Zoloft. I find too I am much more rational in my thought processes and am more confident of choices I make. I have several medical conditions that contribute to feeling depressed, overwhelmed, and yes, even suicidal but since I began my therapy with Zoloft, I want to live. Without Zoloft, I did not.  I encourage anyone who feels depressed to seek help by finding the right medication for you. Life is hard enough without having to cope with feelings of severe negative emotions. I am so grateful for whoever created Zoloft."
"My experience with accutane was amazing! I have always had acne and have tried everything over the counter but nothing worked. I did have some side effects including extremely dry lips, as well as pretty bad joint and muscle pain. My skin was also dry too including my scalp. But I loved it because I could go without washing my hair for a week! It was great. These side effects sucked while going through them, but absolutely worth it for the results! After a few months of finishing, my lips, scalp and skin were no longer as dry as they were while on the medication. My skin is definitely not as oily as it was before I started! I have no regrets about taking this Med and I would absolutely recommended accutane to others!"
"I got the paragard IUD about 7 months ago. The initial process of getting it inserted was pretty painful but SO fast! I wouldn&#039;t say my experience with the IUD was terrible but it has its downsides. I&#039;ve always had bad cramps and a pretty decent flow. I knew going into this that paragard would only make these things worse. Honestly, I can deal with the cramps and 10 day long periods. However, recently I&#039;m discovering that I&#039;ve gained about 20lbs in the past 6 months. It&#039;s all happening in my mid section and I&#039;ve read other women&#039;s stories claiming the same. It wouldn&#039;t surprise me if it was the paragard. I&#039;ve always easily gained weight on birth control, that&#039;s why I went with paragard. I plan to have it removed next week."
"I started taking spironolactone over a year and a half ago for moderate-severe acne that had been giving me awful self esteem, I was afraid to go out, and I was so depressed I was not myself anymore. Spironolactone has given me back my life. I didn&#039;t think it would ever be possible for me to feel pretty without makeup, but I&#039;m starting to. I did have a TERRIBLE breakout about a month after starting spironolactone that almost pushed me over the edge; it was miserable. But it cleared, and has continued to do so. It took at least 3  months to see the results I hoped for, but it has just gotten better and better. I&#039;m just hoping this is a good solution for me long-term; I want kids someday and I know I will have to stop this med before pregnancy."
"I&#039;d be lying if I said this was the first time I&#039;ve taken Plan B due to a sexy time slip up.  In fact, it&#039;s the third. The first was 10 years ago (when it wasn&#039;t OTC and 2 pills). The most recent was Dec 18th, which, by the the was ovulation day, I didn&#039;t realize until after the fact. I took Plan B maybe two hours afterwards.  Over the weekend I was super fatigued and crampy as well.  The following week I felt fine.  My period was to come on New Years Eve, that Monday the cramps started back up on Tuesday I was spotting.  On NYE my period started and ended on the 4th.  Today, I noticed a little bit of spotting, but I&#039;ve had that happen before with Plan B. So, not preggers and SO is finally calling about a vasectomy."
"My Xopenex HFA works very well for me.  No side effects since I started using it.  Works quickly for me. I started with an inhaler called Alupent which worked very well with no side effects.  Then the powers that be no longer made this inhaler.  I was then put on Albuterol which had very bad side effects for me. I had told the pharmacist &amp; my doctor about my bad reaction to albuterol &amp; they had told me it was a normal thing to have a slight tremor!  When I went into the hospital for acute bronchitis, they gave me albuterol which caused me to shake so badly that my feet were bouncing on the bed.  The med staff saw this so they could not say &quot;Oh, you just had a tremor, which is normal!&quot;  Hence my doctor&#039;s nurse found Xopenex HFA for me!"
"Ok, look. If anybody is a pessimistic, anxious out of his mind stressed out person. It&#039;s me. I&#039;m the guy in the situation, me and my girlfriend were having unprotected sex and using the pull out method (DUMB) and I wasn&#039;t sure if I pulled out in time, anyways we were already in a car so I just hopped in the front and drove to a Walgreens and got plan b. It was within 30 minutes or so, and she took and and that same day she had the most demonic mood swings you could ever imagine. Every little thing would put me on edge, cause funny enough plan b symptoms are identical to pregnancy symptoms, so it&#039;s pretty nerve wrecking for obvious reasons. Anyways she got the short period then the normal one, took test and all negative. Just relax and have faith"
"I took clonazepam instead of xanax, but they are in the same family. I found it greatly helped my tinnitus. I was ready to lose my mind when I first got tinnitus from a virus in my inner ear 12 years ago. I swear clonazepam saved my life, as I was struggling with the idea of living with tinnitus forever. Anyone considering it should be aware that benzos are addictive and can have long-term negative side effects - I didn&#039;t realize it at the time. I&#039;m now tapering off clonazepam, as I hope to be able to handle the tinnitus with meditation, Effexor (anti-depressant and anti-anxiety drug) and a stubborn will. I do not regret using clonazepam for 12 years, but be aware going off it can be difficult. Most doctors aren&#039;t aware it helps tinnitus!"
"I used Topiramate for 12 months for migraines which helped enormously, reduced them to 1 or 2 a month from the 10  .  Great side effect was the weight loss on 50mg, lost 60 lb but the migraines started getting worse so increased the dose to 100mg and had a LOT of side effects, periods stopped, body aches, palpitations, slow heartbeat, fatigue, memory loss the list was endless. I came off them altogether and migraines just came back as before and I put on 16lb weight in a month!  All the other side effects disappeared.  I have stayed off them for a month and am about to reintroduce them as I cannot stand the almost daily migraines. (And I don&#039;t want to put any more weight back on) this medicine works well but you need to get the right dosage."
"Last period: Dec 7
Had an unprotected sex: Dec 15
Got my next period: Dec 24 (9 days after)
So me and my boyfriend after all the accident happened we went to buy this pill ASAP and I took the plan b within 2 hours. But since I am so paranoid and everything.. after 3 days taking plan b I bought ANOTHER ONE again it botheres me  that this pill works only for 5 days and the sperm live up to 5-7 days &oslash;_&oslash; and just because I just graduated college I am 19 years old and this happened I am not yet ready to have a lifetime responsibility so i&#039;d rather buy another one. My effect wasn&#039;t that bad even though I took two pills in a week. I am just a little moody, don&#039;t have appetite to eat, I am always sleepy, mild cramps and I loose weight 55 to 50kilo."
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar Effective disorder in Aug 2016 I was initially started on 500mg per day, but found my symptoms  were still there, after seeing my psychiatrist the  following month this was increase to 750 mg I still felt the same, so again I saw my psychiatrist who increased again to 1000mg by this time I was getting fed up, thinking whats the point are these meds ever going to work, anyway I carried on taking them but still no joy so I went back, the psychiatrist increased my dosage another 250mg so I now take 1250mg per day, 500mg day / 750mg night after a couple of week I noticed a big difference in my personality and so did others. I&#039;m much less stressed my moods are normal, I&#039;m so much more laid back its untrue"
"Just something quick to help anyone that&#039;s worrying. I took Ella one, 30 hours after unprotected sex. My period was due 2 weeks later making this a very fertile time. My period didn&#039;t come had cramps, morning sickness and tireness. Which made me even more worried. Did so many pregnancy test all were negative. Got my period today 7 days later. So relieved. The symptoms I thought was pregnancy must have been worry and stress. The morning sickness I think was me waking up and taking tests and getting myself into a state. Hope this helps someone."
"Creon has helped my little three year old cousin. She was born with cystic fibrosis and she doesn&#039;t understand what it can and what it is doing to her! She is a heathy little girl that is going to survive this birth defect!"
"Used Suprep last night. Taste is tolerable. Held my nose and drank it all in one gulp. Then two servings of water within 15 mins. Helps if your stomach is empty first. Bowels kicked in 20 min later and sat on toilet for 1hr and 15 mins. Second dose didn&#039;t flush as much out. First round got me good. Get some Balmex diaper rash cream because your butt will hurt."
"I started using Saxenda on 4/21/16, a day before my 30th birthday and I weighed 252lbs. As of today, 6/29/16 I weigh 225lbs. That is 27lbs down in a little over 2mths. I have ate right and exercised more. BUT I haven&#039;t exercised in over 2wks and I&#039;m still losing weight. The days I do eat crappy, I have gained back a pound or two but I lose it the next day usually."
"9 rating based entirely how easy it was to have placed and its efficacy. 

BUT....I had the most severe side effects you can imagine. The first five weeks were a breeze except for some light spotting. But to the day on the 6th week, this this is when the dosage of the progestin reaches it&#039;s max level by the way, I awoke with blurred vision, dizzy, slight headache and nauseated.  For the next 5 wks I had these symptoms with the only change being the severity of the headache from low grade to migraine and as the duration increased I became moody and extremely depressed, I could barely function. I saw multiple drs. no one figured it out I finally researched the implant more closely and called my OB and it was removed that day."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for approximately a year and a half, since 7/2014. I did not like it for the first, hmm, 6 months because of irregular, long periods and short time between periods. I haven&#039;t had my period for 2 months now since January 2016 (I&#039;m hoping I don&#039;t have them anymore). I do take pregnancy tests just to be more cautious and they are always negative. The only negative thing I can say about it is, my moods are really out of whack! Glad it&#039;s not crying for no reason, but it&#039;s more of a bitch attitude."
"I&#039;m done with my 14 day free trial and lost 9 lbs. I&#039;ll be starting a higher dosage tomorrow.  Dry mouth The only &quot;side effects&quot; if you would call it that  is dry mouth."
"Went to the hospital for a migraine - come to find my body was toxic and had an internal infection throughout. Doctor prescribed Bactrim and by itself with no aspirin it got rid of the headache. Apparently it does the job, does it well and does it fast for ME."
"I can honestly say that Prozac works for me. This medication takes sometime to kick in to full effect and many people stop taking after they feel nothing the first week or so. That is a big mistake, if you wait the full 6 weeks you will see such a difference that it will amaze you. The way it builds in the system and it&#039;s afterlife is why it takes a while to get to optimal serum levels in the blood stream. I have battled severe depression and suicidal ideation for over 25 years now. This medication Prozac 40 mg along with Ablify 10mg have solved most of those issues. I also take Ativan 2mg as needed for severe anxiety. Talk to someone if you are having thoughts of hurting yourself or just do not know what the point of life is."
"These are magic pills. I&#039;ve had my share of urinary tract infections over the years. Ciprofloxacin works for me. After taking the first pill, I feel 80% better (usually in 3-4) hours. The second pill has me at 85% better. I finish the entire dose and drink it with lots of juice. I hate water, so unfortunately telling me to drink more water is useless. 
Here&#039;s some random information I&#039;ve picked up over the years (based on my experience); You can drink alcohol, although I wait til on my last day of pills.
You can have sex once you start feeling better. Make sure you use the bathroom before AND after sex. No exceptions! You can sleep soundly after you&#039;ve cleansed your bladder.
Don&#039;t wear thongs/g-strings so much.
Drink cranberry juice."
"I have been xolair for two months.  Wow, what a difference this has made.  I would cough all day and used my inhalers more than directed.  Now I don&#039;t cough much and don&#039;t wheeze.  I use inhalers once a day now.  Two weeks after the first shot I could tell a difference.  This is a great drug.  I do feel some tiredness with it but it is tolerable."
"I have been taking Zoloft for 10  years. I take 100 mg daily. I have found that all of my symptoms have diminished. In times real stress, I take an extra pill. All I can say is that none of the previous drugs I took helped me at all. I have depression and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. At age 59 I still react to anything that sounds like gunfire. I spent 33 years working for the government, 2 in the Army the rest in law enforcement. I have found that I have no issues to deal with. I did once while out of the country lose my prescription while backpacking. It was horrible for me and my two friends. I take my pill in the evening before bed. No side effects at all. I found Zoloft to be a God send for me."
"I started having seizures when I was 14 and tried several seizure medicines and nothing was working. I am now 20 and we think they could be hormonal so my Doctor put me on Jolivette and I have been seizure free for 2 months! My prayers have been answered!"
"If it wasn&#039;t for Chantix I may not have stopped smoking as this was my last resort. In the past I&#039;ve quit but only lasted several days then I went back to it. I have now completed my 3rd week and have been smoke free for the last two. Stopped smoking completely after day 5. Some of the side effects were/are slight nausea, joint pain in the hip area, strange dreams, a few &quot;nightmares&quot; but nothing worth stopping the program for, heartburn and burping ( i think has to do with the heartburn). I suggest drinking alot of water and stay away from coffee ( assuming you smoke with your morning coffee). I also started exercising regularly 4-5 days a week an hour and a half a day. Thank you Chantix. Good luck to you all future non smokers!!!"
"After 2 days of constipation and feeling like I had so much pressure in my head it was going to explode, I decided to take  2 pills around 8pm, I woke up to the worst cramps around 3am and within 10 mins the &quot;fun started&quot; off and on for 2 hrs. after everything I felt amazing. I suggest drinking 2-3 glasses of water before and after, this will help with the cramping and dehydration"
"Very good for pain, but left me very foggy &amp; nauseous, not able to do much else but sit on the couch and watch football.  The Norco hangover the next day was no fun either.  Will use only when necessary."
"I started Contrave almost one week ago. Weight loss has been about four pounds, but the thing I&#039;m most thankful for is the reduction in the desire to eat. I had several parties to attend this past weekend and previously would have spent a lot of time in my head debating the wine and junk food before ultimately caving in. This time, it wasn&#039;t a hard decision. I didn&#039;t even want any of it. I can&#039;t tell you how relieved I feel not to have every potential meal or snack be a mental battle anymore. That alone is worth it, no matter the weight loss! Side effects have been decreased appetite and some lethargy."
"My personal experience with suboxone is good so far. I have been on prescribed Fentanyl Patch 25 much/ 48 hrs. I have dropped to this dose over the last year. (I also left the old patch on). I have been on opiates for 12 years full time prescribed. At my highest prescription I was using 180mg of Oxycodone and 180 mg of morphine per day. I have had several adjustments on medicine including extended release doses. 5 years ago I was put on 50 mug of Fanta to with 3-10 mg Oxys per day for breakthrough. I started leaving my old patches on to increase my daily dose. This last year I tapered Down to 25 mcg patches for 48 hours.( still leaving my old patches on.) I went to a doctor that prescribes Suboxone. Lucky for me my insurance pays for Suboxone. He gave me the 8/2 mg strips. I take 1/2 a strip twice a day. I was checking every forum to see how long I needed to wait to start the suboxone. The replies are all very different. Some say 16 hours, most day 24. Others say 48-36-72 hours. Yikes! How do I keep out of precipitated withdrawals! I already have withdrawals every other day on my patch!... so I removed my patch last night around 5 pm. (I already have my suboxone script at home. ) so I started feeling withdrawal symptoms coming on around 11 pm. They didn&#039;t get super intense. I checked the cows scale as many articles suggested but only scored mild.. had the stretching of limbs symptom, anxiety.. so I took a half of a strip which was the suggested dose. I took it at 12 noon today. That&#039;s only 19-20 hours. I was in withdrawals, but not the worst I have ever had. I was scared of the precipitated withdrawals I heard about. 10-15 minutes after I took it, I felt a hot sensation wash over me. Thought I would get those withdrawals, but I took a quick bath, laid down for an hour and. Is I feel pretty good. Took my withdrawals away. I still have some muscle pain, but not the kind that come from withdrawals. Suboxone stopped the withdrawals right away. No headaches or sick feeling. Not high, but even my regular dose meds haven&#039;t made me high for years... so if your guessing on when it&#039;s ok to take suboxone after opiates, and fentanyl seems to be the highest strength, then I day shoot for 24 hours. If you are not in withdrawals at 24, then wait until you are.. if you are in withdrawals before 24 hours then just wait as long as you can. You will know when it&#039;s too bad to wait anymore. You know your body... you can always take half the amount prescribed and see how it reacts if your are afraid of precipitated withdrawals. Trust me, it will stop the withdrawals within a half hour. I have not gotten the precipices withdrawals so far. Hope this helps someone. Good luck to you!"
"I was first given this medication many years ago.  I first got it through the military, then through my private insurance.  Then, I put in for a refill and couldn&#039;t believe how much I was charged. It became non-formulary with the military pharmacy too, I just couldn&#039;t afford it.  My doctor has tried different medications, but they don&#039;t help like they should.  I keep checking to see if a generic comes available, so MAYBE it will be formulary somewhere."
"I am on day 8.  The only side effect I have had as of now is a headache, I have had it for about 5 days now.  I smoked about a pack a day before and I have not had a cigarette today as of yet, I did smoke twice yesterday though. I&#039;m keeping my fingers crossed!"
"Metformin has side effects like diarrhea, WHEN I have sugar (regular sugar, fructose and artificial sugar - it does not care). Eat poorly, guaranteed to have diarrhea. Also headaches if sugar spikes quickly, again food choices do this. If I just really want a bite of pizza or candy bar, I eat healthy (lots of vegetables and salad, protein) with NO processed foods, NO breads/pasta/potatoes/rice, and at end of meal have 1-2 bites Savor and stop. I give myself a treat ONCE a month. Keep sugars down to 80-130 by diet and one Metformin 500mg a day. Eat too much at a meal, walk or exercise to burn the carbs. Burn too much and you get shaky or a headache. Water is key too. Water pulls sugar down (dilutes and flushes it out of the fat cells."
"Hi, It&#039;s been 2 months I&#039;m using this cream at night with Cetogly face wash as suggested by a skin specialist whom I visited for acne. And I would say that the result is satisfactory. Doctor prescribed me some tablets as well along with this cream. I would suggest use it only if suggested by a skin specialist because we all have different skin types and different reasons for acne. Hope u understand that skin is a very sensitive &amp; important physical thing so we shouldn&#039;t do any experiment with it :)

Thanks"
"I have been taking Keppra for 4 1/2 years, after head trauma from an auto accident caused me to have a seizure while in hospital.  I have experienced some minor occurances of side effects, but nothing compared to the problem I experienced while taking Dilantin, which caused me to lose my ability to reason, and to express myself, i.e. Dilantin made me an apparent idiot.  My greatest annoyance with Keppra is the rise in cost- 46% over these past 4 1/2 years."
"I have suffered from dry itchy skin most of my life until some years ago when my dermatologist recommended this urea cream. Since I started to use it the relief has been remarkable and I have been horrified to find that the manufacturers no longer supply the cream and have replaced it with a sticky lotion.  Their reason for this is hard to understand as the cream was much easier to apply and I now am looking for a replacement cream."
"This birth control has done me wonder. Yes it effects people entirely different. Some people bleed the entire time, some people&#039;s mental health can be affected by it, but it&#039;s rare for that. Just like any birth control you can lose weight or gain weight. It can make you Moody or not. IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE PERSON. For me I had no issues. August 2017 will be three years and I still have yet to get pregnant on this birth control.  If I was back on the pill, I would have been a teen Mom already. I recommend it but it&#039;s not for everyone."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for the full three years. I am scheduled to have it replaced in a couple of weeks. I&#039;ve had no problems with it. Compared to previous attempts at birth control my temperament and mood swings have leveled out. My sex drive comes and goes. My weight went up 30lbs and now I&#039;m back down to my original weight. I had sporadic periods for the first couple of months, light and short, then I didn&#039;t have another one for two years. About 6-8 months before it was time to replace it I started having regular monthly periods again. They were light and short still but on a regular monthly basis.  The only complaint I have had with it is that the implant &quot;pokes&quot; at the skin sometimes and makes it itch, but nothing worse or longer than a mosquito bite."
"I just started on this birth control. I switched from Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo. Unfortunately I have horrible acne on my back and some on my face, especially during that time of the month. Since I started taking this birth control, I have noticed the acne on my back is starting to clear up. My face is getting better also. I noticed I&#039;m not as hungry either. I haven&#039;t experienced crazy mood swings or depression even if I did, I&#039;d probably stick it out because I&#039;ve had back acne since I was 16 years old and I&#039;m 21 now. I&#039;m ready for my back to look normal again. I recommend this pill."
"I started taking Adipex on November 17, 2009. It is now January 25, 2010. I have to admit when I first started taking Adipex I felt like I was on straight speed. I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat, or concentrate. I still have bad mood swings and get upset very easily. I have no problem sleeping that wore off the 3rd week, I tend to get hungry later in the afternoon. I was taking a half of pill the first month. I take one pill a day now and do great except for my mood swings. My starting weight was 165lbs. I now weigh 138lbs. That&#039;s a weight loss of 27lbs. I still have 8lbs to go. I exercise 5 days a week on the treadmill for 30 minutes each time. If you are really wanting to lose weight and can overlook the side effects this is the pill! Good Luck!!"
"I&#039;ve had horrible traumas happen when I was younger that still haunt me. I wake up shaking and can&#039;t sleep on my own. I&#039;ve been on Seroquel, Buspar, and Vistaril. None helped. My doctor finally prescribed Ativan and it has worked wonders! I feel great, don&#039;t wake up shaking, can actually sleep, and feel calm. Love it."
"Strattera works great. I am able to focus and am able to do more tasks at once, which my job requires. I am now able to sit down for more than 10 minutes at a time and read, write, and study for my college classes. The only thing that bothers me is that I sometimes forget to take my dose of medication. Other than this instance, I am able to function better as a person!"
"My PCP prescribed Serzone for me after I described typical symptoms of depression. As an RN I didn&#039;t want to feel &quot;medicated&quot; &amp; never did. This medicine gave me back  myself. I was on it for about 4 yrs then switched to Paxil for about 2 yrs and then taken off all together. I haven&#039;t been on any medicines for depression in 7 yrs as my divorce is long over &amp; I am well healed - Amen! I would recommend Serzone   regular lab work &amp; doctor&#039;s care. Also, talk therapy helps too!"
"I have taken Fiorinal since I was 19 and I am 56 now, and it has helped not only with severe tension headaches but with toothaches, strep throat, and other pain over the years and I reccomend it to anybody suffering from headaches."
"I loved the shot. I started the shot at the age of 16 and continued until I was 20. Yes you will bleed the first three months but mine was regular like my period from what I remember with a lil spotting in between. After three months my period was gone. Due to me being on it so long it took two years for my period to return which I didn&#039;t mind and I conceived about 4 moths after that. I&#039;m now a full time mother of one beautiful healthy baby girl and have moved on to IUD Nexa due to me not wanting any more children and it being every three years. But honesty I loved the shot and only had weight gain."
"I had been suffering from acne since puberty that progressively got worse as I aged. After trying every product on the shelves and still having no relief from the very painful acne around my chin. My dermatologist recommended this product and my skin has never been better. I will admit it took 3-6 weeks before I really noticed any changes but sticking to this product has not only treated all of my acne it also helped with the scarring. I have even stopped wearing foundation all together and receive many compliments on my complexion. My regimen is to wash and moisturize my face twice daily and apply the product nightly."
"Been on 0.1mg three times a day for 10 days now and it has made a HUGE difference in my detox from heroin, oxycodone, and hydromorphone. Almost completely eliminated the agitation and restlessness which has always been my personal least favourite symptom of opiate withdrawal. I highly recommend anyone suffering from an addiction akin to mine to talk to a doctor about getting on it, I finally let my family doctor know about my 3 years of on and off use of various opiates and it was his first suggestion. I am also on propranolol and amitryptiline which I started at the same time as the clonidine. The only downsides I have experienced are a certain degree of daytime drowsiness and blood pressure drops upon standing up after lying down."
"I didn&#039;t experience any severe itching or burning at all with this stuff.  On the first night about and hour after I put the ovule in I got really itchy for about 10 minutes, but then it went away. I just took the last dose and my yeast infection symptoms are gone for the most part.  I dunno....don&#039;t get too freaked out by the bad reviews. The anxiety over the possible pain was worse than the medication itself lol."
"There was a history in my family or anxiety and panic attacks, but I had never experienced it until I was 55 (3 years ago).  When it hit me, it hit me hard.  It truly was the worst experience in my life. I went from being Mr. Optimistic to worrying about every ache and pain in my body.  It was a living hell.  When my doctor realized what was going on with me, he put me on 20mg of Paxil.

I must say the first week on it was very difficult, but I believe it&#039;s because I wasn&#039;t told or didn&#039;t hear him tell me to take half a pill for the first week.  After about 2 weeks or so, I woke up one morning and absolutely felt like I was on cloud 9.  Not because it made me high, but because I felt normal again!  I am now on 40mg and still feeling great!"
"I am 56 year old woman with knee osteoarthritis  (in both knees)  I get euflexxa injections every 6 months.  They help me tremendously. By the time 5 months comes around,  I can tell I&#039;ll be needing them soon.   If it can buy me time with getting these two bad knees getting replaced,  I am thankful! "
"Pneumonia cough was non-stop - gave almost instant relief - last 4 hrs and worked when other cough meds didn&#039;t - did make me sleep
alot and groggy. - doesn&#039;t end the cough altogether but gives you rest from it."
"Just to counter all the fear here. On day 8, Zero side effects other than feeling that my gi function is actually feeling better.  Pain to take all the pills , omeprazole morning and night before meals, others four times a day after meals containing mostly carbs.  And Florastor twice a day, only pro biotic not killed by treatment.  Thought perhaps mostly people with bad experiences post, thought some light could be helpful ."
"I have taken Accutane twice. It cleared up my face and body acne. I had severe cystic acne. I took Accutane for 5 months the first time and 3 months the second time. I have had clear skin for 2 years. Drug changed my life and helped with my self esteem tremendously. I had very bad acne. I do not recommend this drug if you have mild acne."
"I have been on Qsymia for exactly one week. I have been counting calories (consuming between 1000-1200 calories per day) and have lost 12 pounds. I have no real desire to eat. I have noticed that Diet Coke with Splenda tastes odd to me (not a diet soda drinker otherwise). I do not feel jittery &amp; have not experienced any other side effects. I am very pleased."
"I think it&#039;s great. I&#039;ve been doing it for about 11 years, and it&#039;s one of the only medicine for insomnia that work for me."
"Citalopram has proved extremely effective at helping me overcome severe anxiety. I am a 42 year old male on 20 mg a day in the morning. I am on week five, having come off a severe benzodiazepine addiction and prior to that Alcohol addiction, all to cope with anxiety. This SSRI really works. I have not suffered from anxiety in any but the slightest form since I started on the medicine. I recommend it very highly."
"I just started taking phentermine  as of 01/12/16 my weight is 191 and I am 29 yrs old. My goal is to loose 65 pds! Well for this 3 days so far I have a lot of energy and my cravings for food have dropped. I work in a sit down job all day and sometimes were slow and so I eat all day to keep me from boredom. I been working out for 30 mins because I actually have the energy to do it and watch what I eat. It is great to eat small amount and feel satisfied I have not been able to do this since I was a teenager. I definitely have dry mouth all day so I carry water with me everywhere and a little jittery at times but I feel it is worth it. I will post back in a month  to report my success."
"I take this 20 MG a day along with Carbamazepine  (tegratol/equetro). The two medicines together really make me feel &quot;normal&quot;. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie. I feel a bit of euphoria on this. This is a good thing, but I can see how that can make some people become dependant on it. However, I feel great on this. I feel a tiny bit tired but I&#039;m not sure if it is one of my meds or my 3 kids tiring me out. Otherwise,  no major side effects. Maybe some issues with vaginal dryness but lubricant helps. Doesn&#039;t kill my libido the way some antipsychotics can."
"I had unprotected sex and he didn&#039;t pull out, to be blunt. I took this medication a day after and I got my period about a week and a half later, don&#039;t panic ladies! You don&#039;t need voodoo from the Internet to feel relief!"
"I have been using fentanyl on and off for about 4 years. I had spinal fusion done on L2-L5 also out of the 8 screws in my back the doctors left one of the screws with the sharp point on it so it jabs into my back muscle. I have tried every pain medicine on the market and have to say fentanyl works the best. I no longer wake up from pain. It is in my opinion the best pain medication available on the market. I used to have to get it off the streets because no doctor believed I was in pain (I am in my 30&#039;s) now I finally found a doctor who prescribes it to me,  God bless him for it. I&#039;m using 50mcg every 48 hrs. I still get a little pain after any activity that stresses my back so might ask to try 75mcg but I am glad I have these patches."
"I&#039;ve never commented before online about my success or otherwise with drugs but I just had to with this one. IT HAS BEEN AMAZING. I realised today I&#039;m actually glad to be alive."
"This is my first time taking birth control and I haven&#039;t noticed any changes that are significant enough to make me stop. I was a little worried about taking it because of the bad reviews on here but the only side effects I&#039;ve noticed are a little bit of dizziness in the first week or so that I start a new pack nothing sitting breathing deeply and drinking water can&#039;t fix... (also occurs mostly when I&#039;m hungry) my sense of smell is heightened, I would mention some weight gain butttt I&#039;ve had some changes in my life while beginning birth control that can contribute to that one being a worse diet annnnd the weight gain is not big my pants fit a tighter that&#039;s all..everything else is normal pimples here and there light-med. period."
"I take 12 mg per day. Side effects are minimal - slight nausea, slight diarrhea, loss of appetite, insomnia. I&#039;m also taking NuVigil to deal with any sedation, and Ambien for the insomnia. I feel like a stable, grounded human being again!"
"I was on many anti-depressants and none of them helped with my suicidal thoughts except lithium. Some medications I was on made me better, but very flat and emotionless. For me, lithium only takes the sharp edges off the bad emotions and leaves room for good (but not manic) ones. I had slight hand tremors for about a year after starting this, which was annoying but not incapacitating. They are gone now. I also gained about 10 pounds during the first few months, but lost it easily and I am now lighter than when I started. People used to tell me: Oh you&#039;ll gain so much weight, but it is mostly water weight because you get very thirsty. Overall, my quality of life is much, much better. Also you can safely stay on lithium for years."
"I have been taking prevacid for 20 years.  I have had numerous side effects in the last 5 years, migraine headaches, major memory loss, blurred vision, heart palpitations, and most of the side effects listed I have.  I have taken this medication as I have severe acid reflux and when I stop I have instant reflux, but my side effects are getting worse, so I have to try something different or I fear this medication may end my life."
"I take Cialis 20 mg at least 12 hour before sex surprisingly is more effective the I take it 3-4 hours before. I eat, drink couple of alcohol drinks too but it works all the time. Changed my sex life."
"Been on all sorts of meds for depression for about 15 years. I am 41 now and just started taking Abilify about 8 days ago. I started feeling better after 3 days. I have more energy and just feel so much better. I hope this helps. This medicine really works."
"I&#039;m 20 years old, and I had severe cystic acne after my dermatologist gave me trentinoin. It was so bad but I switched to another dermatologist because of my insurance and she gave me Aczone and Ziana with Solodyn pills. My skin is so clear and soft, it&#039;s unbelievable. I only have some dryness around my mouth, but besides that my skin is the best it&#039;s ever been and I never thought I&#039;d ever be writing a review about something actually working."
"4th day. Been on every anti depressant available.
I feel it already. I feel better and I&#039;m hopeful. No side effects really. I had a little nausea and gas and a little stomach ache first couple of days. But I&#039;m ready to feel better. If this doesn&#039;t help I give up!!!"
"Been taking fluoxetine for about 6 months. It has been wonderful, I simply do not worry about things that used to bother me all the time. The only down sides I am experiencing are that I&#039;ve lost a lot of weight, and that I don&#039;t feel emotions nowhere near as strongly as before, for example, my mother passed away, and while it was a very sad time, it just didn&#039;t upset me as it should have done.  I would strongly recommend this medicine, though."
"I just started taking Soma, and now get an uninterrupted good night&#039;s sleep. I also notice that I have fewer muscle spasms in my legs."
"I was on levothyroxine for over 30 years.  This past year i felt like I had been hit by a bus when I woke up in the morning.  No energy to do anything, aches and pains in hips, legs and shoulders.  I went to my doc and asked her to change my medication to Nature Throid  after hearing about it from a friend who has Hoshimoto&#039;s.  Thankfully my doc agreed and after a few days, my energy was back, the aches and pain are gone.  I finally feel human again.  I had no side effects.  I wish this drug was available years ago.  My levo was expensive for a 90 day supply with insurance ($40), now it is only $17 for the same 90 day supply of Nature-Throid."
"This stuff is awesome! For the first 12 days or so I felt incredibly stoned, but it wore off and evened out my anxiety that was controlling me all day. No side effects at all unless you count interacting with Remeron which put my head spinning with incredible nausea. I take Xanax which cancels that effect but my MD wants to take me off it and put me on Buspar, I&#039;ll see how that goes. PS- am on day 21 of VIIBRYD"
"100mg patch Estradot- applied twice weekly.
Keeps me sane ,and virtually anxiety free.
The adhesive on this brand does nt make welts on my skin
Only drawback is removing the Glue Spots.:-)
When using Hot Spas or I need to apply creams to dry skin, I use an  
Estrogel  sachet .this allows the freshly applied patch to catch up.
Absolutely satisfied &amp; happy with this medication.
** on PBS IN Australlia.
Lowest dose Venlafaxine added when family drama hit me like a bolt."
"My son is 9 and was diagnosed with a central auditory processing disorder. He is/was also showing symptoms of ADHD. In trouble in school, refusing to do his work, he was even switched to an emotional support classroom, and after all the tests, we found out that his brain couldn&#039;t process what he was hearing, which caused the ADHD like symptoms.  We were offered to try Focalin XR...started on 5 mg but just switched to 10mg because my son said it wasn&#039;t making much of a difference. He eats well, even on the medication, and has been coming home with almost perfect daily behavior charts at school. This medicine is definitely working out good for us. Side effects are very minimal. My son takes 1mg of melatonin at night for sleep."
"I have been on Kariva for about five months. It is my first experience with the birth control pill as I am getting married on September and wanted to be regulated by the wedding. The first couple of months, I experienced mood swings, headaches and weird appetite.  However, my side effects have leveled out.  I no longer have any side effects.  In fact, it has cleared my acne up some. My periods have never been bad but they are now only about 1-2 days long.  I would say my cramps may be a little worse, but since the period is shorter it evens out.  I have not gained weight from this pill.  In fact, along with diet and exercise, I have been able to lose weight while taking this pill.  I would recommend Kariva."
"I&#039;m in the last couple of days of a 10-day prescription for cefuroxime (Ceftin) to treat acute prostatitis and mild bladder infection.  The pain and discomfort subsided 3-4 days after beginning treatment.  I&#039;ve been managing the loose stool problem with multiple small portions of yogurt during the day.  I&#039;m also experiencing mild irritability and anxiety while taking the drug, a fair trade-off compared to my symptoms before starting treatment."
"I really like it. I&#039;m finishing up my second month next week, but I will be switching back to a pill because the adhesive from the patch makes me itch all week then when I take it off theres a big red rash where it was. I was fatigued for the first two weeks, but haven&#039;t had side effects since. I&#039;m sad that the adhesive doesn&#039;t work for me, otherwise I&#039;d keep it."
"I have been in a major depression for 3 years, and possibly a minor depression before that , I also have anxiety and social phobia,  I have been on Sertraline for almost two months now, and I noticed an enormous difference the first few days, I started to smile, laugh, make eye contact, and the fear of public is slowly easing !   I can not describe how bad life was before Sertraline.  I am 34 years old and have been living a life that wasn&#039;t a life at all, now I am feeling better than I have ever felt.  I do get dry mouth !  But, oh to laugh again!  (Worth it). I am usually not a person who even uses Tylenol ,  so for me to try this, I was desperate .  I don&#039;t feel high nor drugged or even out of my body!  I feel whole"
"I&#039;m taking this in combination with Zoloft. I take 0.25 mg of Klonopin (half a pill) twice a day. It&#039;s a very low dose, but in combination with the Zoloft has been effective at managing my anxiety. I was originally taking 0.5 twice a day but that was making me too drowsy to concentrate on work. Overall this is a great med for anxiety, especially when waiting for an SSRI to start working."
"I suffer from social anxiety rarely leave the house. The anxiety leaves me isolated which cause extreme depression. With xanax 1mg to 2mg takes all anxiety away and calms my depression 10 out of 10. Taking xanax for over 20 years now."
"I have severe pain due to arthritis and nerve damage. I had broken my heel on my foot. It didn&#039;t grow back right. I have had pain ranging from 5 to 8 for 3 years. I was taking tons of Norco for the pain with no relief. Dr switched me to 10mg every 4 hours now I can actually get around. They work great."
"Spironolactone cured my acne! I started getting pretty severe acne this year and after trying minocycline and doxycycline which did not work for me, my dermatologist recommended spironolactone. After just 3 weeks, my acne started to calm down and I am currently nearing my 2nd month of spironolactone and my face is acne free. Although I have oily skin, spironolactone really dried up my face and lips so I have to moisturize constantly throughout the day. This medicine took some time to see drastic improvements but it is definitely worth the try!"
"I was on Loestrin for about a year and was always concerned about not having a period.  My husband and I tried just using condoms for a while, but after a few months I decided I needed to go back on some form of oral birth control.  My doctor suggested TriNessa, which has a higher dose of hormones, so I will have my period each month.  After only a month of that, I have noticed extreme anxiety and mood swings, random spotting, loss of libido, and nausea.  I know it takes a while to get into my system, but I&#039;ve already gained 10 pounds. Next month, I&#039;ll be switching back to Loestrin. I had no side effects and no weight gain when taking it, other than not having a period. After being assured by my doctor it is safe and normal. I&#039;ll go back to Loestrin."
"I ended up trying the patch after having too many bad experiences with the pill form. I have fibroids and am extremely irregular (skip months at a time, so I really needed to be on something.

The first few months were a bit rough, but it evened out pretty smoothly after that. I&#039;ve now been on the patch for over two years and I absolutely love it. I&#039;ve never had it fall off, and I no longer have any side effects. In fact, 99% of the time I forget it&#039;s even there. Not pregnant yet either, so it works there too. Great option if you can&#039;t handle the pill."
"I was at a breaking point and couldn&#039;t take any more bad thought and sad days. It got to the point where I was crying up to 4 times a day, snapping at my husband and kids, having to call in to work because I couldn&#039;t pull it together long enough to function.  It was bad.  I had negative thoughts and obsessed about something bad happening to myself or my daughter and not at the hands of myself.  
Side effects were bad at first-insomnia, nausea, swimmy head, anxiety, those only lasted until about day 5 and was told to push through and tough it out.  Every day since has been better and better and I finally feel normal again.  Lexapro saved my life."
"A year ago, I was asked to read at my friends wedding &amp; since the day she asked me I have been terrified as I usually experience an extremely intense heart beat like it&#039;s going to jump out of my chest, I can&#039;t regulate my breathing so find it hard to even get a word out, &amp; I also experience dizziness like I&#039;m about to pass out. I took 20mg the night before to test how I would react with it, 10mg about 1.5 hours before &amp; another 10mg 45 mins before. I&#039;ve never known anything like this. I read my speech with clarity, I could even look up and make eye contact with the bride &amp; groom. My fianc&eacute; was gobsmacked. Usually he has to try and calm my nerves, all night he kept saying how amazing I did. I have a new found confidence now."
"I am 52 years old... have an extreme pain in my knee that had limited my exercise a lot..... additionally some emotional reasons that made me gain 20 pounds in the last year and I was already 10 pounds over
Today is my day five the only side effect is constipation.
Medication for me is being fantastic... I always read how to lose wieght in the past but never was able to practice.  Now I am eating to live in the last 5 days and not living to eat
Medication left me more calm in general... doing things in my time including eating and exercise.... very hopeful I will lose the weigh I need"
"I am super happy with this form of birth control. I was on the pill for years and I would become crazy. The first month on the NuvaRing I did bleed for almost 3 weeks. I freaked out a little, but when I changed it the next month the bleeding stopped and everything is great. I would totally recommend this to anyone! I never feel it, doesn&#039;t affect my sex life or drive. Boyfriend doesn&#039;t feel it. I am 100% happy."
"I&#039;ve had chronic back and neck pain for over 10 years and drugs like Vicodin, Lorcet and others like them quit working. Was taking MS Contin for 5 years and it started to loose its effect. Started the Dilaudid 2 years ago and still doing well with it. Without it I would have a constant pain level of 8 to 9.5 and unable to do anything. With it my pain level runs 4 to 6 and I&#039;m able to do some things. I&#039;ve been unable to work for 10 years but now can do some wood working with a little lathe."
"I&#039;m diagnosed with multiple sclerosis 
Before the diagnosis I had a sudden change in my mood form a very happy person to a very depressed person 
After the diagnosis and failure of 3 kind of treatment for My MS because it escalated my depression I stopped everything 
And started the following 
1. Dr.  TerryWahls protocol
2. Vitam B3 3000mg/day

It&#039;s been 2 years and i haven&#039;t got a single relapse 
And the Vitamin b3 helps with the depression."
"This medication even though only one half absorbed orally was the best pain medicine I have ever used for my Lupus pain. It worked fast and if I was not in Pain in 3-4 hrs. I did not have a hung over effect. I have not taken this medicine in several years because the pain medicines were swapped to Dilaudid for several years. Demerol is not as strong which was great and did not cause constipation."
"I started Saxenda on 1/29/2016. To date I have lost 26 lbs. I began at 178 and have lost an average of 2 1/2 lbs a week since then.
I am following a 1000 calorie a day diet, (with my doctor&#039;s approval) and am journaling my food, which helps tremendously.
The first week, at the lowest dosage, I felt a little jittery. That dissipated within 2 weeks.
I am up to 3.0 and I have had no side effects except constipation.
It has been a very positive experience for me. My goal is 145 lbs and I am sure that can be achieved in the next four weeks."
"This is a miracle.  I no longer think about food and have no desire to snack in between meals.  I eat only what my body needs.  I have lost 13 pounds in six weeks.  I lead a very active lifestyle (2-5 hours of cardio a week) and eat fewer than 100 grams of carbs per day.   I have tried every diet under the sun, and nothing has worked as well as far as controlling my cravings.  Side effects are minimal.  I have some tingling in my lips and possibly my hands and feet.  Be certain to take this medicine in the morning, or you will be up all night! "
"On 15mg of this for last 3 months for depression ...OCD....sad anxiety disorder.  It didn&#039;t sedate me at all helped with sleep straight away took away anxiety after 3 weeks helps with OCD thoughts/harm ...all in all its a brilliant medication which worked for me immediatly keeps you calm and stable and just makes you happier. If you can get through first 2 weeks of side affects your laughing.  It&#039;s a great medication been on 2 before which sent me crazy. Plz do give it a try but do not miss doses as withdrawal symptoms appear quickly on this drug and are horrific to say the least"
"I have been on Effexor XR for 2 days now for anxiety panic agoraphobia. So far not to bad. Not to many side affects. Tired and a bit fuzzy but I hope this medicine is as good as everyone has said. I just want my life back."
"yes the hype is true with this med for appetite increase(also used for allergies which works wonders)
this will.. i repeat this medicine will make you sleepy, dizzy and a bit lazy the first few days...i would say give it a full week before the sleepiness becomes manageable 

i can recommend is taking 2mg then up the dose every few days **DO NOT take a full 4mg at first it will knock you on your butt
(dissolving the tablet in juice or taking it with a full meal might help with the drowsiness)
started this med at 100lbs 9 days later i&#039;m at 108lbs

i rate it a 9 and not a full 10 because of the extreme drowsiness/sleepiness in the beginning 

one last thing i recommend is to eat healthy foods to gain weight"
"I&#039;ve been on it for 11 days so far and I&#039;ve lost 22lbs. I started out at 301lbs and now I&#039;m 279lbs. That&#039;s just with the free starter dose. I completely cut out carbs, sweets and soda. I went for a weigh in today and my doctor almost didn&#039;t recognize me. Most people lose an average of 5-7lbs their first 2 weeks but my 2 weeks isn&#039;t up until Monday. I haven&#039;t exercised at all due to my 10-15 hour work days. I told my doctor I think I lost it this fast because I have no desire to eat. All I do is drink water. I try and force myself to eat but all I get in is a few bites of a protein bar all day. I have severe dry mouth. I&#039;m going to try the next strength up next week and see how that goes. My goal is 199lbs."
"This medication worked perfectly on my symptoms. I have absolutely no anxiety now, get all my assignments done weeks early, have significant amounts of motivation to achieve, help others and am doing extremely well at work. I got promoted on this medication to district manager. I am getting 100&#039;s in University. I am so thankful for this medication. I have since gone off it and am all the positive benefits have stayed. Thank you maker Pfizer, maker of ziprasidone."
"Recurring sinus infections sent me to the doctor again after a Z-pack didn&#039;t work.  Brought home the Avelox and was scared to take it after reading other peoples&#039; reactions and problems.  Have taken three pills now and I am noticeably better.  Sinus headache gone, and even my ears feel better too (reduced tinnitus.)  Previously took Levaquin years ago and had some anxiety, so I was expecting not to feel good with the Avelox.  Only problem thus far is minor nausea, but I just take it with food and stay upright and busy as to not notice the wooziness.  No serious reaction and the nausea is tolerable so I will continue to take it."
"I had a total knee replacement at the age of 32.  I have to say that I was in nasty pain 8 out of 10 and Percocet helped me tremendously.  I can actually sleep now and rehab more effectively.  I wake up every couple of hours at night and have some cold sweats as well along with cotton mouth but I think its worth the pain relief."
"I have severe drug allergies especially opiates, I have been on Buprenorphine for many years now and found it to be an excellent pain reliever. I have found that at times though it is hard to find and have had to go to the patch."
"Ativan works. I just started getting panic attacks in my 40s no real reason for it except maybe aspartame caffeine sometimes emotional but in all I&#039;m not sure why have gotten panic attacks. But Ativan works sometimes I need three pills of .5 mg or sometimes I just need one but I only take them as needed not sure if my doctor is going to continue to give them to me but I definitely need a back up of some kind and it does make you feel better so think goodness for that."
"If you  want to sleep between 7-10 hours a day and want a good sex life this is the medication for you. I have had no side effects no shakes tremors drowsiness. On clopixol I used to sleep up to 20 hours the doctors will be reluctant to put you on it  as it is very expensive but if you work or want to return to work or study this is the medication for you"
"I have been receiving  lucentis for almost two years, about 18 injections. my eye sight has stabilized and I am able to drive and use my computer, I still see wavy line with just my left eye,( the one receiving injections) but my right eye is dominant and when both are open things look normal.  I will continue with the treatment  because I do see a lot clearer since I started treatment. I am 77 years young and I don&#039;t want to have to slow down my very active life. I think I will always see some wavy lines and a small smoky spot. But you just have to deal with those small problems.   good luck to all off you that will develop this eye condition. see your eye doctor as soon as you notice an eye problem."
"I have been taking methadone HCL 10 mg tablets for 10 years for chronic pain. I love this medication greatly and yes it&#039;s a lifesaver for sure. I had been on everything from Ultram to Oxy 80. I can tell you that this medication blows them all away. I started out on 3 a day for 8 years and in the last 2 years I have been on 4 a day. My pain is managed to about 96%. It seems to take a really long time for immunity to set in. This is the best pain medicine on the market. "
"I have been using Contrave for four months and have lost more than 40 lbs.  I was nauseous for the first week and then when I increased the dosage.  It has helped me tremendously with the cravings.  I have been walking and now working up to a slow jog for about 45 minutes a day.  The medication will not help you lose weight if you do not watch what you eat or exercise.  It is expensive and insurance will not cover it, however it has been extremely worth it to me so far.  Hoping I will wing myself off and continue to eat the right things and exercise."
"I got the Implanon November 2011 it&#039;s been over a year since..the first few months I did have mood swings an I did bleed heavy for about three weeks but since then I havent had a period or a baby! The mood swings go away! I love this birth control! I&#039;ve been on the pill and Depo and this is by far the best!"
"28 year old male.. Been on stelara for 2.5 months went from 70% covered to almost 0% it had worked amazingly... Just a question does any pay know how long it takes to start seeing some of the red go away that was in the really bad spots? Thanks all and good luck"
"I love my Implanon! Have had Implanon in for about a year and its been great! I&#039;ve gained a bit of weight and have found it a bit harder to lose any extra but if you exercise and eat healthy it shouldn&#039;t be a problem. So I haven&#039;t had a pregnancy and its actually cleared almost all my acne. I guess the extra hormones actually balanced me out. Definitely going for another one when I turn 21. If anything changes I&#039;ll be sure to change my review but so far its the best birth control ever, its out of sight and out of mind."
"Our pharmacy mixed Tamiful in-house for our five-month-old.  As soon as the medicine was in her mouth, her stomach would convulse and she would completely empty her stomach, whether she took it alone or with food. We were told by the doctor there was no other option other than to discontinue use. Two days later, we were back at the pharmacy to fill the same prescription for her 4-year-old brother. The commercial preparation was available then. I talked to the pharmacist about the baby&#039;s reaction to Tamiflu, and she said the sugar base from the in-house mix was the likely culprit. We refilled the baby&#039;s prescription with the commercial preparation, and she tolerated it just fine. I&#039;m so grateful, because she really needed the medicines!"
"This was the first birth control I&#039;ve ever tried and I have been on it for about 10 months. Overall, it&#039;s been a positive experience. Before I went on birth control, I had a heavy period for 7-8 days, awful cramps, and extreme nausea. Sometimes I even threw up because the cramps and nausea were so bad. Being on this pill has lightened and shortened my period to 3 days and completely eliminated my cramps. I know exactly when to expect my period every month. I do notice that I&#039;ve gotten a little more emotional and grouchy sometimes but there are other things that could&#039;ve contributed to that so I don&#039;t want to put much blame on my birth control since my mood change is so slight, it hasn&#039;t completely affected my life in such a negative way."
"This drug has been so helpful to me. I no longer have bad anxiety. My temper has been even, and overall I&#039;m much happier. I take one 50mg pill per day. This has decreased my sex drive a little bit. I also find myself to be warm or sweating more. The pros definitely outweigh the cons of this drug."
"So I had unprotected sex with my guy on Sep 15th and took Plan B within an hour or so. The next few days I had spotting, tender breasts, felt awfully nauseous and tired. Today&#039;s the 23rd and I got my period. It is a day early and a bit lighter, but I am glad it is here. The pill works though I am going to go on regular birth control pills so that I never experience this stress again."
"Well I&#039;ve been trying to lose weight since I gave birth to my son 14 yrs ago. And my new years resolution was to lose weight, and I was give Adipex by my doctor. I started on my diet Jan.2008. I weighed 210 lbs. And now with eating healthly and exercise I weigh about 180 lbs. I lost 30 pounds and I&#039;m very happy with myself and thankful for my family and friends with all their support."
"Many may years of severely dry skin all over my body but cold months is the killer. I think skin get red and inflamed no matter oils or other creams you try u may get some short term happiness but I need more. Your heels crack open to blood and severe pain. I found this product and have seen just how strong of a medication this is. Will not stop. Men can put on elbows and knees. You will see great things"
"I really like this implanon, no more worries. I even forget I have it sometimes. I really recommend it to everyone. I used the patch and the pill before, but so far, Implanon is the best. The only thing is, which is not bad, I&#039;m getting lighter periods. Oh and I&#039;m losing a lot of hair but I&#039;m not sure if this is a side effect from the implanon."
"I work at farmers markets 6 days a week and have for many years been a sufferer of rheumatoid arthritis. More recently I have had major attacks of gouty arthritis. The pain from these attacks can be excruciating.
I tried all the painkillers under the sun. Being on Coumadin as a blood thinner I have to be careful what medicines I take.
I had a major attack this week and tried the usual NSAIDs off the shelf with no relief. I rang my doctor and he prescribed Prednisone (he has consulted me in the practice 
in the last week).

The results have been amazing. I took my first days dose (4 tablets) and the pain subsided within less than two hours to the level that I could actually walk!

My joints are now less swollen and painful and I am so thankful for Prednisone."
"I have taken Lutera for about two years. I used to have awful period cramps, since I started this pill I haven&#039;t had any. I don&#039;t even remember what they feel like. Periods are super mild, I barley need anything. I never have acne. I have a breakout here and there, but that&#039;s life. My only complaint is that I gained weight. It makes me hungry constantly. I gained 10 lbs in two years. I could of kept off the weight if I watched what I ate and exercised more. Overall great pill. It&#039;s also very effective."
"I know it&#039;s different for everyone, but this drug brought me from suicidal to actually enjoying life in less than a month. I&#039;m not jumping for joy by any means, but I&#039;m certainly not UNhappy."
"I LOVE THIS MEDICINE! I had tried many medicines before this including methotrexate which was HORRIBLE-they all made me so ill. I only had loose stools at the start of treatment as a side effect, no others. I take it alone, without NSAIDs and it manages all my pain and swelling like a champ. I have had no flares and I take 2 in the morning and 2 in the evening. My hair also stopped falling out after the 1st 2 months of taking it. It literally changed my life without shutting down my immune system. I could not be happier."
"After 43 years of anxiety/panic disorder, serax has helped me have a life. Dr&#039;s tried many other treatments until I ended up in ICU with my heart enzymes elevated. Theme 25 years ago Dr started me on Serax, which finally let me have a normal life."
"I take Lunesta every night and find that I fall asleep easily and wake up easily after 8 or more hours  of sleep.  I wake up every morning grateful for Lunesta.  After many months and years of restless sleep and daily fatigue, Lunesta has brought much needed relief.  "
"I started using differin in February after dealing with horrible acne my last semester of college. I think it was stress related, because I&#039;ve always had pretty great skin up until then. I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed me differin and antibiotics. All I can say is there is hope!! It took me 12 whole weeks to have skin I was comfortable with, but it really does work. My skin was horrible at first when I began using it, the purge as people like to call it, and I really didn&#039;t think there was going to be a light at the end of the tunnel. But seriously week 12 hit and it was night and day. I still use it every night with some days off in between but now I am actually comfortable in my skin w/ only the occasional zit"
"I have had a pounding throbbing migraine for 18 days a terrible throbbing pain on the left side of my head. I tried everything under the sun imitrex over the counter everything the only thing that worked for me is fioricet it took away my migraine in an instant I suffer from anxiety so that caused my tension migraines this medicine puts anxiety at easy and your migraine completely gone. Please don&#039;t be in pain anymore go to your doctor and get fioricet. I feel for all the migraine sufferers I have been dealing with it for half my life don&#039;t be in pain anymore this medicine will really work also if you have moderate to severe anxiety like I do hope this helps!!!"
"I recently sought help from a psychiatrist and he prescribed me starter doses of Lamictal. He also gave me samples of Latuda for if I began to notice myself experiencing an episode. I noticed that I began to have a quick decline in to depression after a hypomanic state and reluctantly began to take the Latuda. It is AMAZING. After only 5 days of use, I already feel so much better.  Today  I just noticed that I am not depressed anymore, as I was a few days ago. I am able to take better care of my body (eating better, exercise) because I already am feeling so much better. I get very sleepy and some akathisia, I just take it at night to avoid those side effects."
"I have had severe acne for years. I finally found this topical, and am extremely happy. I have been using it for almost a month. I don&#039;t get any severe drying, but it does keep my skin less oily looking (it&#039;s usually very oily), I don&#039;t have any peeling, redness or sun-sensitivity. I also have a marked reduction in the inflammation of nodules/cysts. It literally shrinks them after application, so I use it before I go out if I have a noticeable red bump or big cyst. I am really pleased, and just hoping it gets better from here. It has also improved the texture and look of my scars, so much so friends and family have commented without me asking! I would definitely recommend this, especially if you have severe acne, adult acne or scarring."
"For a year post surgery I could not get cold. My family froze in the winter, honestly they blew smoke in the air it was so cold in my house. I was burning up still. I can&#039;t remember the few meds I tried before my GYN finally prescribed Cenestin. End of story. Total fix within a few days. But now I&#039;m told it is no longer being manufactured. On Premarin now.... We will see."
"On it for 5 months now, and all I have to say is WOW. I have battled nervousness, anxiety and a very, very low stress threshold for all my life (I&#039;m 32 now). It all changed when I started taking Concerta. Started with 16 mg., and felt a lot more relaxed, but also started to develop a foggy kind of feeling in my head. After 2 weeks the dose was upped to 36, and the foggy feeling subsided a bit. Then on 54mg. 2 weeks later, it was like I could see things more clearly. My memory improved, I&#039;m &#039;sharper&#039;, actually feel smarter. All of my anxiety, nervousness etc. is gone. cons: had a persistent fungal infection for a while (on my foot) allergic reaction (redness), &amp; slight tinnitus, but all in all very, very satisfied. A life saver for me!"
"I&#039;ve had a UTI for 2 weeks, treated with two other antibiotics, which did not really work. Last night I suddenly developed fever, chills and body aches, 5 days after the last antibiotic dose. I went to the ER and I was given a Nitrofurantoin pill as soon as blood and urine test were completed. By this morning, not only the fever had gone, but for the first time in two weeks I have no pain, and urine test is totally clear. I hope to avoid side effects, as I need to take it for another 6 days. All I can report is mild tiredness, but I have been tired for the past two weeks, so I cannot attribute this to Nitrofurantoin."
"This was the first birth control pill I was given, almost 5 years ago, and I like it. First of all, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, so it does what it&#039;s supposed to do, and it also keeps my periods short, pain free, and extremely on time. Haven&#039;t noticed any negative side effects aside from mild breast tenderness on the third week of my cycle."
"At age 29 and after the birth of my second daughter I had continuous bleeding for 2 months.  I tried 3 different types of pills, but had moderate to heavy bleeding throughout the month and felt like my hormones were very unbalanced and I was going crazy.  FINALLY, after much trial and error, my practitioner suggested I try Natazia. I have been using Natazia now for 3 months and have had no breakthrough bleeding, shorter and lighter periods and feel like myself again."
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for 2 months now and it has worked very well. Before I would have horrible cramps and be sick for the first 3 days but now nothing happens at all. I have experienced a little spotting here and there but other than that it has worked very well with my body."
"I had surgery that went bad leaving my system kinked.  This caused me to have nothing but problems with straining and constipation for several years now.  I am so happy to be able to use something that makes me feel normal again."
"Was prescribed this in conjunction with stimulant meds for ADHD but have found this really works well to relieve NAUSEA caused by ANXIETY. However as this is primarily a Blood Pressure Medication, it can make you dizzy if you take too much. I have found it the best of any medication to treat the nausea and upset stomach Generalised Anxiety produces. Highly Recommended With Caution!"
"Reclipsen was recommended to me by my doc when I was on other previous BC , because the dosage wasn&#039;t strong enough. I have been on Reclipsen regularly for about a year now and my depression, anxiety is through the roof. 
Everything makes me irritable and I always want to be left alone. It feels horrible! 
I was not always this way. Before the pill I was much more relaxed and enjoyed company! I do not recommend this pill to anyone and will not be taking it anymore. Too much stress and anxiety on my body.
I always feel fatigue, exhausted, no energy or sex drive!"
"Lortab is a very strong pain reliever.  It takes between 1-2 hours to fully kick in.  The problem I had with it was:
1) Felt like I was in a mental &quot;fog&quot; effect for days.
2) Constipation - drink a lot of water

I have had 20 pills over a period of 3 years for periodic intense leg, ankle or back pain do to work.  I have switch to Tramadol 50mg with less side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Aubra for a month now. My experience with this birth control was really great. I didn&#039;t know what to expect on this pill but I ended up having a great experience. I had little to no nausea and I only got a tiny bit emotional the week of my period. I love being on this pill. It eased my cramps a lot and doesn&#039;t make me break out. I will continue to use this birth control."
"I smoked for 43 years, I got up to a pack and a half to two packs a day. I started taking Chantix December 18th, 2015, my quit date was December 26th.. I took about three draws off of a cigarette about a week after my quit day and it taste horrible and made me sick. The only side effect that I had was agitation, I only was agitated when driving and with one co-worker. I stopped taking Chantix after 30 days due to the agitation. I haven&#039;t smoked in 22 days, I continue to get the urge to smoke, but it passes after a few minutes. GREATFUL...."
"I was prescribed 20 mg  of Lexapro (I split in half) about a year ago and it did make me feel &quot;Zombie Like&quot; for the first couple days of taken it but i got used to it and it did help my anxiety A LOT. I was taken off it cause i was taken off of it about 4 months into taken it cause my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it anymore. Its been about 6 months since I&#039;ve taken something and my doctor decided to prescribe me 10 mg of Celexa. I took my first dose last night and I was kinda iffy about taking it and was scared for about 1 hour after taking it then I started feeling unscared and more realistic as I do suffer from Depersonilization too. As of right now being my 2nd day on Celexa I can say the side effects aren&#039;t as bad as Lexapro were."
"My husband had pain in his testicles for over a year, he saw two different urologists, was referred to a pain clinic and they could not help him. Our GP prescribed Lyrica and after two pills he is pain free. It is a God-send. I wish more doctors knew about this medicine."
"I tried to quit on many occasions prior to using Zyban. My friend who smoked 2 packs a day quit using this drug which totally amazed me. I am a very cheap person and when a carton of generic cigarettes went up to $15.00 (which by todays prices is cheap, but not then) I swore I had wasted enough money harming my lungs. I started Zyban and set my quit date for 2 weeks. On the last day before that date, I was sitting around and realized I had not had a cigarette all day, and I haven&#039;t had one since. That was 19 years ago. I would highly recommend Zyban to quit smoking now before any more damage is done to your lungs. The cost of the medicine is no more than the cost of a carton of cigarettes for a month."
"I absolutely love Ortho Evra. I&#039;d never used a hormonal birth control before, and being super flighty I knew I couldn&#039;t be trusted to take the pill. I originally started off with the ring which resulted in non-stop crying, non-stop cramping and constant breakthrough bleeding. Even though the patch and the ring use the same exact hormones in extremely similar dosages, I decided to give the patch a shot. Instantly, I felt worlds better. My period was regular, which was the first time I&#039;d ever had a regular period in my entire life. They&#039;re not lighter by any means, but I&#039;ll take five days of heavy bleeding over a month of it! Only problem? The patch is prone to coming off if your skin gets very warm and clothing rubs on it, unfortunately!"
"I am 18 now and I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for a year now. The insertion was painful of course -bruised. For the first 4 months I bled every day but since then I rarely bleed. No acne, no weight gain. I get headaches at times, and pretty emotional most of the time. As for birth control, it is fantastic!"
"I have recently started taking Savella and it has really made a difference in my mood, clarity and desire to do things.  I have less pain....still have pain but some how it&#039;s not as debilitating.  Very pleased so far.....as far as side effects ....I have most of the issues it causes any way so not sure how I would know if it was fibro or the drug.  This has been a very postive experience.  I still take Lyrica .....this is one I would like to stop taking but I can&#039;t convince my neurologist."
"when I was first put on this medication in the emergency room, I was coming off heroin and my mood swings was horrific, and my anxiety was off the charts, they put me on 200 mg. immediately and was to take it 3 times a day. I was diagnosed as bipolar, ptsd severe anxiety disorder, hearing voices to kill myself, sleep disorder, among a few others. I have loved this medicine since day one almost 4 years ago. I have ended up 150 lbs. over weight, and diabetic. however one may see this, I call this my miracle pill. I wish I had been put on it as a teenager. I have told my psych don&#039;t ever try to take this away from me, I get paranoid at thinking about it. I may be fat and diabetic, but I have a good life and great family."
"Adderall 30mg/day = you feel like a genius, work hard, EYES OPEN WIDE. But at the end of the work day, I still couldn&#039;t stop myself from falling asleep on the skytrain at around 4:30 pm when I try to read. Don&#039;t think it helped much with depression and anxiety.
Dexedrine 3 10mg/day = You have tunnel vision, Focused, block out distractions, helps with my severe anxiety. I think the depression is pretty under control too. Can read all day if I want. Could have really used this when I began my studies, 4 years ago! Not a month ago, with one course....
Either one, I think you perform better at work and school, but Adderall just wore off, so studying after work, you would still need coffee, or a power nap"
"I was experiencing major anxiety which I only have when I have major life changes.  After getting engaged, moving, planning a wedding, and changing jobs the anxiety kicked in full force.  Doctor put me on Zoloft, which make me very very nauseous. Lost 10 pounds on it, was miserable as it also caused more anxiety and moodiness. Doctor gave me trials of Pristiq...AMAZING. I had not realized how closed off I was until I tried Pristiq.  It increased my ability to have relationships with friends, my fiance, and even family.  Prior to Pristiq, I was very shy and untrusting of everyone. Tried Lexapro too due to insurance requirements. Dislike - for me it caused weight gain, clench jaw, moodiness.  Long process to find the right medicine!"
"I&#039;ve been using Alesse 28 for a little over a year now and it&#039;s my first birth control pill! I use it mainly for period regulation since my period wouldn&#039;t come 6 months at a time and for birth control (10/10 effective when used properly). When I first started taking Alesse, my abdominal region felt a bit uncomfortable, but within a matter of about 2 weeks it went away. Some symptoms I&#039;ve taken notice of was the mild mood swings I&#039;d have once in a while and a little bit of dizziness. Now, the abdominal pain and dizziness I seem to have experienced a year ago has subsided, but the mild mood swings are still apparent and prevalent. I have no consistent weight loss or weight gain, acne, hair loss or hair growth, or loss of a sex drive."
"Hi I am 20 and just had the copper coil fitted a week ago. When it was inserted as I have had no children it was slightly uncomfortable however i was unaware you should take pain killers before the procedure so now I know! But it was not major had a couple of twinges for about 4 days and brownish discharge but after that everything went back to normal.  I still feel slight period cramps here and there especially when I&#039;m in need of a bowel movement! (TMI) overall so far I think its going well"
"I took jardiance for about 3 months. During that time I lost over a stone and felt much livelier. But my blood sugar went up slightly, so doc refused to prescribe me any more. They then forced me onto victoza which is making me I&#039;ll. I had no bad side effects with jardiance. Yes I used to pee more, but at least it got rid of the  diarrhea I had before taking it. No thrush or anything, though the doc was hoping I&#039;d get thrush so they could stop it. The docs seem to be completely against these for some reason. Trying to get it back."
"I&#039;m 16 years old, and I&#039;ve just recently started taking Vyvanse. I just started taking a new pill for my depression. Zoloft, which started helping. But I could notice a HUGE difference with Vyvanse right away. I am much more talkative, been in a better mood, less lazy, and I actually don&#039;t mind cleaning my room every now and then. I used to fight with my boyfriend all the time about things, which I now realize should have been no big deal at all. But now, things have changed. I&#039;m excited for school, even because I want to see if Vyvanse will help me bring up my grades and concentrate better, instead of falling asleep in class. Some side effects I&#039;ve noticed though is not having an appetite, and talking too much."
"I use ondansetron orally disintegrating tablets that i receive via prescription (8mg). I only use these on rare occasions when i eat badly, eat too much, or am very anxious, thereby making myself sick. It usually kicks in a few hours after i take it. (They are disintegrating but I usually swallow them with water because the taste is unappealing to me, but so far that has not affected its efficiency). Every time as far back as i can recall (and I have been taking this for several years) this medicine has been able to help with my nausea and vomiting. The only times i remember getting sick despite the medicine was when i got upset and cried violently, causing me to throw up. Other than that i don&#039;t recall ever throwing up after taking it!"
"My 16 year old son has had acne- not to the point of scaring but enough to really affect his self esteem.
He is now under a specialist and has been taking Accutane for about 3-4 months.40mg per day.
After a month or so his skin was even worse and it was quite horrific but now he is nearly clear !
He has always been very moody and I have constantly been worried that he may have depression.
He has shown NO signs of being any worse on this medication !
Dry, dry, dry lips is the worst side effect and his self esteem is better."
"It&#039;s amazing reading this forum about people who go through exactly what you are going through. I&#039;m a confident business professional, some call me almost arrogant, I&#039;m late 40s fit and lead a very healthy lifestyle. I have a fear of being judged so that can affect me horribly socially, even introducing myself in a meeting never mind giving a big speech. I have done every kind of therapy imaginable and taken Xanax with zero success; would even say I got worse. Propranalol is a miracle. Takes away not only fear but fear of fear with no side effects. I need at least 40mg to derive benefit and I&#039;m not a large guy although tall. 40-80mg situationally. Otherwise, I&#039;m going to start at 40mg 2x a day to stay even and in control. Truly a life saver"
"My dad was on this for 5 years he advanced in stages and it still improved his mind once he was taken off the medication at the hospital and had a significant decline - they started him back on it and started to improve. I would recommend this to talking to your doctor about it."
"This birth control was completely effective for me when I was sexually active. However when I was not sexually active for my last two months of taking this pill my periods were more painful and barely bled at all. But while I was sexually active I barely had any acne, didn&#039;t gain any weight, and had no problems with my sex drive. I took this birth control for almost 2 years."
"IT WORKS! So without a doubt I had unprotected sex on my ovulation day. Took Plan B within 12 hours. Felt immense nausea at first, then intense cramps followed. My mood was insanely erratic and I underwent quite a bit of depression.  Typical for an increase in hormones. I have not started bleeding yet, as I am 3 days away from menstruation, however, I did take a First Response just now, with a negative response. So I am hoping and believe I should be okay.  I recommend it, if you&#039;re not ready. You know you. Decide what&#039;s BEST for YOU. People will throw stones living in glass houses. At the end of the day, they don&#039;t live with your choice! Thank you Plan B for another option. Thank you Plan B for granting me a CHOICE."
"I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for about 6 months now, taking 50mg for about 6 weeks then bumping up to 100mg after that. I have noticed a huge change in mood. I don&#039;t fixate on little things and let them bother me for the whole day like they used too. I feel much more confident now and I am actually smiling lately. Some side effects I have noticed are the occasional headache (I find if I take it the same time each morning I don&#039;t get a headache), drymouth, and if I miss a dose I get absolutely WILD dreams and my anxiety comes creeping back in. Also, I notice it makes me ramble on and on when I talk sometimes which can be a little embarrassing especially in work situations. Overall though, the benefits significantly outweigh the side effects!!"
"This is a miracle in a tube! I had moderate to severe adult acne and would have breakouts on my cheeks, jawline, and chin that would leave dark marks for months. I have oily/sensitive skin. At first, the gel burned A LOT and I got a few more pimples, which are side effects of the product. But now after about a month, my skin is adjusting and looks better than it has in years! Little to no pimples and dark marks are fading!
My Routine:
Morning- Wash face in lukewarm water with Dove Exfoliating Soap, then apply Aveeno Clean Complexion moisturizer. 
Makeup - e.l.f. Blemish Control Primer and BB Cream
Night- Same as morning routine, but add Differin gel after washing face with soap, and apply Aveeno moisturizer about an hour afterward if needed"
"Relpax is the best remedy I have ever found for my migraines. I suffer from frequent migraines, if not daily.  It is an expensive medication if you don&#039;t have the insurance to cover it, but if you&#039;ve suffered you know its worth every penny because it works every time.  I do not take this medication anymore and here is why.  When I first started using this miracle medicine my migraines were not daily, however after about a month of using Relpax when my migraine hit, I began having them every single day, which caused me to take one pill, every day.  My pharmacist had concerns over daily usage, apparently the 6 pack is supposed to last a month.  Spoke to my doctor and he took me off of it due to the fact that I was having to take it every day."
"I have taken this several times for ear infections. I am currently taking for a Strep infection and it has always done great by me with minimal side effects. I recommend."
"I&#039;ve been on this for 9 yrs, i take 150mg 3 times a day, i&#039;ve missed sometimes up to 2 doses with no side effects. i would be dead today if it weren&#039;t for this pill, that&#039;s the god&#039;s honest truth. Only side effect I can think of is I&#039;ve gained a few pounds. Love Love this medication"
"This medicine is everything. I take this and within an hour I&#039;m in the bathroom. Once I take the pill I drink a whole bottle of water and it helps a whole lot better.  Usually go 2-3 times when I take the medicine. This medicine has saved my life."
"I am a 35 year old woman, who has taken meds for 1/2 her life. I struggle with obsessive compulsive disorder, intrusive thoughts and overall depression. Wellbutrin.. I take 150mg a day. It has changed my life.. I have less obsessive thinking, more motivation and for some reason care way less about what people think."
"I&#039;m 40 years old and have battled with acne on and off since I was a teenager. Have tried everything from natural remedies to Proactive, benzoyl peroxide etc. and they seemed to work for a short time. For the last year I started having cystic acne on my jawline that seemed to be getting worse and after going to a new dermatologist she prescribed Aczone. After 3 wks and almost giving up I can finally say that I have not had one pimple. I would have one almost everyone other day! You do have to be patient as the current pimples I had seemed to take forever to heal and fade, I can say that this is working for me now. I have some scarring  to deal with but my face will now have a chance to start healing without any new breakouts. Give it a try!"
"I have always had anxiety, but after having my twins at 25 weeks the anxiety just got worst. After their long stay in the NICU and they were fine I thought things would get better but it became my everyday life. I have now been on Lexapro for 4 days and I am very excited of the effects already. I feel more relaxed and I don&#039;t get upset over the little things. I am actually losing weight and sleeping better. I wish I had gone to my MD sooner because I feel like I am on my way to being my old self again. I am now on my way to being a better mom and wife and that makes me feel great."
"I&#039;ve had panic attacks since I can remember. I recall my family DR.telling my mother that I would eventually need something for my nerves. I developed an irregular heartbeat around the age of 20. Of course, I am the last person who needed that symptom. I would go into a full blown panic attack and end up in the ER. My family Dr talked me into taking Xanax. I took .5 3 times a day like clockwork. Along with  Tenormin for my afib.for 10 years . I then switched to Klonopin .5 3&times; daily. It was miracle. No side effects. After taking the same dose for 15 years, my new Dr dropped dropped it to twice daily. OK for about 6 months. I&#039;ve been  in the ER 5 times in the last 12 months. I need some good advice."
"My experience is completely different. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, I don&#039;t PMS at all since I&#039;ve been on this birth control. I no longer cramp like used too. I&#039;ve probably had about one bad cramp, unlike when I wasn&#039;t on birth control I would have terrible cramps every month. So yeah I love this birth control. "
"I tried the Oxytrol patch and liked the effect on helping my overactive bladder, but it irritated my skin and caused such itching I couldn&#039;t continue it. I tried placing the patch in a variety of places to no avail. I see on this site that it seems to be a common occurrence. "
"Hi
I just started on August 28th I&#039;m on a low dose 1.6 I haven&#039;t had any side effects yet but I&#039;m please to announce that my appetite is gone. I have to force myself to eat keep your fingers crossed for me"
"Keppra works great for me.  Been on it since August 2008 and
my seizures have been under control.  I am a 74 year old male
had two strokes with scar tissue causing seizures"
"I have taken this medication during certain times in my life due to events and change of time zones for long periods of time when my sleep pattern is broken.  It is great.  I have been able to stay at 25 mg without increase for more than a year and work myself off when fully recovered.  Be prepared to wait for it to kick in up to 2 weeks after starting it.  It needs to fully get into your system.  Everyones body is different.  Recently I tried zolpidem for a more immediate sleep and found I could only get 4 hours a night. I read about the addiction of it and possible rebound insomnia after weaning yourself off.  I am going back to that old model medicine, Amitriiptyline.  It is great and I get back to a 7-8 hour sleep pattern."
"I was in hospital for extreme pain in my tummy, vomiting and diarrhea at same time which later turned into vomiting and pooping blood. Diagnosed with Colitis. She also said it was a BI. I stayed a day cause the pain was so bad and I couldn&#039;t keep anything down so I was giving morphine by IV till I could keep fluids down. Also on Flagyl 500 3x day and Cipro 500 2x day for 14 days. On my 4th day and this medicine has been a life saver!! I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds in 4 days.  I&#039;m only eating a couple crackers and soup juice.  Nothing taste right. some foods have a metal taste. Also, makes me ache like I have the flu.  But nothing like the pain I was in before! I will take these few side effects before going through the pain I had before."
"I have had three serious psychotic events in my life.  The first was Post Partum Psychosis and hospitalization, the second was a breakthrough of my medication about 16 years later, at that time I was taking Mellaril and Zoloft.  I gradually weaned from the Mellaril because I was concerned about tardive disconecia.  I was fine for the next eight years, and had another psychotic break while under some extreme stress.  At that time, my physician added the Risperdal, and I had rapid disappearance off the anxiety and paranoia (it took about a week), and back to work in about a month. I have continued in a high functioning position as a university professor since that time, for the last twelve years, with no additional episodes."
"Once in a while I eat something that brings on the trots.   One pill usually does the trick.  Like any other over the counter medicine, it&#039;s not something to become dependent on.  Once I figure-out what food item did me in, I stop eating it."
"I love Skyla. I&#039;m so glad I got this IUD, the best birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. Other than a little extra bleeding after insertion, I&#039;ve had absolutely no pain or side effects of any kind. It&#039;s so low maintenance, you don&#039;t have to do a thing and you&#039;re protected. I will say that the insertion was uncomfortable but it was quick and the discomfort soon subsided. I&#039;ve had it now for 6 months, I still get my period but it&#039;s only for a few days and it&#039;s extremely light. Call me paranoid but I like getting my period, it&#039;s reassuring to me. I&#039;ve heard with Mirena, it stops but maybe Skyla is a little different since it&#039;s a lower dose of hormones. Either way, I can&#039;t say enough about how much I love Skyla."
"I use Elavil for fibromyalgia...it has worked wonders for my sleep issues. My overall quality of life has dramatically increased simply because I am able to get the sleep I so needed and its helping with depression/anxiety. It works better than Ambien. My dose now is only 50 mg...so glad I tried this medicine. I am very scared of antidepressants due to a horrible reaction from Cymbalta but Elavil is an older medication and its chemical makeup is different than most of the newer SSRIs. I went from sleeping on average of 4 to 5 hours a night...now I can sleep 10 without ever waking up..literally something I haven&#039;t been able to do in 5 years. This medicine is the best medicine for me, and I&#039;ve tried everything out there as I have had Fibro for 8 years."
"Taking Prozac for Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder is a miracle! But when I hit forty it really got worse.. especially at period time, my thoughts were so messed up, I would think things that I knew wasn&#039;t normal and cry because of the most ridiculous reasons or just non- stop crying for no reason. Irritated beyond expression and like my body was on speed. But all out of my control, I could not get in control of my moods or thoughts. So last year at my Gyno appointment I mentioned this bizarre experience I would have prior to my periods!
She explains PDD and prescribed Prozac. I take mine 14 days prior and every other day or every third day because it makes me feel draggy! Just depends how it affects me that month. I take it before I go to bed. Works great! New life!"
"Best advice:1.Get prescription pills &amp; continue until side effects are unbearable,that product will clear it up best &amp; fastest,Then switch to prescription polish. 2.Go buy electric nail file w attachments, keep thinnest &amp; short as possible. 3.Change socks morning/night. 4.Don&#039;t share nail tools! 5. Sally&#039;s has professional liquid cleaner, blue stuff lasts year! 6.Clean infected toes PM before changing socks. 7.i switched from pills to medicated polish because of headaches &amp; after 7 months my toe nail is clear &amp; growing at a similar rate to others. I&#039;ve read &amp; tried all the tricks. If u follow these instructions DAILY it WILL clear up but your looking at a year. Add Epsom Salt 2 minute soak, 2-3x wk, plug bath sink,put foot in."
"My husband got a very acute urtricaria on his whole body for 2 weeks. Nothing helped really to get rid of the burning patches. Benadryl caused more drowsiness then any help and additionally my husbands face was sweeling all over when taking Benadryl. Finally we got Allegra 180 mg pills. And just after the first Allegra pill all red patches on his skin and all swollen areas were gone for good as long as he keeps taking it twice a day 180 mg each tablet. This medicine is really great."
"BEST PRESCRIPTION MEDICINE EVER! I&#039;m on 1mg, 3 times a day as needed for the past year. It has made my life so much better. I highly recommend trying this medicine if you feel that you need help. Give it a shot, if you don&#039;t like it, then don&#039;t take it. I give it 10 out of 10."
"Just started on week two where I take one pill in the morning and one in the evening.  In 9 days I have lost 5.6 pounds &amp; have not a darn thing.  Granted in general I am not a huge sweets person or snacker - but trying to drop weight without starving myself or doing zero carbs - the scale wouldn&#039;t budge... Seeing the weight drop with no effort, just yet, is inspiring.  I love a nice cold beer &amp; perhaps indulge a little too much on weekends - but I now notice I don&#039;t really care if I have a beer or not.  losing almost 6 pounds is now motivating me to start eating cleaner and get walking / start some exercise regimen. Side effects I sweat more &amp; sleep is not that great(but I also have hyperdrosis &amp; take adderall). Will post after week 4"
"I was on the NuvaRing for almost 3 years and had mostly great experiences with it. I had little to no spotting, and the initial three month break-in time frame was easy and I had no irregularities.  I only suffered from one issue with NuvaRing and it was a side effect I didn&#039;t realize I was suffering from until I stopped using it for the past month (I switched to Mirena).  Over the course of the almost 3 years that I was on NuvaRing, my temper started getting worse and worse.  It wasn&#039;t anything obvious, but now that I&#039;m on Mirena I see that NuvaRing was contributing to a fair bit of moodiness (but still nowhere near the moodiness I had when on oral birth control). I would definitely recommend the NuvaRing."
"I absolutely love this medicine. ..
It seems like it&#039;s the only one that helps, it will make u sleepy and I also feel less hungry..."
"I could not believe how drawing on the Nicotrol Inhaler felt like a real cigarette. I was able to finally quit by having this in my pocket and pulling it out just when absolutely needed. I used it for 2 days and that was all I needed. I had smoked for 24 years about a pack a day. I haven&#039;t smoked in 11 years."
"I owe my life to sub&#039;s I was on 360,30 milligram oxycodones a month from my pain doctor for 6 out of the last 8 years.I&#039;m clean now 28 days on suboxone now I&#039;m starting to feel more alive and getting my life back is awesome. Its neat to actually have real emotions back that I haven&#039;t felt in years. Its like I&#039;ve been in a dream for _8 years I only hope the sub&#039;s aren&#039;t as extreme to get off when I&#039;m ready .god bless."
"A lifesaver at night when unable to mouth breath. Only problem was I became addicted to using it! My nose became congested every-night &amp; would only become unblocked when I used Otrivin. I had to wean myself off it."
"Obviously , the condom broke and it was 11 pm we were scared because I&#039;m 18 and my boyfriend is 19. We were scared more than anything. But no matter what stay clam because freaking out does not help at all. We took the pill at 10 am the following morning . My period was estimated two weeks after taking the pill . My period was 3 days late but within the two weeks I did feel like throwing up like constantly. At the end the pill works it does . Not pregant and helped"
"With Crohn&#039;s and irritable bowel syndrome, trips were out of the question. My MD put me on Librax and in my opinion saved my life. I can now enjoy a meal at a restaurant then take out and eating it at home. The cramps are gone and now I&#039;m am enjoying life as never before. Thanks to my doctor for this miracle."
"Got Implanon in December and had it removed a couple weeks ago. I&#039;m back on the pill and my hormones are still fluctuating so I&#039;m waiting until I&#039;m normal again. HORRIBLE side effects. Do not recommend!! I had it in for about 5 months and got my period twice on it (more like spotting for a week). It gave me insane acne on my face and back, terrible breast pain and swelling, the most extreme mood swings, increased my depression and anxiety x1000, gave me headaches at first, and completely wiped out my sex drive. Had pretty much every side effect except weight gain and never ending spotting. Removal was horrible, took 2 incisions to remove the stick from hell!!! PROS: never had to maintain birth control (like pills, nuvaring) and not pregnant"
"My doctor gave me this cream to use on precancerous spots on my face. She told me I could try on other spots as well. I have a large number of  keratosi (plural?) on the tops of my thighs. I decided to try it out on them. It has only been a few days and they are almost completely gone!"
"I take the 24mg twice a day after having severe constipation post-chemo and multiple abdominal surgeries.  It takes a couple of days for it to cause a movement, but when it does, it&#039;s unbelievable how much it works!  I have felt the nausea and headaches, but didn&#039;t realize it was caused by the Amitiza.  I&#039;m so thankful to have this medicine!"
"69 year old male. New to statins. Have started on Atorvastatin and in the first 80 days, with no side effects, cholesterol has dropped from 258 to 179, LDL to 100, and LDL/HDL ratio to 2.2. So... success! Very pleased."
"I have terrible anxiety coupled with really bad tactile disturbances that make me feel like I just want to crawl out of my skin or slough it like a snake. My entire body, including eyes, felt like it was so dry and flakey I couldn&#039;t handle it. This med helps so much with that and now I am at least comfortable in my skin even when my anxiety is at its worst."
"When I took this, I took it without food, and within 45 minutes I puked it up, and had such severe abdominal pain I couldn&#039;t move and I was breathing like I was giving birth."
"I took 10mg, 3x day hydrocodone for a year prior to a new pain doc in a new state requiring I switch to Hysingla ER. I had only had one 10mg hydrocodone for each of the two days prior to beginning the Hysingla so this was not withdrawals. An hour after the 20mg pill, my heart was pounding hard, short of breath, which progressed to severe abdominal pain, nausea, the worst pain of my life (easily 2-3x my very worst days with stage 3 adhesive arachnoiditis, Ehlers-Danlos, and innumerable tarlov cysts on my spinal cord), joint pain, muscle pain and spasms, and I could literally feel my CSF pulsing in my spinal cord. The doc actually made me take a second dose because she thought I was in withdrawal. I vomited the 2nd one and nearly aspirated it"
"I was suffering from migraines for over a year before I sought treatment.  By then I was having one every other day.  The day I didn&#039;t have one, I was washed out and drained.  Within a week of starting propranolol, my migraines were gone.  I haven&#039;t had a single headache of any type in two months.  I also haven&#039;t had any side effects.  Well, until today.  Not really a side effect though.  I missed three pills and started getting dizzy, nauseous and headachy.  So it&#039;s actually a side effect of NOT taking my medicine."
"This medication makes me worthless man, I feel sick when I take this drug, very sick thinking, Muscle pain, suicidal thoughts sometimes, Please stop taking this drugs, if feel you feel any of these symptoms"
"I got the 3 day treatment, the first day I used it, it was hard - it burned and was itchy. About 30 minutes passed and the burning  and itch was gone, the second day it didn&#039;t bother me at all. I really am feeling better down there, I guess the burn means that it is working."
"I&#039;ve tried many antidepressants before, and this seems best and with least side effects. I have been prescribed it along with duloxetine, and this combination seems to be excellent in reducing anxiety and depression to almost zero. I now take 30mg Mirtazapine before bed, and 60mg Duloxetine in the morning. I also take 0.25mg Pramipexole at bedtime to curb the restless legs syndrome and help with libido. This way sex life is not hampered by the Duloxetine. There is initially a period of adjusting to meds, weight gain, but I have so much more energy to exercise so I&#039;m fit now. Well recommended. Starting dose for mirtazapine was 15mg, and for duloxetine 30mg."
"2nd Update: 7m 10d &amp; I am still very happy with this med. Down 31lbs so far: started at 229lbs/36.4bmi; today at 198lbs/31.5bmi; goal is 156lbs/24.8bmi - just to get out of the &ldquo;obese&rdquo; range. I was inconsistent for a while (no pills while away on a 3wk vacay &amp; only 2pills/day for a few months) &amp; didn&rsquo;t see any side effects or weight gain, just plateaued, which is good to know for when I go off this med someday. Back on the full dose for a few weeks &amp; losing weight again. Very easy to skip a meal &amp; hardly notice, which is where the real weight loss comes in. I don&rsquo;t crave the bad foods I used to &amp; don&rsquo;t mindlessly eat. ScaleDown trial ran out (was able to keep the scale) but after a few months it was only generic info anyway &amp; not worth it."
"I got the nexplanon after I had my daughter in 2014. I bled constant for eight months straight. I then went to sporatic periods (on one week, spot the next, nothing a few days, then BAM back to bleeding)  I have gained 30 pounds on this and can not lose it for the life of me, no diet or exercise regimen will work. Also, I have been battling depression and dissociation off and on since I got it. However,  I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. So it definitely does it&#039;s job. But I finally am scheduled to get it out next week, one year early. I will not ever get it again. Everyone will react differently."
"When the doctor gave me these patches I had a a &quot;yeah right&quot; attitude.  I am  stunned! I applied the first patch and 3 days later I had significant pain relief! I just applied my 2nd patch and I am able to resume doing a lot of things I haven&#039;t done in years. I had side effects at first, sleepiness, shakiness, and severe nausea but they passed within the first week. I am amazed and pleased at the effectiveness of these patches."
"I have been taking it for 3 weeks and have lost 6 pounds. I was on Adipex. It has been 5 months in total and I have lost 42 pounds. I have 30 more to go. I am eating 1200-1300 calories a day, and exercising at least 3 times a week."
"Hope that my information will be read by doctors and the creators of that wonderful and reliable website. I would like to tell, that for me the Acyclovir is sometimes not working while taken as pills, but it ALWAYS works very good, when given in the form of infusions. Of course the doctor must fit the amount of the days when the drips will be given to a patient (it is usually 5-6 days up to 10 days) to the amount of the virus. But it always works - I recovered from the EBV thanks to that five times. I am a proof it always works this way."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for 9 years now. I take one every four hours, and it is a God send. I have two ruptured discs in my back, and with it I am pain free. Over time you may become tolerant to it, and need more to get the same relief."
"I had been backed up for at least half a year when things went from bad to worse. The last two months, I was lucky to go once a week. My stool was so hard and big that it hurt to much to go. My doctor prescribed Miralax to me and it started to work a little. Then, she recommended I take two cap fulls in two cups of water instead of one in one. After a day or two, I went to go and it literally went from 100% bad to 100% great. I was not only able to go but it didn&#039;t hurt at all. It was so amazing to finally not be in pain that I literally cried. I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone with that kind of constipation."
"My biggest fear with bc pills was the weight gain - I can assure you now that this does not happen &amp; is somewhat of a myth. I&#039;m married, been on this pill for about two plus years &amp; haven&#039;t had any scares or issues. I get a little nausea when starting a new pack so I always take at night (my only real hang up). Never emotional, super light and predictable periods. Very happy."
"I had a really bad bronchitis and sinus. The doctor prescribed  me. Augmentin 875. I had some cough, but a really bad headache, I hardly ever get headaches.  These were very bad."
"I asked my doctor for a birth control because I was in a relationship and we both decided pregnancy is not in our near future and I can say Trinessa did it&#039;s part when it comes to baby making time haha. I did not break out a lot before Trinessa, but now even during the week I get my period, I have zero acne, and I am talkin no zits at all. I do not take the sugar pills during the week I am on my period because they are only there to take if you can not remember to start your birth control that Sunday, other than that they will make you gain weight. Downside I&#039;m on like month 6 and I&#039;m nauseous almost every time I take my pill sometimes even after I take it on a full stomach. Still regular cycle, overall I do like it besides the nausea."
"Before I started on Singulair I would have several serious asthma flares every year requiring prednisone treatment. Since starting Singular several years ago I have only had one serious asthma flare. My allergic rhinitis is also much better controlled."
"It definitely works. I&#039;ve been on it for six months and have not become pregnant. There was slight nausea and some change in irritability but I am overall happy with it. My skin is also flawless!"
"Minor bleeding for a few weeks after insitu. After that - none at all. Don&#039;t even know where I am in my cycle- no pain or bleeding. Only cost $30 for 5 years! Feel sorry for those who don&#039;t have one!"
"I started Safyral in April for irregular menstrual cycle and severe pms my only complaint was that for about a week or two I was spotting off and on but my periods are very light I&#039;m use to very heavy flow no backaches cramps I still will get an occasional pimple literally 1 or 2 a few days before my cycle but no acne mood swings or depression my only regret is not starting this sooner"
"I had Hep-C geno type 3a, took Daklinza 60mg per day and Sovaldi 400mg per day together and after 27 days of 27 tablets each, I had blood work and was cleared of Hep-C, I&#039;m finishing it all just in-case of the 12 week program of 3 scripts of 28 pills each. I had a few headaches and itchy skin and at first felt weak when I took them in the morning so I changed it to the evening and everything was fine. I was approved to take Benadryl, 2 in the morning and 2 at night and it helped the itching, could not take any pain medicine for the headaches. My health insurance covered all but my one time deductible of $6000 and after that I paid nothing. My nurse found a company to pay my deductible."
"Ortho Tri Cyclen (in my opinion) seems to be the most effective birth control pill with the least amount of unwanted side effects. I have tried several generic forms as well as the Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and experienced mild unwanted side effects such as cramping and spotting."
"Hi Ladies I wanted to share my experience with this orsythia pill. Well I have now been takin it for about 5 months and I Love it. I was on the nexplanon for 6 months before I changed it to the pill. And it was the worst so many symptoms like headaches and nausea and always so hungry. When i had my son I was weighting at 200 pounds before I had him and lost 30 when I gave birth so I was down to 170. I tried my hardest to loose weight with the nexplanon after inserting it after giving birth. I dieted well eating 1,200 or less calories a day doing 3 hours of workout and nothing. Right when I switched to the pill I started losing weight rapidly I was at 170 and now I&#039;m at 142 in less than 4 months and I havnt been as hungry"
"I&#039;m 50yrs old and have lived with psoriasis for half that time.  I don&#039;t like to even take ibuprofen so obviously I&#039;ve been reluctant to go on such a significant biologic.  That said, Humira has been an absolute miracle.  I&#039;m now after 90 days 100% cleared.  This is not BS.  THIS IS THE TRUTH.  I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I have taken this for over a 18 months. It works great. I have Atrial Fibrillation and Tachycardia. I had previously taken Rythmol for six months - it added 20 pounds to me and I was eating less and less. The diltiazem is working great, started on 120mg but just recently went to 180mg. Having a few more episodes but am also dealing with breast health issues - it could very well be from anxiety from this rather than actual heart issues. Very hard to discern. Would recommend this over Rythmol - hands down, and in the last 6 months have lost 10 of the 20 Rythmol put on me."
"I have been taking zovirax for over 12 years, 400 mg each night at bedtime.  I have only had a few outbreaks, caused by kissing my husband who had outbreaks.  On doctor&#039;s orders, I am to increase to 800 mg each night at bedtime when I do have an outbreak, or when I&#039;m not feeling well.  Other virus&#039; can set off a cold sore attack."
"Been taking Daliresp for about a year. It has definitively helped my breathing. I am diagnosed with severe COPD. This medicine and twice daily nebulizing with Brovana and Budesonide and Ipratropium for rescue has really helped me."
"I have hemiplegic migraines and end up at the hospital about once a month.  Each time, with the exception of twice (given morphine - allergic reactions occurred), I was given a toradol cocktail through IV in the ER.  After a few minutes, the pain began to subside and I went to sleep.  I would recommend this if one is able to take it."
"From the insertion I was uncomfortable and the cramp was so painful. The Dr said to expect a pinch and a cramp. Haha I was in pain and having contraction like cramps for weeks.  Today was one month and I had severe cramps for hours. I finally reached in and pulled it out. Who knew something so small could have me doubled over in pain from just walking or sitting the wrong way. I was taking minimum 6 pain pills a day. God bless anyone else going through these cramps. It wasn&#039;t worth it.
I did not have insurance so I am greatful that planned hoods sponsors paid for it."
"After trying prozac (didn&#039;t like) and wellbutrin (better than prozac but still not terrific), was given Celexa by a new doc. I have dysthmia that increases in winter months (probably due to less light where I live, during the shorter days from Oct-March). Celexa gave me an almost instant &#039;happy&#039; boost and I haven&#039;t been off it for more than 6 mos. for a long time. Pros: more energy, no crying spells when daylight lessens during winter months. Cons: did not work for my GAD (I take alprazolam for that), libido is almost non-existent, and my emotions are somewhat blunted (meaning, I don&#039;t really cry often, when before I used to be emotional over a lot of things...but I can take that!) Impact on libido is the most annoying side effect."
"I had a sympathectomy on my right side in 2001 and ever since I have had excessive sweating on my left side. It got so bad I was literally folding paper towels and tucking them under my arm to soak it up. My shirts were always wet on the left side. After just a couple of nights using Drysol I don&#039;t have wet shirts &amp; no need for paper towels. It does burn &amp; itch little when I first apply it &amp; I get a kind of bruised feeling in my under arm but nothing major or that I couldn&#039;t deal with. Huge improvement!"
"Just finished 14 day treatment with generic Omeprazole 20mg delayed release (CVS). 
1) Tiny capsules, very easy to swallow. 
2) No side-effects. 
3) After second day, reflux and heartburn diminished completely. 
4) Treatment just ended, so no long-term experience yet."
"I am on my fourth month with this pill and it works great. The only side effect I have seen is very mild blemishes, which does bother me because before starting use of the medication I rarely ever got pimples. My periods are once a month but only last about two days and are fairly light. I am so far pleased."
"Just diagnosed with metastasized prostate cancer. Have been on Casodex for 11 days today (will be on it for 30 days). The only side effect (at least so far) was fatigue for the first 5 days, nothing now. My urinary symptoms (delayed start, dribbling, weak stream, urgency &amp; frequency) have all improved dramatically over these 11 days. Received my first shot of Lupron today (7.5mg) and am hoping for the best. That will be my next medicine review in about two weeks."
"Had unprotected sex on the 13th day of my period so most likely during my most fertile days. Managed to get access to Plan B 60h after the mishap and I am pleased to say that my period arrived on time and we are in the clear. I am so happy that I had this second chance."
"I was put on Humira when I was 25 and I am now currently 31.  The first thing I noticed was that it cleared up my plaque psoriasis very quickly.  My nails and scalp looked normal within 3-4 weeks.  I have PsA in my spine, ankles, knees and hands.  I was having trouble walking and experienced chronic fatigue which caused me to gain 20 lbs very quickly.  I would fall asleep from exhaustion after getting myself showered and dressed.  After the Humira took effect I had my energy back.  I could exercise again and I was back to doing the things I enjoyed.  I still experience flare ups (mostly due to stress) and I still have difficulty sitting for long periods of time, but this drug was life changing.  Vicodin helps me with the flare ups."
"I took this medication for about 8 months and developed a pulmonary embolism. I&#039;m 26, non smoker, 115lbs, very healthy. Birth control causes blood clots in many women. Please be aware of this. Especially if you have pain in your legs or start to feel a tightness in your chest. Never would I anticipate this happening to me."
"Mobic has been great for my arthritis. I&#039;ve had Mobic prescribed by several different doctors over the past 10 years and 1) haven&#039;t had a problem with it, and 2) it&#039;s one of the only medications that helps with my arthritis, which I have in just about every joint but my elbows. Ibuprofen works too but I started retaining fluid and swelling up after taking it off and on for several years. Hope nothing similar happens w Mobic as it&#039;s a godsend."
"I have a bad lumbar disc L5-S1 in my low back which needs to be removed. I&#039;m taking Lycria because it helps keep the pain from going down my leg. Lyrica works great. If it wasn&#039;t for Lyrica I wouldn&#039;t be walking."
"I have always had horrible acne.  Even after a round of accutane it came back a few years later.  After I had my son It got worse so I looked into yaz.  My gyno was on it as well so she did make me feel more comfortable with taking it as I was very cautious due to the reviews online.  I have cystic acne,  I don&#039;t remember a time where I had less than 3 pimples on my face.  I&#039;ve been on Loryna for 6 months and my skin is clear!! Only break out (literally 1 pimple) when my period is coming or if I forget to wash my face.  But 1 pimple is sooooo much better than the endless amounts I would get before yaz."
"I started with the mixed solution, (Moviprep Orange) 1 litre, at seven in the evening. 
I allowed one and a half hours to drink the 
product. It was roughly an hour after finishing the drink that I passed my first motion. The overall process between starting the drink and the complete emptying of my bowel amounted to around three and a half hours. My second dose was started at 6am the next morning. I drank the litre within an hour. The first movement this time was much quicker. within half an hour. My bowel was completely empty at around 8-40. So this process was 2 hours and forty minutes. I found the drink quite palatable. Certainly not difficult to drink. This is the second occasion I have used it and on both occasions my bowel has been cleaned well and perfectly prepared for the examination. I had no side effects whatsoever."
"This absolutely works.  I quit twice but I needed more than 2 months (doctor did not think so).  When I got a new RX last year, the cost was out of sight...185.00/month.  I had hoped the cost would come down because I know it works.  For now, I am in limbo......"
"I am a female  with hypothyroidism, post menopause and over 50.  I was at the heaviest in my life gaining over 60 lbs after being diagnosed with my thyroid disorder. I finally found a Dr. who would put me on Phentermine. I have been on it for a week short of 90 days and I&#039;ve lost 32 lbs. There&#039;s nothing that in my 7 yrs fighting this hypothyroidism that allowed me to lose even 10 lbs. Not even cutting my daily caloric intake to less than 1200 calories a day. Which my Dr. wasn&#039;t at all happy about since she says 1400-1600 is the very least someone should eat.  I am so very happy with the results. I wish of course I could have lost the entire 60lbs I gained when I got the slow thyroid issue. But I am nevertheless very pleased."
"I lost 80 pounds in 6 months. I lost a little hair but it stopped when I stopped taking it. I also had shakiness in my hands and sweets tasted crazy sour, but apart from that I was good."
"I finally started this medication in Sept. Of 2016. The only side effect I had was loss of taste and once I finished my 90 day supply, my taste came back. My toenails were awful. "
"I was prescribed this a few week&#039;s ago but had to stop taking it. I currently take Seroquel (Quetiapine) 100 mg, and was not sure why the Psychiatrist would prescribe the Celexa (Citalopram) as I had been informed by a pharmacist that combining Seroquel and Celexa is dangerous and could possibly cause heart problems. There is a MAJOR drug interaction between those two meds, as that would explain why my chest was hurting and my depression actually got way worse, I also didn&#039;t have an appetite at ALL while on the Celexa so I had to just stop taking it. Horrible drug."
"I started having daily headaches that turned into a severe migraine as the day progressed.  Eventually I would end up lying in bed, in the dark, with no noise, unable to sleep, vomiting from the pain.  I was terrified it was my new normal.
This was the 1st medication my D.O. prescribed. 25mg for a month. 1st week no headaches.  Then they slowly returned but would start a little later in the day.
I take 50mg twice a day with 40mg twice a day of propanolol for prevention and it works unless I do a lot of crying.  Then I take Fioricet."
"I have been using antabuse for a month.  I have had some side effects as in some nausea and headaches.  I still feel that the benefit of the prescription far outweighs any side effects, nowing this has really given my family a sense of security."
"After having been diagnosed with a rare type of multiple sclerosis called &quot;Malignant Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis&quot; (also known as Marbug Variant MS) there was not much for the doctors to do for me but to put me on a cocktail of pain medications that would &#039;hopefully&#039; help to keep me comfortable while in the throws of relentless chronic pain. Eventually I was given Dilaudid 8mg oral tablet to help with the pain. It eventually stopped working as good so the dosage was increased to 16mg per 4 hours. And that is what I am currently taking. 
Because my rare form of MS has no treatments, no medications..it&#039;s just a progressive downward spiral. I&#039;m now fully bedridden and a spectator of life. But I&#039;m so grateful for dilaudid! Recommend"
"I started at 25 mg of Lamictal. After 2 weeks my doctor increased it to 50 mg. 2 weeks after increasing my med I noticed a minor skin rash on my chest one night. I overlooked it &amp; continued taking the Lamictal. When my doctor increased it to 100 mg that is when I started having a bad reaction. That night I broke out in a bad rash on my chest, stomach &amp; left arm (not my right arm). I also started having bad chest pains. I called my doctors office the next day &amp; the nurse told me to stop taking the Lamictal &amp; go to the hospital. I&#039;m stubborn, so I refused to go. My chest pains had gone away &amp; the rash was clearing up, so I wasn&#039;t as worried about it as I was the night before. I decided to go to the EmergiCare instead &amp; I turned out to be OK"
"I have been on 10 MG Norco for four years due to back and arm pain.  It helps a lot especially in the morning when I get up.  I am developing arthritis and my Neurologist thinks I might have fibromyalgia.  I also have two heel spurs and tarsal tunnel syndrome in my left foot.  And I also take Neurontin  for my feet.  I can&#039;t hardly take a Norco after 5 pm or so as they keep me up.  I take Klonopin at bedtime or excess stress during the day.  Nobody that doesn&#039;t know me well even knows any of this because I can walk pretty normally."
"I took this drug exactly as directed. Twice a day with a meal... yada yada... you already know how it goes. I didn&#039;t have any symptoms other than metallic taste in mouth.... however this did not clear up my BV at all. My odor and discharge wasn&#039;t bad to begin with, I&#039;ve just been very itchy and very sore after sex down there. (I&#039;ve been tested for everything, only one parter, he&#039;s clean and been tested too. NO STDS. Only BV) still very itchy. Nothing is working, and I&#039;m beginning to become desperate for a cure :("
"As far as bowel prep goes, I&#039;d say this was a fairly pleasant experience. The medicine itself tastes like water and slightly salty grape koolaid. Not the most pleasant, but it was absolutely doable. Results began about 15 min after my first dose. Slight nausea immediately following the completion of each dose but it dissipated very quickly. Aside from that and a bit of a bloated feeling in my abdomen, I have no complaints! Mind over matter people, you can do it!!"
"Demerol provides very clean pain relief. It simply turns off the pain like a switch. I felt no euphoria, numbness, thickening or noticeable impairment. It is highly restricted and after the critical period the medication was switched to something less addictive yet far less effective and carrying unwanted baggage. "
"I have been on this for over 8 years. It was my first and only birth control brand. Made my breasts swell and hurt for a couple months and then that completely went away. I had no other side effects. By this point my periods are so light I will do 4-6 patches before removing it (yes, you can do this with the patch!). I highly recommend this. I put the patch on a butt cheek and alternate sides each week."
"I&#039;m 30 years old. I&#039;ve been dealing with low Testosterone for over 3 years. I&#039;ve found a doctor that has finally put me on this medication I been on it for four hours and cannot believe how I feel already. I have erectile dysfunction issues for the last year and it is working like it is brand-new again and it&#039;s only been four hours. So far amazing start."
"This medication has helped me with my battle with infertility. With it, I have had two successful pregnancies, though with minimal side effects. So much happy to become a parent after six years of infertility. It had also helped me with a benign tumor in my brain, and I think I&#039;m a normal woman now. I was initially placed on half the tablet a day but later increased to 1 and 1/2 a day, with series of blood tests and MRI scans. It really helped and I&#039;m still using it with routine checkups."
"I think this drug is probably the best thing for people with severe allergies. I tried EVERYTHING before XYZAL and I finally stumbled upon this through my doctor and I am so happy I did. Now I can actually wake up and go through the day without sneezing, coughing, or getting a head cold."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia approximately 5 years ago. I was taking Cymbalta to help with the pain until my prescription insurance no longer covered it. My doctor gave me a months supply (samples) of Pristiq. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 weeks now and I&#039;ve felt like myself for the first time in 5 years! My house has seen more cleaning in the past 2 weeks than it has over the past five years! I was a neat freak before Fibro and I&#039;m all of a sudden a neat freak again! I love it! I do still have pain, but I&#039;m able to control it with Darvocet. Pristiq gives me energy and ambition! I no longer have to take my daily nap(s)! I feel like I have a second lease on life! I could go on and on all day, but I need to get back to my cleaning! "
"Hi , I started taking pregabalin for nerve pain in my face. I started on 50mg twice a day and now take 150mg twice a day. I have suffered with anxiety and depression for years and tried a few anti depressants, which made me feel worse. When I started the pregabalin for the nerve pain, I noticed that my depression and anxiety were gone completely! As well as the pain. It was like a miracle. I used to wake every morning with a churning stomach due to anxiety. But that has gone completely. I can only say , try it!"
"My doctor had to cut into my jawbones to extract my wisdom teeth that hadn&#039;t come in yet to ease the pain in my mouth. He put me on the oxycodone 10/650mg. They work wonders. While I was taking them I didn&#039;t even care if my mouth hurt. Then I got real bad migraines and the doctor thought they was caused by the pain pills. He switched me to something else and now I am still in pain. All in all I say oxycodone was excellent."
"3d day on flagyl and cipro after 6 days of diarrhea , found out I have colitus . Bowel infection due to a parasiite. Diarrhea finally stopped but the stomach sounds I have are hugely intense!!! And the horrible taste in my mouth is aweful. But hey! It&#039;s doing its job! Better than having the big D for 6 days in a row!"
"I must say this birth control was a horrible experience.  I had taken Chateal for about 11 months.  I experienced horrible mood swings and depression while taking this.  I didn&#039;t pin point that it was the pill until I finally switched birth controls and my moods swings have been far less than they have been the last 11 months.  I know everyone reacts differently to birth control and this one was NOT for me.  Please be in tune with your body and how it reacts."
"Been coughing for 3 weeks and this helped a lot. I am taking all sorts of over the counter pills, gels, capsules, hot water, cold water mixes with multiple active ingredients and Cheratussin AC syrup gave me better relief than anything else. I still couldn&#039;t sleep through the night and ended up taking middle of the night doses with the other things as it took over 4 weeks to get over my flu. When I was younger I got a codeine cough syrup and it didn&#039;t help but this time this did."
"Third colonoscopy for screening purposes, first time using Suprep.  The split dosing worked great -- drank first dose from 4:30 - 4:45 PM, one hour later the poop parade began, and went perhaps 5 times over the next two hours, color was brownish-yellow by the end of round one.  Drank second dose from 3:15 - 3:30 PM, liquid poop parade began 1/2 hour later, and was coming out clear yellow by 5:30 AM.  Dr. said the preparation was very good.  Suprep flavor is not bad -- I mixed it with ice water, drank it in three big gulps, chased with orange gatorade.  It&#039;s a little gross, but take your time and sip other palatable juices in between and you&#039;ll be fine."
"Before I had another birth control and my hormones was through the roof and made me depressed really bad.. I switched to this brand because lower dose of hormones. So far this brand is working for me! (NO Baby yet) I been using this for about half a year if not a year already. I had missed periods, very late periods, mild mood swings (nothing major) though. Acne pretty bad which I don&#039;t like about it. My appetite decreased major.. I lost so much weight because of it. (Even if I eat regularly) I&#039;m 21 yrs old and was 123lbs now I&#039;m 116.5lbs exact. My sex drive increased a little bit that I noticed but pretty much the same I think. Other than that this brand works for me."
"I cannot believe how effective this medicine is. Usually I would be shaky, bright red and my voice would sound like I&#039;m about to cry or something. After taking 40mg before my presentation I was as cool as a cucumber! Kept thinking during the presentation, I can&#039;t believe I am able to do this and not feel embarrassed. Won&#039;t fear presentations anymore."
"Very strong but gentle. Box says wait 30 min to 6 hours. Found from personal experience that you don&#039;t take this unless you plan on staying home. It always took 2 hours to work for me so once I took it and then ran some errands, expecting to be home in 45 minutes-plenty of time of course (since it was the only time I ever took it and left home) it started working in 30 minutes as the box said. Once you feel a &quot;gurgling&quot; feeling in your intestines you better get to a bathroom. Fortunately I was close to home but barely made it home since my insides had turned to water. Once it starts working I have a few watery movements over 2 hours then all is well. No cramping, tastes better if diluted with lots of cold water. Drink it as fast as you can."
"All praises to program. I have not had any problems with rejections. Liver transplant Date 2011.  I&rsquo;ve had some itching and my sleeping is awful.  But my main problem follows. I have developed NODM (New Onset Diabetes Management) and I simply cannot lose weight, instead , I am gaining and CANNOT LOSE.  I EXERCISE AT LEAST 1 1/2 HRS DAILY, MY DIET IS EXCELLENT AND I&#039;M A MODEL PATIENT. Yet my post transplant diabetes is out of control.  I am hovering around 7.0 and I am literally killing myself exercising, eating right, taking meds correctly, etc.  Been seen by 4 Endocrinologists....more oral meds and more insulin.  Just this week, I&rsquo;m been told to take Glipizide maximum daily dose, Novolog insulin, 9 units X3, Novolin 28Us/10Us &amp; Junevia"
"The only sleeping pill i have tried that does not make me feel like I&#039;ve been hit by a bus in the morning. A really refreshing sleep. Also taking cipramil and epilim and no adverse reactions."
"Update!- As below I stated that doxycycline and Epiduo did an outstanding job. It continued to do so for 1 and a half months but they say all good things come to an end. Because I was getting used to the tetracycline antibiotic,  I started getting little pimples-definitely not as bad as before so my dermatologist switched me over to Oratane for the cure. I really am so happy doxycycline kick started my clear skin. Don&#039;t forget to moisturize and sunscreen!"
"I feel so much better since I started taking Celexa 2 weeks ago, I am 41 and was feeling very negative and tired all the time and sad. I didn&#039;t want to interact with people. Now I feel like I did 15 years ago, it&#039;s great, more energy, I sleep less and I am doing more things socially, already.  A few side effects were headache and eye pain but they have almost completely gone away and I am so glad I stuck with it."
"I&#039;ve been taking prozac for three months now and I&#039;m the best I&#039;ve ever been. I can see the beauty in the world that I saw when I was little. I don&#039;t think bad thoughts anymore. Sometimes I miss a few days on my medication and I&#039;ll see something like a road or a song or an old diary entry from my journal and it will be a subtle reminder of how I felt but I am strong enough to fight those thoughts and push them away. I smile more and I talk to people. I&#039;m not scared to talk to people in public anymore. My anxiety is almost gone. I dont feel depressed anymore and I love myself. I don&#039;t hate myself anymore. I&#039;ve gotten distracted by how beautiful and amazing I can be that I don&#039;t think about flaws or imperfections. I feel great. Prozac is a miracle"
"I am 25 weeks pregnant and was told by my midwife to start using this product for my yeast infection. As soon as I applied it, my vee-jay got on fire! The itching and burning is horrible!!! Hopefully this will go away soon! I am laying here and  my vee-jay  is itching like crazy! Awful product!!!"
"This medication is possibly good for thousands of patients but gave me agitation and hot feet after  using only for only  3 days . These symptoms might happened to others as any medicine probably cause reaction to any individual."
"I&#039;ve been on enbrel with other meds then finally with metrotexato since I was about 19 years old. The other meds I took were strong (harsh). So before I start, the absolute first credit in recovery goes to God. 

Now about the med, Enbrel, It really has helped me out in living a normal life (just add exercise)... Big difference from not being able to get up to being able to run again. Yet lately each time an injection has been made on my upper left arm, it feels odd. I feel as if the fluid is running into my veins going towards my rib cage. One time it felt as if it was going directly to my heart. Later it would feel warm in those areas, but giving it a few minutes later it would feel cool, oddly fresh. I would like to know if others have had similar symptoms."
"Works great for menstrual pain and doesn&#039;t hurt my stomach like other naproxen, as long as I take it on a full stomach. I take one and it works all day. Only draw back is the cost, so my doctor stocked me up on samples. Even with insurance it was outrageous."
"During my  mid 40&#039;s,  I began experiencing excruciating neck pain. I had cervical fusion for a ruptured cervical disk. After the  surgery, I have had extreme chronic fatigue,  bone pain, overall body pain, and paralysis of one vocal cord.  I tried numerous pain medications which had absolutely no effect on my pain. Ultimately, the combination of medications that helped were a low dosage of methadone, Prozac, and Provigil (for narcolepsy). Recently my doctor changed by Prozac to Cymbalta. My  pain is now almost
gone!   (I am still taking methadone, but maybe it will no longer be necessary. (I changed to Nuvigil for extreme daytime sleepiness.) No side effects from Cymbalta except for slight nausea during the first week of use."
"I have been on Sprintec for a month now. The first week was fine but starting the second week I got my period and it still has not gone away I have been on my period now for 20 days it is miserable. Alongside this I have been bloated, cramping, my skin has broken out, and my moods have been horrible. This pill was not the right choice for me it has poorly affected my quality of life. I recommend sharing a concern like this with your doctor as I never expected to have such a problem."
"Count me as another woman upset that Ocella is no longer a generic. According to BlueCross, who has received tons of calls on this change, Ocella is now a brand name drug and is also non-formulary. Even though the drug worked great for me and was helpful in my treatment of PCOS, there&#039;s no way I can spend $160 for a three month supply, especially for something that used to be completely covered by insurance."
"I just started taking Paxil 10mg (I&#039;m on day 11) and I feel amazing and no side effects. Before Paxil, I wouldn&#039;t leave my house and if I had to I would stay within a 15 minute radius from my house. I had crippling panic attacks and nervousness all day long. I lost my job, my 10 yr relationship suffered, I gained weight and lost contact with myself and everything I used to enjoy. 
Today I decided to up my dose to 20mg. It made me tired but extremely calm. I&#039;m able to drive, run errands, keep up with housework and I am in control of my anxiety with some help of Ativan 1mg if needed.
Paxil saved my life and I suggest anyone with GAD,OCD,PTSD and DEPRESSION to seriously consider this drug. God is good and I feel blessed."
"I was diagnosed with Panic Disorder in 2001. I immediately started taking Paxil. At 40mg/day I felt GREAT! No more panic attacks and my concentration improved significantly! For those that find that Paxil does NOT work, please have your thyroid checked. Thyroid problems are closely interconnected with anxiety/depression disorders! I was diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s Autoimmune Disease of the Thyroid as well as Hypothyroid (underactive thyroid) at the same time I was diagnosed with my Panic Disorder. My Paxil combined with Synthroid (a thyroid hormone) has put me back to normal. It&#039;s been 11 years now! Cheers!"
"I&#039;ve been drinking since 12y/o.  Relapsed hard about 3 weeks ago after the manager at work had suspected that I had been drinking at work and fired me.  I spent all of the money I had left in the bank trying to drink myself to death.  Had a free ride to law school and lost that, so that played a big role in my depressive drinking.  Got to the hospital after I began going into withdrawals and they sedated me, and gave me a Librium prescription.  I&#039;m a 210 pound male with 12% bf so I&#039;m a strong otherwise healthy guy.  Four 25 mg first day then tapered down the second day decreasing each day by 1 pill.  I&#039;m still on 1 pill at night.  You should exercise when off to control CNS excitement.  Vivid dreams too. Saved me too."
"This drug has been a lifesaver to me. It&#039;s helped provide me with mood stability with an antidepressant effect, whereas lithium only controlled the mania part of my mood. I use this in combination with other drugs  and so far there hasn&#039;t been any side effects. I tried decreasing the dosage, and within 2 days I noticed a difference in my mood. I would definitely recommend this drug. This has made a difference in my mood, the way I think, and my overall perspective. This improved my motivation to get work done, since I wouldn&#039;t be just sitting around reminiscing in a negative thought loop. It gives me mental freedom and allows me to escape brain fog that has imprisoned my thoughts. Seriously, don&#039;t be afraid to try this drug"
"I started Victoza exactly 4 weeks ago. I have felt nauseous from time to time but generally feel worse if I eat more than I needed. I can easily feel very full eating 700-800 calories a day. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects except that I have way more energy than before which is wonderful for someone who has fibromyalgia and is always tired!!  The inches are melting away and I&#039;m so happy to have lost 11.5lbs, it&#039;s amazing!  After unexplained weight gain of 77lbs over the course of a year this is just what I needed. 1 month in and 1/6 of the weight I need to lose has already gone - if you haven&#039;t already, give it a go."
"This medication is absolutely life changing.  After years of suffering anxiety  OCD with mostly intrusive racing thoughts that caused insomnia this medication was a miracle!! I had tried so many failed medications and therapies that I became hopeless. I was prescribed this medication after being hospitalized and have never been back that was over 2 years ago. It took 4 weeks to work please give it time. I feel like I have my life back!"
"Amazing. I haven&rsquo;t been to the dentist in 22 years and was super anxious for a deep cleaning. Was prescribed triazolam and it was a miracle for me. Made me feel sleepy and I didn&rsquo;t have one care in the world what they did to my teeth. Afterwards came home and slept like a baby for an hour or so and woke up feeling totally normal. I was nervous to take the triazolam because I don&rsquo;t like drugs but it truly was very gentle and effective. No weird side effects at all. 10 stars!"
"I was on a different brand of Adalat CC 30 mg.  I am a Military Widow so fill most of my prescriptions at Military Base Pharmacies.  In Dec. 2011, I had my prescription filled and noted the pill was different in color &amp; size.  The Military Pharmacist told me the Government had changed to a different drug company for Adalat and it might take 3 or more weeks before the new drug formula would work for me.  Six weeks later, my blood pressure is not being controlled as well as my former Adalat prescription did.  I can&#039;t switch to another brand for 90 days because TriCare for Life will not let me fill a new prescription till I run out of the brand I received. I cannot afford to pay over a $110 at a civilian pharmacy to change to another brand."
"I love this implant! 18YO. The nurse completely numbed my arm and I didn&#039;t feel anything (I did have a knarley bruise tho.) 
Seems you either love it or hate it when discussing certain birth controls. I have only had one period in 16 month! Everyones bodys are soo different and react differentl but I am MUCH happier on this than Yaz. Good luck ladies on your birth control venture!"
"I started this 4 weeks ago. I was originally on Paxil but I was tired of its side effects. My doctor switched me to Wellbutrin after also trying Cipralex, Effexor and Zoloft.  It works great. I had almost no side effects when I started it (I did with every other medicine). It does increase anxiety for me though. Wellbutrin gives me more energy and makes me feel alive again. Because of the energy, I work out now which helps counter act the anxiety. It did not increase my sex drive BUT it made me normal. (Paxil made it so I wouldn&#039;t even let my husband touch me). I have lost the weight that Paxil made me gain and then some! I would recommend it to people for sure but if you have bad anxiety like I do, try being really active as well."
"I got my Mirena put in in 2008. Its been in ever since. When I first got it I spotted  for the first 6 months pretty heavily, but I expected that. Then the heavy turned light. About a year and a half later my period stopped completely. Once or twice a year since then I spotted for about a day, but it was hardly a big deal. So far so good. "
"I was prescribed this by my dr. for a colonoscopy and I&#039;d say it started working in about 30 minutes.  Unlike others, I had no problem drinking it as my dr. advised me to mix it with orange gatorade.  I mixed it early in the morning and refrigerated it until about 5 pm and was able to chug it down.  For me it was easy to drink because it was cold and the gatorade made it sweeter."
"Had nasty nose infection after having a cold and fever last year. I had to wait 14 days before it cleared the rash at tip of my nose which left a scar.  Today I got it again and fresh garlic stopped from spreading immediately.  No more creams for me.  I&#039;m truly amazed.  It seemed to stop spread fast, stop itch. Just plain fresh garlic applied to affected area."
"I love Differin. I seriously cannot live without it! My face is acne free for the first time ever! In the beginning yes you might not notice any changes but just keep using it day after day and after a few months you&#039;ll see the progress."
"I find Risperidone(2mg at night) very agreeable and experience no side effects at all. I hve been on many meds for Bipolar and experienced drowsiness and fogginess on most of them but with Risperidone its almost as if I am taking nothing at all. There might be some slight weight gain but I started gaining weight when I was previously on Chlorpromazine so I cant be sure. I am also on 500mg Lithium, half in the morning and half at night. Have been taking resperidone for the past 6 months and I hope it prevents relapse which I have been having almost every two years in the past."
"I have taken this drug for 22 years. I take 1 mg tablet 3 times a day. It has helped me greatly. I am taking it for anxiety and have had no problems with it."
"I have had panic disorder for 19 years. It started with &quot;status panicus&quot; (continual panic), which was treated by a year of imipramine. When that was tapered off, I switched to concentrated EPA Omega-3 oil, which has controlled the panic for 18 years. But, it sometimes breaks through, especially when I am building up antibodies to an infection. That is when Tofranil (lorazepam) comes to my rescue. A 0.5 mg dose will quell the aura/breakthrough symptoms. A similar dose at bedtime will get me the crucial night of sound sleep that I need to get the disorder back into its cage. Sometimes one good night is all I need to get back on track - a life saver."
"I have been sweating from 7th grade to 11th grade...and never once told anyone. It was horrible! Not even my family new I had the problem. Well I&#039;m so tired of hiding it and feeling insecure and skipping out on fun teenage things so I finally told my mom and she admitted to me that she also suffered from a sweating problem. She explained to me that she used Hypercare and so after going to the doctor I got some of this. I have used it for 4 days now, and each day I used it it worked better so I&#039;m very happy! I&#039;m hoping that it works in the future months so that I will be stress free about it when school starts! Thanks Hypercare."
"We moved to VA after 3 years on orders and my Anxiety came back. My anxiety was situational. I had a refill left on my Zoloft. I filled it but it didn&#039;t work like the first time. Everything felt constricted. Nothing seemed clear to me. I tried Venlafaxine after crying to my doctor and I have been extremely happy. I will say, just like the other reviews mentioned, if you miss a dose, it&#039;s horrible. The dizziness, anxiety, foggy thoughts are severe. I&#039;m on 75 mg and feel great."
"I found that this medication was very helpful for me. I have fibromyalgia over ten years now, as well as three bulging disk, two very bad knees, other medical problems. I have taken other muscle relaxer&#039;s that just didnt work for my pain. But Soma really helped me and helped me do a little more of the things I used to do. Even though I will never be able to do all the things I once did, Soma has helped me to do some of the things I once did, cause it helps me so much with my muscle spasms. I really thank my Dr. for recommending this muscle relaxer for me."
"My child was diagnosed with cluster migraines when he was only 3.5 yrs old.  This is very unusual.  We refused to put him on anti-seizure medicines, which the Dr. said has the side effect of helping migraines.  Instead we opted for Cyproheptadine and it has worked wonders and improved his quality of life by 100 fold.  Yes, have to watch that weight gain but otherwise it has been a miracle."
"I smoked for 16 years. After almost 3 weeks on Chantix I all of a sudden had no desire to smoke. I&#039;ve been cigarette free for 17 days and loving the way my hair smells "
"on day 14 of otezla. the usual occasional headaches that i have been plagued with for years are now daily and can be quite intense, which is resulting in lost sleep. the nausea is almost constant. i was hoping for some weight loss, none yet. no diarrhea, in fact, it seems to be the opposite at times.  my red spots on legs, arms, feet and hands have doubled.  it&#039;s the start of summer and i am so discouraged. i wear a long sleeve shirt and long pants every day.  i am constantly paranoid about my skin and i stand a certain way, so people won&#039;t see my ghastly looking feet. i don;t like anyone walking behind me. i&#039;m stubborn so i will stick with it for now and just live with a headache, nausea and lots of red spots."
"The way lamictal works faster or slow is due to your metabolism. I could go up doses very fast without having the rash but wow I suffered so much while going through this process. It does get worse before it gets better. Once you get to the therapeutic dose then things start to improve. Now; some of us have vivid dreams. Scary sometimes but you get used to them. Also it took me at least 5 months until I got its full benefit. And it may cause you insomnia, need some ambien for that. Ambien stopped working after 5 months. And so when I tried melatonin it worked pretty well. Melatonin didn&#039;t work in the first months on this Drug. Only worked after the 5 months and then after few 2 months I didn&#039;t need it anymore. I was sleeping well without it."
"Suffered undiagnosed since I was about 18.  I am 74 now and thanks
to this site and others, I diagnosed myself and got referral to a wonderful neurologist.  I got my first injection last week, and for the
first time since I was a kid, I feel like a kid again.  It&#039;s not perfect, but I
never knew perfect.  No more pain, and I can walk again and not think about my neck.  I wish I had this before I left my wonderful job on a handicapped pension. It gave me my life back."
"This medicine has been a miracle for me when I have cramps. It takes a while to work (40-45 mins) but once it does, I feel much better."
"I just used Relistor for the first time. I have chronic abdominal pain that provides the wonderful need for strong narcotics. They are terrible on my system and possibly from the constipation or maybe a result of the many many surgeries I have been through I have very painful bowel movements. Its like I can feel the stool winding through my bowels and it feels like sharp rocks! After the injection I had almost instant cramps and only a moderate amount of gas. I felt the &quot;winding rocks&quot; moving with a vengeance. That&#039;s why I&#039;m not giving this a 10 because of the cramps (which could possibly be issues with my system). Like another reviewer said..I had a massive movement 30mins later. NICE!"
"I&#039;m suffering from OCD and anxiety disorders for the last 22 years.
This pill is the only one who helps.
Only 0.5 mg and you immediately feel the difference."
"What a nightmare this has been for me. After 3 months of using rogaine, my desire to have sex has gradually dissappeared. It has been 2 months since I stopped it and nothing has changed. This side effect is not even listed as a possible reaction. And how long has this been on the market? I simply cannot believe that this poison has not been removed from the market or asexuality mentioned as a possible outcome of this. I have no idea when I will recover and if I will recover. I&#039;m seeing a dermatologist soon. I hope he doesn&#039;t simply tell me that this is all in my head or not related to rogaine because he will not like my reaction. I am terrified...I don&#039;t know what to do about this. I plan on contacting lawyer about this"
"I have been on Deplin for six days and I am amazed with the change in my emotions and feelings. I take 7.5mg of Deplin and 60 mg of Prozac and I am pleased with my increased defenses to deal with my daily life.  I feel like myself again for the first time in 10 yrs.  I hope Deplin will continue to provide me with the positive attitude that I am now feeling. I feel like a whole new person."
"I absolutely hate this pen. It jams up every time I use it. I have already voiced my complaint with my pharmacist and I will be asking to switch back to my previous lantus supplier."
"This is the first time I&#039;ve ever had a yeast infection, I&#039;m 21 and it&#039;s probably because my diabetes is out of wack. I inserted the cream at about 2 am and by 5 I was crying in the shower washing it off. EVERYTHING is swollen. My vagina is swollen shut, my vulva is so swollen if my legs aren&#039;t all the way spread they touch. I have broken my back before and I&#039;m 99% sure this pain is worse. I took a Vicodin an hour ago and it hasn&#039;t helped. I&#039;m NEVER using this product again!"
"I have been on paroxetine for over 4 years.  I feel great, I had a minor weight gain but that is inconsequential when compared to the positive effects.  I have let my daily doses lapse, and admit that there would be some powerful withdrawal if one was to quit cold turkey.  After speaking to my physician, she informed me that if and when we decided to cease my treatment it would be done under her supervision, and on a gradual lessening of the dose.  As with any medication I would never stop taking it until instructed to do so by my doctor.

This is by far the BEST medication that I have been on for the treatment of my depression.  Myself, and all those around noticed a big difference in my mood and personality."
"Diagnosed with hypothyroidism over ten years ago with body aches, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, etc.  On Armour all my symptoms went away except for weight gain despite heavy exercise and dieting.  I keep up my regimen but I&#039;m desperate to lose the weight.  I don&#039;t understand why the Armour has helped everything but the weight gain."
"I take Lyrica since 2007 and managed to lower the dosage to 100mg. It&#039;s what allows me to live a normal life. I associate the mood changes and somnolency to the amount of pain I feel more than to the drug it self. Fortunately I can get it cheaper then in the beginning. I hope the generic comes soon!"
"Wish I had read these reviews before wasting $86.
First application was at night next morning the redness was gone second night a little while after using had bright red cheeks gave it one more try my cheeks and nose were red and had pimples over nose face very hot and burning this took days to settle down.
Have gone back to using Rozex. Galderma must know this product causes more problems to us who suffer from rosacea.
They should have to refund money wasted on this product.
Don&#039;t touch this product bad news."
"This was easy to take after leaving the hospital.  Take it with food definitely.  I started out with 4 pills all at once and then gradually reduced them day by day as directed by my doctor.  I found I had increased energy and appetite.  Also, they cleared up my seborrheic dermatitis that I have been treating for several years now with topical solutions.  I would definitely use this steroid again."
"This works well for my TMJ, neck, shoulder pain. My TMJ can be horrible and radiates down my neck. I&#039;ve had all these things checked and MRI&#039;d including my neck and shoulder and either there is a nerve issue or my TMJ is the root cause to all of it. This medicine is great to keep the pain at bay with no side effects that I&#039;ve noticed."
"I have been taking Lunesta for two years.  It has been wonderful.  My wife appreciates the fact that I sleep all night now.  I can set my clock by it, consistently wake up at 7 hours, refreshed.  I have tried the 2MG and does not quite work.  3MG does the job for me. I have no problem waking up to answer the telephone or help with the kids, and then go right back to sleep.  Good stuff, but expensive.  My wife says it is worth it."
"I am diabetic 2 so I take bout ten diff meds for pain to joint pains back pain..then you get sick from all side effects..well I take amitriptyline for pain and does help me sleep at night better more then anything,,I have lost some weight but doesn&#039;t do a lot for pain for me..."
"I have fibromyalgia, scleroderma and polymyositus, all have to do with muscle pain and tendon pain. I must say, I went from shuffling in the morning, not being able to walk, to feeling little pain. It&#039;s been a month now. I am also on methadone, which, by itself, did not help. I do feel very fatigued, and out of sorts, but, I would rather be like this than the way I was in pain."
"I ate light two days prior to taking Suprep. The day of starting Suprep I drank coffee and gatoraide and had soup broth and green jello and drank water. I started at 600 PM and drank the suprep in two big gulps. There is no way to tell you how bad it taste but I have taken worst. I quickly drank one 16 ounce bottle of water. I felt nauseous and bloated after drinking the second 16 ounce bottle of water. I kept burping and spitting up thick salvia but I didn&#039;t vomit thank God!!! It took two hours before it start working for me. I did what someone earlier suggested and that was camp out in the bathroom until its over. I sat my laptop up and played Sims while sitting on the stool. My stomach rumbled but didn&#039;t really cramp that bad.lasted to 10:"
"I am currently in rehab I was addicted to benzos and prescribed methadone . And coming off these two h ve uncovered anxiety and depression.  I have suffered from anxiety many times before but I hadn&#039;t really had depression in years I really  think it was  drug induced . I started citalopram 10mg 3-4 weeks ago and it wasn&#039;t cutting it,  so started 5mg trintelix two days ago, so far so good,  I feel more alert, the only side affect is slight ringing in my head,vit&#039;s not really bothering me hoping it passes .   Take care.:)"
"I have taken Adderall XR for several years and found that long acting amphetamine was the best treatment for my ADHD. However, I frequently had issues remembering to take it in the mornings and would often forget to take my medicine. Adzenys XR-ODT is so convenient in the blister pack I remember to take it, and the orange flavor is great! It lasts all day andI don&#039;t get a bad crash at the end of the day like I used to with my Adderall XR. Also, got first month free and pay only $25 per month with co-pay card"
"I started taking this medication, and it has literally been a godsend. I was having anger issues, outbursts, anxiety, and ultimately depression. This drug killed all of it. I feel so much happier, stronger, and back go the person I was well over 10 years ago.

I had once where anger got the best of me, and I slapped my hand hard against the wall. But other than that, everything has been great. Don&#039;t let other reviews scare you from taking this drug. It affects everyone differently. If it&#039;s making you more anxious or depressed, it&#039;s most likely not the right drug for you.

Side effects I had were headache the first day, major fatigue the second day, and diarrhea. I&#039;ll probably experience a bit more as my body adjusts, but it&#039;s SO worth it."
"Elmiron has worked wonders for me! I was diagnosed with Interstitial Cystitis in January and it took a long time for the medicine to kick in. I didn&#039;t feel much relief until June, approximately 5mos, don&#039;t give up! I still have frequency but not even close to how it was, I had a lot of burning pain, my bladder seemed like it was on fire all the time, I felt fatigued, weak, depressed but thanks to Elmiron now on the road to recovery!"
"I have been diagnosed with uncontrollable seizure disorder. I am 29 and have no prior seizure problems. They began when I was 27 for reasons my physicians cannot explain. I have no warning or recollection of them when they occur. In fact when I do have them, people around me tell me I just had a seizure and I never believe them. I don&#039;t have a warning such as a strange smell, taste, or  feeling that a lot of people with seizure disorders experience. I was on Dilantin for 2 years and was still having seizures 3 to 4 times a month (which is a LOT). Recently (about 6 months ago) I was prescribed Lamictal (Lamotrigine) and have not had a seizure since. I recommend talking to your doctor about this medication. It really worked for me! Good luck."
"This birth control is horrible . I was only taking it for 3 weeks and my period came right back and it&#039;s heavier than it normally is . Like way heavier and usually my periods are light. I hate this birth control I hate it ! Not only that my cramps are way worse too . Preventing me to be able to get up for school or work . "
"I am a serious marathon runner. Started suffering from strange respiratory problems 3 weeks before Chicago marathon. Flew into town to run with a 102f fever. Doctor prescribed this. Within 48 hours things started improving. Now 6 days in on 10 day treatment and most symptoms gone. No side effects. Didn&#039;t run marathon, but this medicine seemed to break a nasty infection."
"Age 67, started Cialis 5mg daily 2 months ago for prostate issues (weak stream, getting up at night to pee) but didn&#039;t feel I needed it for erections.  Now able to pee across the length of the bathtub and sleeping through the night (if I don&#039;t have a beer with dinner).  Most surprising is how  well it works for my erections!"
"I was diagnosed with IBS after a long, painful battle with RLQ Abdominal pain. I was prescribed Linzess. Before I took Linzess, I could go to the bathroom every single day, multiple times if I needed to. First day of Linzess - cramps literally DOUBLED my original rating of an 8 on a 1-10 pain scale, 10 being worst pain in life. Was in complete agony until it wore off. Couldn&#039;t go to the bathroom at all. Second day of Linzess- cramps literally TRIPLED my pain. I&#039;ve been in bed crying because I can barely talk because I&#039;m in so much pain and yet, still no bowel motion. Not only is this medication making my pain much worse, it also caused me to become constipated because I wasn&#039;t constipated before. I will NOT be using this medication again."
"I started with the starter pack, and when I went from 10 mg to 20 mg, it was a train wreck. I actually couldn&#039;t function, my entire body was like hell no... massive fatigue, cramping in the stomach, fogginess, couldn&#039;t go to work. I feel like I had 30 beers. I hope this works out for you if you are trying it, but I&#039;m finished with this.gl"
"I have been on victoza for about a month and have lost 10lbs. No real problems don&#039;t eat much but I like it. Think about going up on it and see how that does."
"I had a bad accident in May 2007 and the doctors put me on roxicodone. My life started to fall apart if I didn&#039;t have my meds, couldn&#039;t function . Missed a lot of work. Outings with my kids, etc. In 2008 I decided to get help so got on methadone and since then being in treatment I have gained so much of my life back. I can function now. I go do things with my kids and I am able to have a normal life again. Like it used to be before my accident. If you ever have a situation like this you need to try this."
"So I see a lot of people complaining of nausea. This medicine will make you ill if you don&#039;t eat with it. That&#039;s why it states on the bottle take with food. This medication has its ups and downs but it has been effective for me in the past. Though some times it causes me a yeast infection (probiotics helps with that). The metallic taste is probably the worst part for me. This round though I&#039;m on day two, pill 3 and I feel like I woke up and the smell had gotten stronger. Anyone else ever experience that? That and cramps are the only symptoms I have, I just want the smell gone! I&#039;m wondering if it will get worse for a second before it gets better."
"Do not get this! I got these in 2008 after the birth of my daughter. From the beginning I had heavier periods and cramping so bad I couldn&#039;t get out of bed for at least a day. I got to where I was bleeding constantly for a month or two at a time. I ended up having it surgically removed in 2013 because it shifted and stuck through my uterine wall. I have been TTC since then. Now instead of always having a period, I will go  months without one and still have not been able to carry full term (2 miscarriages)."
"Every time I bite my cheeks -- which happens fairly often as I am a clumsy chewer -- the injury turns into a painful ulcer lasting a week. I would typically spend about half of my month with them. Aggressive rinsing with other forms of mouthwash could sometimes help a bit. 

Chlorhexidine gluconate is extremely effective at preventing and healing these ulcers. I can simply use one dose after an injury and never have a problem. If I ignore one long enough to form a small ulcer, two doses a day apart will immediately reverse its course toward healing. Now I never have to live with that mouth pain.

I have experienced no side effects."
"I am a 27 year old female. I was on oxy&#039;s, herion, pretty much everything. I was a garbage disposer. Then I went on Methadone. I was on Methadone for 7 years and had many relapses. When I got off methadone in January the withdrawals were horrible. I got on Suboxone, within 8 minutes I felt Normal! I am weaning off of them now. I am going slow until the point of 2mg every other day. I don&#039;t think the withdrawal will be bad. This is a GREAT drug. It can change your life."
"I was on Paxil for 13 years.  It helped my anxiety in the beginning but made me emotionless.  I almost never cried or got angry.  My sex drive was non-existent.  I had terrible withdrawal symptoms when I tried to get off of it.  If there is another option for you besides Paxil, look into it."
"I&#039;ve never had acne until I was 27, I thought it was from giving birth but even 6 months later I was still breaking out. I started Trinessa and took it for 4 years and never had a pimple unless I stopped taking it. I&#039;m now on a birth control implant and was taking Trinessa at the same because I was breaking out again. However I had to stop taking the Trinessa due to mood swings on two birth controls. I am going to have to take out my implant and get back on Trinessa, I get deep painful pimples that last weeks."
"I just started my second pack and i am pleased so far with the product. It seems like,based on all the other reviews, this bc is either going to be excellent for you or a nightmare. Luckily, i seem to responding well. I wont lie, the first week was terrible but i knew it would be since i was switching from gildess. The first day was ok, second day i was angry third day everything made me cry, i litterally cried all day long, next day i was tired, then i was pissed again and then my hormones finally calmed down. Ive noticed my acne and blackheads have cleared up significantly, my appetite is under control and my moods are more even. I am having a small amount of breakthrough bleeding which is to be expected on a new bc pill."
"I&#039;m a 32 y/o female who has suffered from chronic diarrhea related to anxiety for about 5 years. I have anywhere from 2 to 10 bouts of diarrhea a day. I was very excited to try Lomotil after reading so many positive reviews.

I have been taking 2 pills 4 times a days, as prescribed. This medicine did not work for me, and the side effects are awful. I am still having urgent bouts of diarrhea. Also, this medicine makes me feel so sleepy that I can barely hold my eyes open. I took my last dose about 18 hours ago, and still feel very groggy. The dry mouth is so bad that it wakes me up, even though I have been staying hydrated.

I am discontinuing this!"
"Previous experience with other medicines that were ineffective were Enbrel and Humira. I was on methotrexate for 5 years but was taken off as it caused an enlarged liver. I&#039;ve been on tocilizumab now for 7 months. Its fantastic! No stiffness and no flares! Took about 8 weeks to kick in fully. I&#039;ve suffered a few side effects including sores on my hands and feet, bleeding gums and upper respiratory tract infection. Side effects are subsiding now though and seem insignificant due to how good my rheumatoid arthritis has been since on tocilizumab. I feel fantastic!"
"Used it for 9 days straight.  It didn&#039;t even touch it.  Why doesn&#039;t anything ever work as advertised. :o/"
"The shrink prescribed Risperdal 3mg a day then had me come off it. I had withdraw symptoms of fear and panic attack so I overdose and took 20 pills of 3mg then started hallucinating then attempted suicide but arrested by police. They did a procedure in hospital while pass out."
"I have treatment resistant Major Depression and as a result, I&#039;ve taken so many drugs over the years that I can&#039;t list them all. I got kidney stones a while back and got tramadol to help me with the pain. It didn&#039;t help much for that, but it sure helped treat my depression. I talked with my primary care doctor about this and she&#039;s reluctant to prescribe it if it isn&#039;t for pain. As the result, I&#039;m going to find a new doctor... One who knows a bit more about psychiatry."
"I&#039;m kinda surprised at some of the negative reviews too. I&#039;ve had asthma all my life and this miracle drug put asthma in its place (not active). I get asthma from allergies and cardio exercises. Was given a sample by a doctor I used to work for because I kept using my ProAir every 30min throughout the day. After that sample of Symbicort, my life changed forever. I don&#039;t know what it is about this drug, but it only takes 2 puffs and BAM, my asthma isn&#039;t a problem until next year. 

Can&#039;t live without it. Its amazing stuff right here. I live by this drug (unfortunately) but fortunate that it gives me freedom from asthma for almost a full year. Problem free"
"After many (84) years of trying to combat constipation, I have finally discovered Miralax, and it has made my life so improved that I almost can&#039;t believe it."
"I took Depakote for bipolar and the very first night I had very vivid dreams which turned into nightmares and audio visual hallucinations.  It&#039;s been 3 days and my dreams are not back to normal yet.

I&#039;ve read the reviews and it seems to work for most people. I haven&#039;t gotten a good night&#039;s sleep.

My doctor put me back on Trileptal 300 mgs twice a day."
"I have had Mirena in for 1 year and 9 months. I have a positive experience so far. I got it put in place 2 months after having my son. When I first got it in, it did not really hurt. I kind of feel that I have had weight gain from it (after having my son, I lost 20-25 lbs right off the bat). I gained all the weight back, I had lost and plus 10 lbs more, despite exercising a lot and eating right. I&#039;ve also had a little discomfort with sex (only recently) I have also notice that when I should be bleeding, I only get cramping.  I only had about 2 months of regular periods. I really find this method of birth control great, except for the few side effects. I plan on getting the Mirena out in October, to see if the side effects go away."
"Had implanon since Jan 2015, inserted 5 days after giving birth at the recommendation of the hospital. Within 4 months I started losing my hair, I had long irregular periods that would last 4-8 weeks at a time and no amount of pills prescribed by my gynae would make it stop. My most recent period lasted almost two months and was thoroughly unpleasant dark coloured blood. My gynae also reported thinning of my uterus. I have gained about 10kg and counting, my breasts are enormous, and have experienced some issues with libido. I was on Yasmin before for seven years and had none of the above side effects. Having it removed asap and will go back to Yasmin."
"I was really afraid about the pain after reading the reviews but it was so easy! I took misoprostol the night before to soften my cervix which they said may cause cramps and had none. I went to get the IUD today and barely felt a pinch! I also took 800mg ibuprofen at bedtime and an hour before my appointment and I had a baby 12 weeks ago. Definitely recommend! Don&#039;t be scared off by the reviews, everyone is different!"
"Tried ambien  but it lost it effect around 10 months. Lunesta tasted like I sucked on a roll of pennies all night. Trazodone just wasn&#039;t really effective. I take 30mg of restoril about 20 mins before I need to be in bed. Otherwise I&#039;ve awaken in different parts of house. I also take a .75mg give or take .25mg of Xanax as a kicker. I would have problems staying asleep. Sometimes no more sleep that night sometimes the crappy toss n turn sleep till you get mad n get up. Then drag ass all day. Occasionally I still get one of those nights but they are once in a long while. It works for me and I recommend (but does not for a friend) If you&#039;ve tried the others give it a try it&#039;s cheap nothing to loose."
"I have not had any problems with Sprintec and I have been on it for 3 years. I used to have horrible cramps that would last days. Once I started Sprintec all that stopped immediately. My periods are normal and I feel so much better. About a month ago I stopped taking Sprintec and we are relying on other forms of birth control. I have not had any side-effects from stopping the pill. I have had a great experience with this pill and especially for the cost I would highly recommend it."
"I was getting frequent outbreaks and was very miserable. I felt I would never be normal again. Started this treatment and it improved my daily and intimate life by a milestone. Maybe get a little thing or two in a year and very possibly not. If so its quickly resolved with these meds..I reccomend it. Give yourself and love a chance. I am still very worthy and so are you. There is a huge and scary stigma about it but you are still normal and so am I. Its a small complication we have to deal with until God provides a cure. In the meantime take care of yourself and your partner. Be careful and safe. But don&#039;t underestimate your worth like I did. Try this treatment."
"After hurting my back, hips and developing sciatica from lifting people in hospitals/nursing homes/rehab/homecare, I was given Ultram for the excruciating pain.  It worked wonderfully without the dopiness associated with narcotics.  I had also suffered from depression since I was a child and had been through numerous meds that didn&#039;t work, or made my life even worse.  Tramadol is the only med that I have taken that has successfully treated both my chronic pain as well as my depression, allowing the sun to shine in my life."
"After suffering from various forms of an eating disorder throughout my life, I&#039;ve been battling binge eating for 4 years, which at times is out of control. I&#039;ve tried other medications for depression and anxiety, but this is the only drug...the absolute only med that&#039;s helped with the binge eating. I am not taking anything else at the time of start &amp; I&#039;m now beginning the second month with only Vyvanse. At first while taking the med, I had no desire to binge eat &amp; I would not have any urge to plan my day around the binging.This was unbelievable as I&#039;ve been consumed every single day with binge eating. I have to say this med is exactly what I need while I work on the other components of recovery &amp; therapy."
"I&#039;m brown skin and tri luma didn&#039;t work for me. As soon as I started to use tri luma I notice my dark spots was beginning to become darker, I was very upset with the result of my dark marks becoming darker after a week I discontinue to use. I think that this product is only for light skin people."
"I was very afraid to try methadone to detox from opiates at first but thank God I went ahead and did. I love waking up, taking a dose, and spending the rest of my day doing positive things. No more cravings for oxy&#039;s, spending every penny I had looking all day for yet another pill. I feel like there is hope now. If you are living the life of a pill addict, methadone may be for you to."
"I have been taking Effexor 300mg for 2 years, and it has saved my life. I didn&#039;t care if I died prior to taking it. I never get sleepy or tired, and I can concentrate much better than I used too. My depression is gone."
"I have had increasing migraines for several years now, usually triggered by stress or light.  Two years ago, I started amitriptyline.  I am now at 50mg once daily at night and have many fewer migraines.  I used to be drowsy in the morning. Now I take it about 2 hours before bedtime and am not drowsy in the morning.  I hope this helps someone."
"I took Plan B a 1 week after it happened, got my period the next month at the usual time. The wait was the worst part (hoping it worked) I was cramping most of the time, my boobs got really tender, and legs hurt.   Then come 5th of the month I got my period. Very thankful."
"I have frequent urinary tract infections and I&#039;ve taken this many times but hadn&#039;t in five or so years because my urinary tract infection became resistant to it. Now since I&#039;m taking it again its given me the jitters and acid reflux but those are still better that cystitis. "
"I&#039;m a 25 year old female who has had BMs every 7-9 days since I was 10 with no real answers.  I had tried everything, nothing worked.  I did not feel the sensation of &quot;needing to go&quot; despite the pain and discomfort in my abdomen and could only have a BM if I removed it myself with manual disimpaction.  This was, of course, disgusting and very inconvenient.  It eventually became normal for me and I had almost given up at ever finding treatment.

I started taking Linzess 290 mcg nearly two weeks ago.  Nothing happened for six days, and then I had a small, well-formed BM.  I never had any explosive diarrhea that many others experience with this medication.  My BMs are now every 1-2 days, small, and still sometimes have to be removed manually."
"Drink the full glass of water. Then this action is more natural than many others I have tried. Find the right amount for you and then it doesn&#039;t cause painful stomach or flatulence."
"I had a 4.8 mm stone that had been plaguing me for 3 weeks. I had been taking pain medicines off and on as needed and drinking plenty of water but I could tell (plenty of experience) that the stone was hung up just before entering the bladder in the narrowest part of the ureter.  I called the urologist to ask for a prescription for Flomax.  They were hesitant - didn&#039;t think I could pass it.  Long story short, they prescribed, I took it, stone passed less than 24 hours later.  Flomax   pain medicines   plenty of water = passing kidney stone quickly and inexpensively."
"I&#039;m 19 and this is my first time using birth control. I chose the Ortho Evra patch. I started the patch just over a month ago on the first day of my period. My period was extended and lasted 2 weeks straight then I had a lot of spotting. On the 4th week (off patch) I got my period, cramps and all, and by this point I thought the bleeding would never end! I was extremely emotional and cried almost every day and would constantly ask myself &quot;what is wrong with me.&quot; Now that over a month has passed, everything seems back to normal. Larger breasts is a definite pro! I don&#039;t feel the need to cry now, and everything is good. Enjoying the patch now!"
"Seasonique was the first birth control medication I tried. Of course I was attracted to the idea of 4 periods a year. During my second month of my second cycle of Seasonique, I had break through bleeding for over three weeks when I wasn&#039;t supposed to have any bleeding until the end of the third month. I also had moderate weight gain, intense cravings, moderate issues with acne, and hysterical crying episodes. I switched to a birth control where I get my period once a month and have had none of these issues."
"I started taking Venlafaxine a week ago. I already feel more at ease and comfortable in situations that used to make me panic already. My anxiety was making me feel breathless and even ended up at A&amp;E twice, thinking I couldn&#039;t breathe. My doctor was sure it was due to anxiety so put me on this medicine. The first couple of days I was very tired and dizzy but that soon passes. Anxiety is an awful thing but hopefully this is working for me. Best of luck."
"I am a 43 old women going on to menopause. I was never diagnosed with attention deficient. As a child I could multitask anything. When I reached menopause stage it seems as though I could not remember things in general. I would forget to finish several thing I was doing.  My stepson does have attention deficient so he has been on it for some time.  I asked my doctor about the situation of my attention span forgetting not finish task. So he suggested for me to try Adderall. To my surprise, I was able to concentrate, focus on my daily activity.  So I do recommend this to any women going through this crazy menopause.  It really helps you to be yourself again. Not feel like you are going crazy."
"I have been using this medication for roughly 3 weeks now.  I haven&#039;t lost taste yet but won&#039;t be surprised if I do.  I am experiencing terrible headaches (all day long), loss of appetite and I am not sleeping (which I have never had a problem with before). Just wondering if anyone else has had these same effects while taking this medication.  I am a 33 yr old female and I got an infected toenail while I was pregnant....10 yrs ago. I tried every over the counter medicine invented...only to waste my money.  So, I am going to stick it out. I will write back to let you know how it turned out.  Thanks!"
"My doctor put me on this medication for the pain in my feet. At first it seemed to be helping, but about a week after taking it I started experiencing side effects like my feet burning and being so sensitive, my husband went to touch my feet and I almost jumped out of my skin! When I go to the bathroom, I am in there for about 15 minutes, and the things happening in there are not good:(, I can&#039;t sleep at night because my feet are burning, and I have the same thought running through my head, and it won&#039;t stop. Now my stomach is bothering me (more), and I have a terrible taste in my mouth.I know I can&#039;t just stop taking this medication, and I have a call in to my doctor, but it is Sunday, so another day of these awful side effects:("
"I am 29 years old and today is the first day in 16 years that I was able to wear a light colored shirt ALL DAY while 90 degrees outside and not have one wet spot under my arms.  I honestly feel like a whole new woman.  My closet has consisted of nothing but black shirts for over 10 years.  I have always loved color and have never been able to wear any color. Even in the winter I would sweat all day even if it was freezing outside.  
I have now applied Hypercare for 3 nights and i have NO wetness..... its amazing."
"This medicine has really helped me. I can focus in school, get my work done in time, and it controls my temper. This medicine tastes very horrible, but regardless it does a good job and keeps me steady. It also helps me sleep alot better at night. But I have been gaining a couple of pounds."
"I had strep throat. I began a 10 day course of penicillin.  I began to experience all the major side effects including diarrhea, heart palpitations, low pulse, fatigue, and anxiety just to name a few. Needless to say the strep went away. But next time I get it I&#039;ll request another treatment."
"My doctor switched me to this. Horrible mood swings. Craving sweets all the time. And I&#039;ve had migraines that I&#039;ve never had before, while on this pill. "
"I have had nexplanon since 3/31/14 and it is a very effective birth control with little to many effects depending on the person. I have had some effects which are irregular menstrual cycles and weight gain which the doctor did say was very common. The first 3 months my period was 2 weeks long every month after that it went to 3 days a week for 2 more months. And from their I&#039;ve had light spotting a few days out of the month and now I have no period due to nexplanon. I have also gained 20lbs. Also nexplanon has cleared up all of my acne with in the first 6 months of having it. Keep in mind this birth control lasts three years and it all depends on the person and the effects that will occur. Despite the effects it is very effective and safe."
"I used it again after my second cataract surgery. I had no pain/burning/staining, but I used it REGULARLY as directed. ALWAYS wash hands thoroughly before each administration. Just hard to imagine eye surgery without this medication."
"This product makes the cold sore worse. It made my one pimple sized cold sores itch and 2 more popped in the area. I have given it a chance in the past (3 more times) but now am convinced that it doesn&#039;t work. ITS THE MOST ADVERTISED ON TV but its JUST A SCAM. Please save your money and try something like tree tea oil to make the blister small and dry."
"I would not be discouraged from Paragard by the negative posts you find when you google it. I think if you have a positive, casual experience with IUD insertion and use, you are less inclined to write a review so consensus online is skewed. My experience was 5 minutes, discomfort for a couple of those minutes, and then it was over with. I was excited and relieved! Take 800 mg ibuprofen, wear comfy clothes. I realize all women are different, but I felt no pain the first day. A bit of cramping the next two days. "
"Oh my god I wish they could take this off the market! I&#039;m 3 weeks in on Trinessa after being on Trisprintec for 5 years (ran out of refills and was put on Trinessa before Doctor could get me in) I have expirenced terrible anxiety and thoughts of depression. I have never felt this way in my life.... Im so happy but it is astonishing one moment I start to feel down and sad... FOR NO REASON. Also my acne has gotten worse. 1 more week and I&#039;m back to Trisprintec, thank god !!!!!!"
"Had surgery in 01, then I re herniated my lumbar discs.  I use a tens unit, pain patch, and lots of aspirins.  My doctor prescribed Ultram 50 mg 2x a day or as needed. Haven&#039;t taken it everyday because I get sluggish at work. Works great for the pain, but makes me VERY tired. Also, I wake up in the middle of the night and can&#039;t get back to sleep."
"I used Monistat 1-day treatment overnight. I had a small yeast infection, some itching and burning probably due to putting too much coconut oil in my bath, haha. It worked great for me. Before you take the monistat, take a test to make sure its not a batcterial infection because then the medication won&#039;t work. My symptoms went away within 2 days. I would reccomend this especially if you have minimal to moderate symptoms."
"I have EDS and found Nuvigil (250 mg) very effective for remaining awake for the first couple of weeks then my alertness diminished.  I did find that while taking Nuvigil if I took a 20 minute nap in the afternoon, I awoke feeling refreshhed, not groggy and needing more sleep.  The major side effect I experience is nearly severe jaw clenching/teeth grinding during the day when I was awake.  My jaw is sore by 2 or 3 pm every day.  Also, I found it difficult to sleep at night if I took it too late in the morning. I tried getting up at 5 am and taking my dose then sleeping for another hour.  This helped me get to bed earlier at night.  I noticed that I felt more anxious also."
"As Percocet was not helping my back pain anymore my Doctor switched me to Demerol 100mg. Now my back pain is once again under control and I am only taking two pills a day instead of 6-8 Percocets. I have had no negative side effects as of yet. This is by far the most relief I&#039;ve had in years. I&#039;ve been on Vicodin, Percocet, MS Contin, naproxen, Norco 10mg and I&#039;ve never had total relief until now. "
"I have a very sensitive stomach, most antibiotics get me extremely sick. Biaxin is the only one I can take that doesn&#039;t completely destroy my stomach. The only side effect I get from this is a bad bitter taste in my mouth (usually about a half hour or so after taking it) and its obviously worse at night &amp; in the morning. However, I rather have that taste then have the runs, nausea or vomiting. I also take probiotics with this - the best ones I can recommend are the &quot;Integrative Probiotic Pearls&quot; yeah they are a little pricey but they work well when taking antibiotics. (I got at pharmacy, and my pharmacist recommended these specific ones). *BEST ADVICE* Chew a lot of gum/mints in between dosages, you&#039;ll get used to the taste after a few days"
"Our family doc prescribed this for my husband. He had tried to detox before with Klonopin and that just made him out of it... almost as if he was still drinking...couldn&#039;t drive, work, help with the kids, etc. He tried going cold turkey &amp; that made him run back to the drink when the shakes and pain came back, but with Librium he was able to still function and go to work.
He is now taking this along with Campral. If you can afford it the two work well together. (I think it is unfortunate that many doctors are not familiar with Campral &amp; it is very expensive without insurance). Great for &quot;at home&quot; detox when you can&#039;t go to the hospital."
"I have just been on Microgenstin Fe 1/20 for a month now. No period yet, which made me nervous until reading some these reviews. I was on Microgestin Fe 1.5/30 and wanted something with less estrogen. I have lost five pounds, no mood swings and I&#039;m loving it. Only thing is night sweats and more emotional at times."
"An absolute 10! I use to have the most awkward, painful and random pain when urinating. I could never commit to anything because I never knew if it would happen. Finally I noticed really really hot water helps and alleviates the pain so I actually carried a little campers thing with me. About a year ago, well 2 years ago, I met with this Urologist, probably the 12th for that year. He told me about Elmiron. It is expensive, but if you take it everyday I haven&#039;t had the problem since."
"Extreme weight gain that I can&#039;t shake off. Stretch marks. Acne, heavy periods (10-13 days), spotting. Depression and mood swings. Would not recommend"
"Was in College when I treated. At high doses (approximately 225mg), I was lethargic, cloudy headed and angry. Drug caused SSRI-induced sexual dysfunction. It aggravated stress levels. But for my mom, this medication has given her life back to her, &quot;curing&quot; depression, lowering anxiety, and inspiring creativity."
"I&#039;ve had chronic pain due to a Whipple Procedure/Surgery. I had basically half of my digestive system removed. 60% of stomach &amp; Pancreas. Removed Gall bladder. 5 other surgeries done since 1996. Removed around 11-12 feet small intestine all together. 2 feet large intestine. Serious chronic pain. I&#039;ve been in the very best pain clinics in Boston, Ma. Lucky that I was there or I wouldn&#039;t have survived. This medication is in my opinion the very best if taken correctly. Take at the same time. It works well long term. I would love for someone to read this and take the plunge. Instead of me having to suffer around 12 years. My quality of life is an experience that I was convinced I would never have. You must have the correct Doctor. You WILL B Happy"
"I&#039;ve been on the beviq for almost 4 months. Since day one I have not been hungry I was 265 now I&#039;m 230lbs I&#039;m so excited I don&#039;t excercise much it helps me a lot. "
"One morning I woke up with a tiny unnoticeable cold sore so I decided to get abreva and so I cleaned the area of the sore an put it on with clean hands an went to bed. I woke up this morning with a huge cold sore that is now spreading bad . Never use it again"
"Absolutely changed my life. I got progressively worse until I would become so stiff after sitting for fifteen minutes, I would need help in standing. While nobody who sees me walking would mistake me for an Olympic athlete, I can move about freely and almost without pain. The best thing it gave me was uninterrupted sleep. Until I started taking this med, I could not sleep for more than a few hours without getting up with tears in my eyes from the pain, and walking around while chewing aspirin."
"After a month of continuous surgery, I shifted to oxycodone 30mg every four hours. It sedated me to the point of uselessness. My MD put me on equivalence of Fentanyl patches, and bam, no sedation, no euphoria, few side effects like nausea and mild insomnia. Very tolerable. Best part was great pain control without the baggage. I had to severely reduce klonopin during all this due to interactions but still find that half the previous dose of klonopin is still effective. Only real negative I&#039;ve noted is interdose withdrawal symptoms prior to changing the patch. Always on the third day, so I&#039;m going through patches a bit faster, tho still close to 72 hours. Maybe I&#039;m just a fast metabolizer?"
"Switched from Cartia to Lisinopril, and I feel 100 times better and it has only been a week! No more headaches and other fun things like mood swings, etc. So far so good!!!!"
"Horrible product!!! Flesh eating in a tube!!! Thanks a lot for making a mild problem MAJOR!!! I can&#039;t even start to explain what this did to my face! Here take my money and ruin my self-esteem!!!!!!"
"Cataflam is the best OTC for period pain. I can function properly now. I use to take 2 panadol tablets which are pretty useless. I end up feeling nausea and tired. Do take this at the first sign of period for best results. It will be too late to take it when the pain starts."
"I bled for 5 months. After that my cycle was very light...panty liner light. In the past my cycle was super heavy. I have mood swings. I am depressed and my sex drive is gone. I don&#039;t have a sex drive..its almost irritating when my husband is trying to hard. Oh and I have gained so much weight. "
"After 4 weeks of antibiotics and prednisone, I developed the dreaded YI.  Got the Monistate 3 to hopefully resolve the issue by Monday morning.  After inserting the cream, I feel like someone has taken a steak knife to my insides and dumped a bottle of hotdam inside to rinse it out. Sure I was going to pass out, I reached for my phone to find others with similar expierances.  This is more effective than the Sunday sermon. Repenting of my sins now, I&#039;ve taken pills and hope to pass out soon."
"I have been taking Suboxone 8mg/2mg films for approximately 3 years now and don&#039;t know what I would do without it! I&#039;m prescribed 1/day.Some days I take 1/4 in the morning, 1/4 in the afternoon &amp; 1/2 in the evening. Some days I only take a 1/2 at lunch time. Some days I take a whole one, everyday seems different depending on how I feel."
"I am on Prozac, Wellbutrin, and Topamax for severe depression. I was still having depressive episodes and was placed on 2mg of Abilify. I instantly felt like a new person - what a relief! The &quot;honeymoon&quot; period wore off fairly quickly and I had to find my correct therapeutic dose at 20mg daily. With this combination of medicines I have been depression free for about a year! For me this is very unusual and I highly recommend Abilify. I have had no side effects."
"I have tried this pill for a month now. My symptoms include headaches, blurry vision, sleeplessness and spotting for the entire month! Definitely going to try something else to keep the cysts under control, probably Depo shot. I was on the shot for a few years a while ago and had no symptoms with no periods at all, can do without those!"
"I started having migraines after the birth of my second child.  At first I was able to tolerate them, then I started treated them with Extra Strength Tylenol then Excedrin PM.  They progressively got worst.  This was the 4th medication my primary doctor prescribed and they really helped but my neurologist said 70% of patients suffer rebound headaches from it.  He said to use it occasionally (3-6 times/year).  Now I&#039;m on preventive medication (daily dosages) with this as a back-up when a severe migraine hits."
"I bought this yesterday afternoon thinking it would be a quick and easy fix to a mild YI. I inserted the treament at around 10 pm feeling a very light burn...... it is now 2 am and my vagina feels like is on FIRE!!!!! of course I freaked out and started reading reviews and it seems to be a normal reaction. The pain is unbearable !!! I can&#039;t sleep from the pain and itching!! I have a high pain tolerance but this feels like acid was poured all up in my lady parts!!  and there is a fire breathing dragon inside me! This sucks!"
"I guess it could have happened on any pill but I got pregnant using this product. My employer switched insurance providers and the forced me to switch my pills 6 months later I am almost 3 months pregnant.  I guess it is a chance you take but I can&#039;t help but feel this pill is less effective, since I have been on the pill for over 8 years."
"Hello all! I never do these things but I wanted to share my experience with everyone. In 2013 I was diagnosed with plaque psoriasis :/ ointments helped at first but eventually my condition became worse. My self confidence was at an all time low, I couldn&#039;t go outside without feeling embarrassed. My doctor recommended Humira.  I have been on Humira for about 5 months now. I saw results in the first week. I was almost completely clear, I couldn&#039;t believe it. As time went on, my condition started improving day by day. Today IM COMPLETEY CLEAR!!!!!!!!!! I can&#039;t express my gratitude towards this medication enough. I haven&#039;t had any side effects in the five months I&#039;ve been on it (knock on wood). I feel great and look great once again! DO IT!"
"I have been taking this medication for about a year.  I started off with 0.5 mg.  I was still having some evening anxiety so I asked to be moved to 1 mg dosage.  I still had occasional anxiety in the evenings, so I asked to be moved to 1-2 mg dosage.  I find that moving up to a 2 mg dosage causes me some drowsy issues and I am currently tweaking it to where I need it. My anxiety is like nothing I have ever seen or heard anyone experience.  I know there are other people out there that have the same issues.  I think it helps stabilize my highs and lows.  I am more a bipolar type 2 person, which means my depressions are slight and my hypo-mania is somewhat great because I feel I can take on the world."
"Been on this for about six months or so 10mg works great but I&#039;m constantly plagued with nasuea everyday. Some days I dread taking it but understand its my mental well being. Some days I&#039;ll take a day off and unlike other meds like effexor there are no withdrawal symptoms which is great if you happen to go away for a weekend and forget your meds. All in all I would recommend this to anyone who doesn&#039;t have stomach issues cause the nausea can be crippling. Works faster then other meds as well"
"I was prescribed Levaquin for acute sinusitis and I had a horrible experience after only the first dose.  My arms, hands and ankles were tingling and my knees hurt.  I got extremely cold and was shaking uncontrollably.  It was then I read the 10 page &#039;black label warnings&#039; that the pharmacist gave me.  This drug will do severe damage to your tendons and after only one dose, I was feeling the effects.  My joints kepts popping non-stop with everything I did - walk, type, etc.  My joints ached as well.  My DR immediately switched me to another drug.  The literature claims people can blow out their tendons rather easily, even months after taking the medicine.  Not worth the risk of future joint damage when there are other drugs out there."
"HERE IS THE TRICKS; it tastes so bad,
1) add large ice cubes
make it very cold and you won&#039;t taste as much
2) my second dose I took straight up pretty much with just a touch of white grape juice and chased it with green tea, or let the green teas just swish in my mouth to get rid of taste
those tips will help; 
other than that it works and you can! you can! get through 2nd dose with these tips."
"Aloha!  I am a 41 year old female. I started taking Belviq less than a week ago and I am down 4 pounds already!  It would have taken me a month to lose this before.  Very minimal side effects that passed after day 2.  If you are considering this, give it a try!  It is a miracle!"
"After 1 week of taking Zoloft, I became depressed and had uncontrollable suicidal ideation. Never experienced anything like it. Went to ER 3 times in 2 days to protect myself. I couldn&#039;t shake the horrible urge until about 3-4 days off the medicine. I told my psych on the 4th day and she said that sometimes happens to people under 25?"
"I started taking Cyclafem on day 1 of my cycle about a month ago. Almost a whole month later, I&rsquo;m still bleeding. I gained 7 pounds, and my boobs got bigger, which I expected, but I&rsquo;ve been bleeding for over 20 days, I had a migraine experience that led me throw up breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and waves of cramps that would come and go. My doctor switched me to Loestrin 24 and have me meds to stop the bleeding. We&rsquo;ll see how well this goes."
"Remicade has been a miracle for me. Last year this time I was totally desperate and thinking of get rid of my colon due to severe UC. Now, I am totally healthy and no sign of UC!!! If u r suffering from UC, give it a try without any doubt. Thanks to science and researchers. Of course, it takes couple of months to feel the full effect of it, but as soon as I got the first infusion I felt its positive effect. Its combination with Azathioprine works much better."
"I am 31 &amp; was diagnosed at 30 with PCOS &amp; until recently I haven&#039;t had many issues with it my periods were always irregular so when I got them it would be painful well. On 09/08/15 I lost a pregnancy at 10 1/2 weeks I have been seeing the same Ob since I was 16 she had finally had enough knowing I badly wanted a baby. Well since this loss to date 11/12/15 I have had a total of 12 days with no bleeding so pretty much 3 months severe heavy bleeding with clots I went from having perfect iron levels to them being so low I&#039;m on the verge of a blood transfusion. This week I&#039;ve my on upped my iron from 325 to 650mg a day and I am taking 10mg of Provera every 8 hours this is day two and I&#039;m happy to say I&#039;m already seeing results I hope it stays this "
"So thankful my sleep doc suggested Requip. It has worked amazingly well! I am so relieved.  Just the thought of having to go without it is horrifying.  I was in the top 5% with symptoms. It does not last a full 8 hours for me.  I also take Ambien right at bedtime.  I now sleep 5.5 to 6.5 hours a night.  Longest time in my whole life! I am 58. I drive a lot for work.  In the evenings, I have to stop and get out to walk for a couple minutes.  Sometimes more than once.  Small price to pay.  No nausea.  Just a couple nights with weird symptoms.  "
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft 50mg for over two years. I am a more relaxed and easy-going person because of Zoloft.  Prior to starting the medicine, I was anxious all the time, worried constantly about everything, and suffered periods of depression and hopelessness.  Now I am a better wife, friend, and person in general."
"This is a miracle drug!!!!! So many times zofran came in for the save. 
Saved my spouse, I and our 7 and 5 year old a trip to ER when the norovirus hit us. Took it after terrible dry heaves and within 20 minutes I was able to sleep. 
This medicine also helped after my csection when I was nauseous. 
When my son had hand foot and mouth and was uncontrollably vomiting the dr gave him this medicine too, within an hour he was eating fine! 
This was also great for my IBS symptoms when they hit hard.

10/10 !!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Clonazepam (.5 mg) for almost 6 months now.  I already take Wellbutrin for depression but my anxiety levels were still a little high.  I told my doctor and he prescribed the Clonazepam and told me to &quot;take as needed&quot;. Well &quot;as needed&quot; for me is usually 2 nights a week, depending.  If I am feeling anxious, I&#039;ll pop one. It has helped my anxiety greatly.  It takes the edge off and brings my level of anxiety down to a manageable level.  In addition, it helps me get to sleep quicker and helps me stay asleep.  From what I have read about the drug, it can interfere with REM sleep but I wake up feeling fine.  My only side effects are that I sleep too long and wake up feeling groggy/drugged but that&#039;s about it."
"Have been taking for 2 months. Went to the Drs. This week have lost 16 lbs. very happy with the results. I have no side effects and it just helps you eat less. I started them when I broke my leg and was totally sedentary so it was a life saver. Still taking trying to loose 15 more lbs.  I have tried other diet pills in the past and had to many reactions. I had lost 30lbs at weight watchers took two years then I quit smoking and gained most of it back. I am very happy not to have it take that long again. They are very expensive but they offer a discount on line 75.00 out of pocket. That&#039;s less than weight watchers and the gym a month. Worth trying"
"This is the first birth control method I have ever used. I&#039;m 18.  I have been on it for a little over 7 months. I absolutely love it. Let me just start with the pros: breasts got more firm. My skin actually became more clean. (I&#039;ve always had clear skin) but this helped even more. The only negative side effects I would say is that you sometimes may experience mood swings. I have  a short temper so that could also be my fault. This pill does NOT make you gain weight.  It only makes you hungrier than usual. I highly recommend this pill for all women. I love it!"
"I am currently on a number of medications (Effexor, Lexapro, Klonopin, Clomipramine) for my obsessive compulsive disorder and my psychiatrist recently added Abilify.  I feel like a cloud has been lifted.  While I still have OCD thoughts, they no longer &quot;stick&quot; in my brain.  They just seem to easily flow in and out.  I feel like it is my miracle pill.

I feel like this , at 2 mg, has given me the ability to prevent my OCD from controlling me."
"I took Nitrofurantoin for 7 days and while it cleared the UTI I have never felt so ill on it.  This was two and a half weeks ago and I suspect the side effects are still around but not as severe. Headaches, flu like feeling and ringing in my ears and chest congestion.  I don&#039;t feel back to normal.  Does anyone know how long it will take to get back to normal? I&#039;m in the UK."
"Mobic - the miracle pill. I have had chronic pain in my right knee for the last 6 months or so, it was getting worse by the day. I have now been taking Mobic 15mg for two days and I have no pain at all. I have read that there can be some nasty side effects, but at the moment I really don&#039;t care. I can walk pain free again."
"I was a happy but chaotic woman with ADHD. I am looking for a substitute for Ritalin because although it worked miracles for my lack of attention an organizing skills it eventually wore me out. My new neurologist suggested Strattera (80 mg/day ). At first it made me very tired. After a few weeks Strattera changed me into an emotional wreck. Crying every minute for no reason. I&#039;m still in hospital. I&#039;m so tired of trying something new and hoping it will make the fog in my head disappear. But we&#039;re back to square one. No more Strattera fore me..."
"I&#039;ve been using it for 4 years. Never had a problem. I never had side effects until I got off it for a couple months and then went back on. I got some nausea and vomiting, but I&#039;ve always had a sensitive stomach so it had to do with a combination of things. All in all, it&#039;s the best. I switch from butt cheek to butt cheek each week. It&#039;s less likely to fall off if your sitting on it."
"I took Plan B about 5-6 hours after the incident. My p tracker app showed I was fertile and one day before ovulation. The pill worked as it should have. I felt the side effects within hours of taking the pill - nausea, breast tenderness, headache, cramping, had to go to the bathroom all the time. Panicked for two weeks reading horror stories about it not working. But it did its job. Got my period one day early. Seems slightly heavier than normal."
"Been on this for 4 months. First month I had a little neausea and I got my period twice in the first 3 weeks each time lasting about 4 days. After that it went straight to a normal cycle. I went from soaking through 4-5 pads a day on my heaviest days to just some brown discharge. No weight gain but I&#039;m having a little harder time taking weight off (maybe in mh head?) Sex drive is down a little, but its a small price to pay to not act like a crazy woman! Even my husband says he can&#039;t believe the difference in my moods. (In a good way!) My face cleared up, and minimal period! Working wonders for me!"
"I have been taking phentermine for a 2 weeks and have lost 12 pounds. From 213 to 201. It has significantly decreased my appetite. In terms of energy boost, I experienced it for the first few days and it has since worn off. I am overall happy with my progress so far.. 

"
"I&#039;ve been on Enbrel since May 2012 for Rheumatoid Arthritis and took it varying from every week to as long as 7 weeks at a time. In March 2016, after trying to lean off enbrel, I started having issues with my lower back SI joint and behind my shoulder. I took Enbrel and it got better. I was officially diagnosed with mild to moderate Ankylosing Spondylitis in June by my rheumatologist. I went back to Enbrel every other week and I feel great. Just like the arthritis, my AS went away. I am only 22 years old but Enbrel has kicked two physical diseases and I&#039;m so happy. Try Enbrel!!!"
"I was so terrified about the insertion but ladies please don&#039;t be ! Its not bad at all , I had skyla installed yesterday and so far its been a breeze. I feel as if I&#039;m on my normal period. I did take 800mg of ibuprofen (advil) beforehand and that made it easier also I took tylenol in four hour increments afterward. Now I just feel almost normal. I will update if anything changes !"
"I was scared to start regimen about all the horror stories of HIV medication side effects. I have been on Complera for two weeks and have NO side effects. I was experiencing oral problems before that was due to HIV infection. I can&#039;t wait to get my labs back after starting regimen. I feel so much better."
"I am being court ordered to take this prescribed medication. I don&#039;t like taking any drug. The side effects I have are lethargy, diziness, my tongue doesn&#039;t work at times, I have knots in my stomach, headache, I sleep for more than half the day, lower back pain and leg pain and cramping. I am prescribed 25mg but I break the pill in half so I am only taking half per day. I am less angry maybe because I have no desire to do anything. I have been taking the drug for five months now. I just want to be drug free. I don&#039;t think I will check this site again but I would like some responses."
"First sinus infection at 59 yrs old. My doc is on vacation so &quot;nurse practitioner&quot; prescribes cefdinir, took for 5 days, stopped because side effects,cramping,diarrhea. Was given a script of amoxicillin which knocked out the sinus problem. The cefdinir effects went away a few days after I quit them, but  as the warning says came back 8 weeks later with a vengeance. Has been 3 months now, my PCP referred me to Gastro but when I told them I had went to ER and had blood work and test for C-Diff 4 days before she called, I was told they could do a colonoscopy but if I had an inflamed colon there was nothing they could do but make it worse, if not inflamed they could prescribe a couple meds. Neg for c-diff, taken 3 bottles of probiotics, lost?"
"Just 2 days after my 1st injection the bleeding, fever, vomiting stopped. With time the diarrhea settled down to 1 to 3 times a day, all the mucus and excessive gas stopped. Six months after starting my colonoscopy show  the ulcers and inflammation  had cleared and healed completely in the entire large colon down  and there was  just chronic inflammation in rectum."
"I have been on the shot for 6 months now (and am due for my 3rd shot in 2 weeks) and I have yet to get my period! I have had no spotting throughout the 6 months. I do, however, still have the symptoms that I would have if I were to get my period at the time that I would get my period, but they&#039;re not as bad as without the shot. Cramps are minimal. The only downside is I am a huge hypochondriac and since some of the side effects are also early pregnancy symptoms, I am constantly thinking I&#039;m pregnant (even though the chances are 3 in 1000). I would highly recommend this method!"
"I have used Claritin-D 24 for 5 years.  I used to get sinusitis all the time.  It was so bad, I usually missed 2-3 weeks of work per year.  I was tested for allergies, but was allergic to nothing they tested for.  I used to take it only seasonally, but as soon as I stopped, I would get sick again.  Now I take it everyday and am very nervous if the pharmacy runs out.  I do experience a few side effects, but have learned to manage them.  For instance, I do not take it if I can&#039;t take it before 10 a.m. otherwise it causes insomnia.  I also have dry-mouth, but have increased my water intake to 8 glasses per day (good for me).  I have experienced joint pain in the last few years, but determined it was due to plantar&#039;s facitis.  It&#039;s changed my life."
"I&#039;m pretty prone to yeast infections and while I was out of town for the holidays I wasn&#039;t able to see my regular doctor to get the usual remedy. I was advised to use this product and let me tell you NEVER will I use this again. My crotch is on fire and I feel like bursting into tears. I wish I would have read the reviews BEFORE using this product! My YI wasn&#039;t severe at all before I inserted the monistat 1, now I feel like I should lay in bed for the next four days. I&#039;ve had it in for two hours now and I absolutely hate the feeling. I&#039;m regretting using it and think it might ruin my vacation!"
"I took victoza for well over a year, and it improved my blood sugar readings tremendously.  My A1C had been as high as 9, and it got down to 6.9 with victoza.  However, I was sick SO MUCH! Constant diarrhea, burping (the nasty, boiled egg kind), and extreme nausea and vomiting.  I finally started tracking my sick days, and  in one month I was sick 4 days.  And by sick, I mean throwing up every few minutes, all day long. I had several tests done, and the only thing discovered was that I digest food slower than normal, which is what victoza is designed to do, I decided it was probably the victoza making me so sick.  I stopped taking it completely, and have not been sick for over month. Blood sugars are not good now, so waiting to see my Dr."
"On March 20 the condom slipped off and we didnt notice so I got her the pill 7 hours after the accident and the days passed by and I was freaking out because I&#039;m still young and would ruin my future. April 2 her period came on.. and we are so relieved!! It says it dont work for overweight people but it did for her, 200  lbs. Just stay relax."
"Having been 9 months old when I was first diagnosed with Hereditary Angioedema, I am still one of the youngest cases on file.  For the past 40 years I have suffered with moderate to severe swelling attacks almost weekly.  At times life was almost unlivable, and the pain was often excruciating.  Cinryze has changed all that.  There are no more trips to the emergency room, no more narcotics, or steroids that ultimately did nothing to stop the pain, nausea, and vomiting.  I have a full life for the first time and I am grateful beyond words.  Additionally, my 11 year old daughter, who also has Hereditary Angioedema, will not have to suffer the same way I did.  

In short, Cinryze has changed my life for the better."
"I started Celexa after trying many other meds for Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  I can&#039;t begin to say how much I love it.  It&#039; truly has given me a life I never knew.  I feel so much better and things now roll off instead of driving me insane!  Best decision I ever made.  Really need to give it a good two months.  That&#039;s when I really noticed the change."
"From 10 gut surgeries, never had such serious &quot;output&quot;. Opium Tincture &quot;Deodorized&quot; (WARNING: IT&#039;S NOT PARAGORIC!!) is a critical part of medicinal therapies keeping me from life threatening dehydration. I expect to heal eventually, but for now, the Opium Tincture is a blessing. It is the MOST AWFUL tasting medicine ever! When I extract the Opium Tincture liquid with the tiny syringe made for this medicine, I ALWAYS slowly squirt the tiny amount into a small glass of Orange Juice which is the ONLY thing that effectively neutralizes that nasty taste. After stirring and drinking the mixture, I then swish a tiny bit of water in the glass and drink it so I&#039;m sure to get all the med if it clings to the glass plus cleans the glass for next use."
"Remember the tune from childhood? Stranded, stranded, stranded on the toilet bowl! What do you do when you&#039;re stranded, and got no paper roll?
EFFECTIVE! 
Humour aside, food poisoning is way worse. Make sure you have TP (giggle), a couple of magazines, and fanny wipes."
"May have caused uterine hyperstimulation.  Even after removal, contractions continued to come 1 minute apart at 1 cm dilation.  Ended with cesarean. Mother required 2 years of physical therapy for complete loss of abdominal control and severe pain during bowel movements."
"I posted when I first got skyla (almost 6 months ago April 27,2017) and wanted to share my experience. I spotted for a little over 3 months which wasn&#039;t fun since it was summer. Usually wore just a panty liner. My periods definitely are a lot longer close to 10-11 days but lighter than they used to be. My bf can feel the strings in certain positions but says it just feels like scratching. (He can suck it up since I&#039;m the one who has it inside them). Other than that I&#039;ve had a positive experience. I&#039;ve been on the pill twice and gained significant weight both times. Haven&#039;t gained weight or had acne appear since getting skyla."
"I was on Lantus Solostar and Metformin twice daily max dosage.  Sugar counts were still 300 and 200.  I was so frustrated because the insulin and supplies are extremely expensive with my HSA plan.  Basically, my problem did not improve and I was broke.  I ran out of insulin and did not have the money to refill.  My dr&#039;s apt was three weeks later.  I explained my low funds situation and promised to fill the Rx as soon as I received my next pay check.  She said &quot;Let&#039;s try a cheaper option for you&quot;.  I said &quot;Woo hoo! Let&#039;s!&quot;.  She prescribed Glimeperide.  I took a half pill for days 1 and 2.  No change.  I took the entire pill days 3 &amp; 4...better...but not much.  I take two pills daily now, and I see IMPROVEMENT! WOO HOO!"
"I have been on Harvoni for over 4 weeks now.  I have had my labs and am waiting on the results to determine if my HCV and viral load are detectable.   I feel fine on the medication.  A little fatigue and my appetite has decreased, but it is hard to determine if the Harvoni has caused it.  I guess I have had the Hep-c for under 2 years, because I was negative 3 years ago.  I am so happy that we have a cure.  I am wondering if my fiance has the virus, because we were not careful about our needle use at times (addiction at its finest).  We are clean now and I am on Suboxin.  I am a Navy Nurse Veteran and I am not charged for the Suboxin or the Harvoni and I am so greatful."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about three years now. The first few months were terrible. I broke out, had severe mood swings, I&#039;d cry for no reason. After month four I felt completely fine. No more mood swings or acne outbreaks. My period got lighter, I stopped cramping as much. The only problem I have now is that I don&#039;t get as wet as I used to. But that&#039;s what lube is for. And hey, I&#039;m not pregnant. So it&#039;s doing its job."
"I have severe COPD that was exacerbated by broncholitis, which landed me in the hospital.  It has really helped reduce the inflammation in my lungs, and I can finally breathe again.  I am on a pretty high IV dose, but they are treating me well.  It certainly has side effects.  My gut is all pooched out, and I gained SEVEN pounds in a week.  Major bloat going on.  Heartburn, too.  It makes me a little hyper, and my skin is sensitive.  I have a back/shoulder ache, but that could be the hospital bed.  I hope the side effects go away when I am off of it, but at least I can breathe again."
"This medications was given to me after blue cross and blue shield stop covering levocetirizine which i had taken for 7 years. Singulair is awful.  Within 2 days i had nightmares so very vivid that was scary. The dreams would come in few minutes intervals during hours and hours of not being able to sleep at all. By the third day i had tremors in my legs which kept me awake anyways, during the day I thought about nothing then kill myself. By the fourth day  i broke out in hives. That&#039;s when I stopped it. I would not recommend!  I am very healthy athletic person and I love outdoors,  this medication was debilitating."
"I have been on this pill for 4 days and so far I love it. I use to take tri previfem, which had different levels of hormones throughout the package. So far, I have had no irregular bleeding and very little nausea. I have had an increase in vaginal discharge,  but nothing a pad won&#039;t solve. I have had an increase in appetite as well, and small mood swings. I highly recommend this pill. I have had a much better experience than I did with tri previfem."
"I have taken birth control for 5 years now and I have tried everything. The pill (horrible experience for me, my body just doesn&#039;t like it.. always super sick, puking) which I took for 2 years, then the depo, the nuvaring, etc. I figured I wanted to try the iud. My doctor and I discussed skyla would be best because of its size (I&#039;m super tiny and petite). The procedure was not the best. I took a uterus dialator medication 6 hours prior, took 800 mg of ipbroprohen, and ate breakfast before 
I went. It felt like a super sharp pain, was almost in tears. However, it goes quick and the pain turns into small period cramps. After a week I noticed a difference in my body. No nausea, no dizziness. Only symptom is occasional cramp and spotting."
"Had my first infusion yesterday. It as to stopped just after an hour and a half due a rash that developed on face and spread to my chest and back and severe itching.  Dr&#039;s took the decision to stop the treatment altogether.  Waiting to my rheumatologist next week to look at options.  Have had to stop methotrexate, enbrel and humira doe died effects. Not sure what is left!  At 4:40am and I ave been up since 2 am with severe itching. The joys of this lovely disease ad the side effects f the meds. But can&#039;t fault the medical team for their support and efforts"
"I have really enjoyed the control over my excessive underarm sweating that Drysol has given me. I use it about twice a week. Occasionally it stings so bad I have to wash it off before the night is finished. The wetness control far outweighs the stinging sensation. No more embarrassing nervous moments."
"I started using this recently and its the worst, bleeding does not stop even though I stopped using it after one week because I am anemic. I had Ortho before and had no problem at all but this is just horrible. What is the point of it if I can&#039;t have intercourse because of the heavy bleeding. I hate it and will not use it again, I think I am going to have to go to the ring."
"I previously took Lo Loestrin and had depression, breakthrough bleeding and just a general feeling of blah.  My MD switched me to Beyaz, and those feelings are gone.  And, as a benefit, somehow or another I have lost like 8 lbs in the past month.  OF course I exercise regularly, and eat right, but seem to have less of an appetite. Love this pill!"
"I finally checked myself into a clinic after 5 years. I have chronic pain issues, but I just couldn&#039;t take it anymore, I had to be off of the 75-90mg a day Percocet habit. 
My doctor prescribed the Zubsolv (15 free while we wait for my PA with my insurance). He said I could take the meds at 12hrs but I was so afraid of precipitated withdrawals that I decided to wait 24hrs. My husband held my hand while I cried uncontrollably because of the shaking awful WD&#039;s I was in, and I have serious medication anxiety and I was so scared. As soon as I popped it under my tongue it began breaking down. The flavor was pleasant enough. Within just moments I felt like a new person. Highly recommend so far!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Ambien for years now. It began losing its effectiveness sometime ago. I can usually fall asleep after taking it, but now only sleep a few hours and can&#039;t get back to sleep. I started with 10 mg of Belsomra at midnight and it did not allow me to fall asleep. At 2:30, I took another 10 mg. I did wake a few times. With Ambien that would have been it for me. I would have been up the rest of the night. With 20 mg of Belsombra I easily fell back asleep. I did not experience any bad dreams. If fact, quite the opposite. The sleep was heavenly and I didn&#039;t want to wake up. It was the best sleep I&#039;ve had in years. Because I didn&#039;t get to sleep until 3 am, I slept until noon. I hope I can regulate this in the future. Cost is worrisome"
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control pills for about a month now. My experience with it is not that bad, the only effects I&#039;ve been having are spotting after my period, some changes of mood, more bleeding on my period, my breast has been getting bigger (tho I like this effect), and the cramps are a little stronger, no headaches, no depression,  no weight gain (but if I get some weight in the future it will be fantastic), and it has been helping me with my yeast infeccion, and the most important, still not pregnant. I hope that my body will adjust to this hormones and some of this effects will reduce or disapear."
"I just used this 1 day ovule for the first time and it worked great! I did not get any burning or itching sensation at all. I put it in before I went to bed and feel a lot better in the morning. I would recommend seeing your doctor if its the first  time you have had a yeast infection but otherwise this is a good product to use."
"I recently had injection number 5 out of a six month course of Zoladex for endometriosis. I am 31 years old and have already have 4 laparoscopies- fortunately I do not want children. For those who are scared, the injection does not hurt. You can opt to have an anesthetic anyway. Although I no longer suffer from the horrific pains, constipation and vomiting associated with my periods, I do still experience bleeding after my injection along with cramping which as far as I know is not normal considering the aim of Zoladex is to effectively induce a medical menopause. This was meant to cease after 2-3 injections. But I guess everyone is different, this is what gynecologists are for- speak to them!"
"I&#039;ve been using and still will use zolpidem for the last 8 years. I tried belsomra &quot;clean off zolpidem at least 20 hours.The belsomra at 15 mg made me yawn. That was what the Dr. recommended. Did not sleep at all. Next day I tried 20 mg. Ever hear of sleep paralysis? Well 20 mg I got sleepy. I was impressed. I started to dose off and the sleep paralysis started to hit me. I got up and made some coffee and I won&#039;t take them anymore.Google sleep paralysis and you&#039;ll find it is not pleasant to say the least. And they wanted $300.00 for 30. Ended up with 10 for free with a coupon. Got 8 1/2 left and will not use the anymore.Took it 4 hours ago.Zolpidem beats this belsomra by far. I rate belsomra in the negative 10. 
Merck, Thumbs down on this one...."
"(First month went particularly well, I didn&#039;t recognize any symptoms. I felt 100% myself. I was so afraid it was going to trigger my anxiety (I have GAD) but it hasn&#039;t! I love  microgestin so far. My first &quot;off week&quot; when I got my period was very different. I usually have a heavy to normal flow that last 5 days, but I had a very light flow that lasted the whole week. It stopped once I started the pill on Sunday. I am now three days into my second month, and I haven&#039;t noticed anything new. I feel great!"
"So I ended my period 03/17 &amp; had unprotected sex the next day (03/18) &amp; my boyfriend came inside me so less than an hour later we went &amp; got the pill. After taking the pill I did experience some of the side effects I was having bad headaches, fatigue, light headed, bladder problems, spotting &amp; bleeding a little. I was convinced I was pregnant because my period was also late &amp; I had spotting on my underwear instead of getting my period and I knew that was a sign I was pregnant but there was no way because I had all these side effects &amp; I took the pill as soon as possible but I kept being paranoid about it but a week later I got my period &amp; I&#039;ve never been so happy to be on it so ladies don&#039;t worry just wait &amp; be safe next time."
"After several years of diverticulitis and some very severe attacks including bleeding, I gave in and medicated with Flagyl. I only took 200mg twice a day and my symptoms disappeared, relatively no side effects other than dry mouth. I was vigilant with diet and NO ALCOHOL!  Feel great but worry about re-occurrence."
"Lost 9 pds on second week now and I watch everything I eat I read my labels alot more I know its important to watch all that you eat because since I been doing it along with the diet pill I lost 9pds and I&#039;m only on my second week. I don&#039;t know if I want to increase the dose I like the 2 a day. Every time I take a pill I drink 16ounces of water with it then I wait and eat 1 hour later so with good discipline you will be successful I believe"
"I have been taking birth control on and off for 10 years. For the last 5 years, I was on Yaz (which worked wonders for me, I loved Yaz), but came off of them. After a year of taking no pill, I decided to give Lo Esterin Fe a chance, and my body has never acted so poorly to a birth control pill. I have never experienced any of the symptoms I am about to describe on any other birth control pill. You have to take the pill on Sunday, 4 days after starting the pill, I woke up 4 consecutive nights with piercing pains in my stomach, and a severe migraine. On the third day of pain, I started bleeding heavy, and 4 days later I am still bleeding, am in tremendous pain, and decided to discontinue Loesterin Fe. I literally stopped this pill 9 days into it."
"I just finished taking my first pack after switching off Yasmin. Yasmin gave me migraine 4-7 days a week which was awful! My doctor switched me to this pill, and so far I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects that I can tell. Plus I don&#039;t get the horrible headaches anymore! I think my hair has gotten a bit thinner, but that might have been from the Yasmin (hopefully). I haven&#039;t noticed any breast size enlargement, but with my B cups, I can&#039;t say I wouldn&#039;t mind a little growth! haha. On this pill, so far so good. Also I thought I should mention that my doctor recommended to not take the iron placebos every day as it can be constipating. She said just take an iron pill (the brown reminder pills) maybe once or twice during bleeding."
"I went on Q in Feb of 2015 for exactly one month, not a day less.  At 5&#039;7 and 173 lbs my Dr needed a pretty serious justification to cut me a prescription but since I suffer with chronic back pain she relented.  I&#039;m a 37 year old woman who loves to eat and definitely doesn&#039;t work out enough.  In a month on Q, I lost close to 15lbs without pretty much any effort.  Now comes the reality check:  in the next year, I gained it all back.  Every.single.pound.  I didn&#039;t have terrible side effects while on Q, but I did experience chest pains towards the end.  So, the lesson here is quite works but you have to do your part.  Now, a year later, I got another prescription and I hope this time I will lose the weight and manage to keep it off for good."
"Although the side effects can be very difficult to deal with but the pain of Trigeminal neuralgia is far far worse.  This last attack that I had with the disorder put me to my knees begging to die so I started my Tegretol once again and now 6 days into it no pain at all.  I am very nauseated and extremely dizzy but I will take the side effects over the pain any day of the week."
"I have been taking this for a week now. It worked the first time I took it. But now 6 days later, I still can&#039;t go.  I take it at the same time daily, with water, and before meals to no avail.  I am disappointed it doesn&#039;t work as I am running out of options."
"I&#039;ve been on 4 different HIV combos since I was diagnosed in 2009. When I started treatment I had a viral load over 1M and a CD4 of 42. All of the other treatments did work however their side effects greatly impacted my quality of life. This is the first treatment that has had no apparent side effects."
"this is my first birth control method I used and I&#039;ve been on it for 5 months now. it&#039;s work perfect, periods are like and I barely get cramps. I did gain weight from this but that was the point of me getting on it other than for my period. I definitely recommend it"
"My boyfriend has used this patch many times with success but had slight side effects-mostly blurred vision. I tried it a couple of years ago for our cruise and I had almost every side effect there is to have! I started off almost immediately having blurred vision and my eyes became majorly sensitive to the sunlight. Then I started having a very dry throat (hard time swallowing food), dizziness and my stomach would gurgle (it was weird). I took the patch off when one of the passengers said she got really sick from it. After I took it off, I was ok for about 24 hours and then the real scare happened! I almost completely lost my vision, I could barely see straight and was very dizzy for weeks! This should NOT be on the market!"
"I was misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder 10 years ago (recently found out it is actually PTSD/c-PTSD) and I was started on 1200mg of serquel. I was a zombie!  I didn&#039;t want to do anything but sleep. I was so tired all day. One day after taking my medication and then sleeping 10 hours, I then got in my car and was driving somewhere and feel asleep at the wheel. I total my car but luckily I wasn&#039;t hurt and no one else was involved. I lost my job. The &quot;best&quot; part though was the 110 pound weight gain I had in less then a year of taking this poison.  I&#039;ve been off of the crap for about 3 years now but still can&#039;t drop the weight it caused me to gain.  Please be careful if considering taking this drug it almost ruined my life."
"This product is absolutely amazing! I had severe acne from birth control and it left me with terrible hyperpigmentation and I still had some cystic acne. I&#039;ve been using Epiduo which helps but I still was getting bad break outs when I was ovulating and before/during my period. I&#039;ve been using this product for a few weeks now and see drastic results. Even my hyperpigmentation is fading!!! I couldn&#039;t be happier. It&#039;s not harsh on your skin at all and it doesn&#039;t dry it out. I think everyone should try this product!!! Probably best for moderate/mild acne."
"I am immune-compromised from ME/CFS for 17 years. This drug at a dose of 1500 mg/day restored my cognitive clarity to 100%.  At only 1000 mg/day my cognitive clarity fell off substantially...a 20 point IQ drop, perhaps.  When my MD took away my Valtrex one time because she thought my kidneys were at risk after I had white cells in a urine test, I became pseudo-demented and had to use a three-wheeled walker without Valtrex!  I also have vestibular migraine that is treated with 350 mg/day of topamax  and it gets worse without the Valtrex. As soon as I went back on the Valtrex, I perked up immediately and didn&#039;t need the walker."
"On my third month of using Accutane I must say it definitely works but the lower back  &amp; side pain is getting out of hand it&#039;s depressing because I&#039;ve dealt with acne most of my life &amp; have used everything under the sun ,but the one thing that works I can&#039;t use ...I highly recommend it but be careful with the side affects"
"I started taking Cyclafem on day 1 of my cycle about a month ago. Almost a whole month later, I&rsquo;m still bleeding. I gained 7 pounds, and my boobs got bigger, which I expected, but I&rsquo;ve been bleeding for over 20 days, I had a migraine experience that led me throw up breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and waves of cramps that would come and go. My doctor switched me to Loestrin 24 and have me meds to stop the bleeding. We&rsquo;ll see how well this goes."
"Compared to before! It&#039;s great but just a warning: if you don&#039;t wash your hands right away/ go to sleep with it still wet on your face, it will fade colors of things. Also wash your hands right away and don&#039;t wipe them on a a cloth towel it will stain that use paper! And it may sting your face if you have open acne but it will go away in 5-10 mins!"
"Extreme burning!!!! I will never use it again. I will eat yogurt (home remedy) everyday for the rest of my life rather than go through this pain. The applicator was painful (Walgreens brand) 3 day. Day 1 is enough for me!"
"After surgical menopause a year ago, I had the hot flashes from hell, at least every 20-30 minutes plus night sweats and no sleep because of night sweats so I started taking estradiol and that eliminated all of it but I was getting really bad headaches and I gained some lbs so I stopped that and read up on other medications that could reduce or eliminate hot flashes and came upon gabapentin.  It helps a lot, I still get hot flashes but only a couple times a day and no more night sweats.  The only thing is I&#039;m afraid of weight gain but sometimes you have to take the lesser of the to evils.  I take 200mg. at night and that seems to do the job.  Love it!"
"I am back again.  I always revert back to zoloft.  Beside Paxil and Buspar, those are the only REAL meds with anti anxiety properties to them that are NOT benzo and addictive.  The other anti depress can work but I really need it for anxiety 100% not depression.  I had reported that I got headaches and body aches due to jaw clenching and grinding teeth and scrunching up my body at night but I will take that over the other side effects from other meds.  If i stay at 100 mg and not go up to 150 mg then sex is not affected.  Never gain weight from this med.  I will give it a try again and deal with headaches!  This one truly does work for SAD, GADS, anxiety etc...  Oh its way cheaper than the other newer ones I was trying."
"I have severe pain left over from my chemotherapy I took for breast cancer. I took Percocet for a year but was having break through pain. I decided to try the pain patch which I started out at 25mg and worked my way up to where my pain stopped. I am now pain free at 75mg every three days. I have been pain free for 4 months. I am so happy. I was crying every morning because the pain medicines would not last through the night, not anymore. I am able to work in the yard and do housework pain free. I forgot to tell you the pain was in my lower legs, it was terrible."
"I used to get recurrent urinary tract infections but hadn&#039;t had one in 7 years. Just got one and they tried nitrofurantonin but it did nothing. I got Bactrim and the urgency and burning was gone within hours. I don&#039;t like taking antibiotics but UTIs are no joke. Bactrim worked for me and thank goodness. I get a little stomach ache but it beats the UTI symptoms!"
"First time colonoscopy.  Took first dose at 2pm with a lemon wedge chaser to kill the anticipated aftertaste then 32oz of water quickly thereafter.  Most taste was gone after the lemon juice.  It&#039;s a lot of fluid to drink at once but not that bad. 15 min later I was off to the toilet...off and on for the next 11/2 hrs (not stuck on toilet for the entire time though) this stuff really works.  Next dose at 8pm, with the same result as the first time.  I was able to go to bed at 11pm with no further effects.  Got up at 6am feeling good for my 8am procedure.  Doctor said the prep worked well.  I tolerated this bowel prep pretty well and didn&#039;t suffer any side effects other than the urge to go."
"Toradol has literally been a lifesaver! I have Cervical Dystonia, which gives me really bad migraines. Toradol usually will take my entire migraine away, and if it doesn&#039;t, it makes it manageable.It doesn&#039;t make me sick to my stomach, and it doesn&#039;t make me too drowsy, I&#039;m able to drive home afterwards. The only bad thing about it is that I usually have pain around the injection site that lasts for a long while, but it hardly compares to the pain of the headache I had before it!"
"I get cold sores maybe once or twice a year. I keep valtrex on hand and if I take it quick enough when I have the feeling one is coming on, it won&#039;t even appear, if I wake up and I have the tingly feeling on my lip and I take it, it will reduce it significantly.when  you feel the tingling make sure you take the full dose not just one. Also the cold sore healing patches by polysporin are amazing! If you get a full out cold sore and put these on It will shrink it almost down to nothing."
"Changed my life in a day.  I went from complete misery to almost back to normal witin eight hours.  The hour it began to wear off, my agony was back again.  For me it really workd.  I am taking double the prescribed dose however."
"First off, THIS BIRTH CONTROL EFFECTS EVERYONE DIFFERENTLY! I originally went to this site after I booked my appointment for insertion just to get a feel for what I was in for. I only saw horribly negative things. My own experience has been fine. Everything that you expect to happen on birth control does. My emotions got the best of me, but they leveled out. I had spurts of acne, but having the correct soap for your face makes all the difference. My period has been off, lots of spotting, but it&#039;s really nothing that isn&#039;t manageable. My sex drive is better than ever. And I havent gained any weight. The insertion process is quick and painless. I&#039;m also not pregnant! Seriously, try it for yourself, every body is different."
"06/08/2015
I will be 42 this August and I have been a smoker since 18 and I have never tried to quit because I know that its not even possible.  I smoked 30 a day and I thought I cannot live without it until I tried Chantix.  I was smoking the first 7 days while taking chantix.  By 3rd day the nicotine was not reaching to my brains and I was getting little frustrated.  Well, isn&#039;t that what it was supposed to do.  Its been a month now and I have not been smoking at all.  I thank Pfizer for this drug.

Side Effects:  Nausea within half hour of taking the pill, but it clears away
                     Made me very hungry especially in the morning
                     Put on 12lbs in 5 days
  Started having blood in my stool on day 30 and I qui"
"This is my first week on Azor and not only is my blood pressure in the 117/80 range, I slept peacefully through the night and experienced wonderfully pleasant dreams for the first time in nearly five years!  So Azor is obviously having a positive effect on my sleep apnea as well.  Was a bit dizzy the first morning of the first pill but have been fine since. I&#039;m grateful for the changes."
"I was very hot-headed with sudden rage or seething anger all of my life until I got on Perphenezine.  This is an amazing drug.  I NEVER get angry now.  I did get angry once at something which I believe is justified, but I didn&#039;t feel deep rage inside.  It went away. I have been on Perphenizine for a year or so now and I feel like a totally different person.  It did take a little while, maybe a few months (I&#039;m not sure) to take effect.  I was psychotic when I first began taking it (delusional).  It is an amazing drug.  Also, I can think more clearly &amp; think &quot;better,&quot; which is hard to describe.  I can solve problems more easily, analyze situations and it feels as if my &quot;engine turned over&quot; (brain) and I am smarter now, much smarter.  Amazing!"
"I started Adipex 37.5 a week ago today 04-07-2016 and I have gained 3 pounds??? I don&#039;t understand why it&#039;s not working I&#039;m using my fitness pal to help track my meals but the most I get out of these is a headache and I&#039;m very moody. I called my doctor but today is Saturday to see why I haven&#039;t been so successful as the others that I have been reading about my start date was 268.5 when I weighed myself today and 272 I&#039;m so disappointed I paid $100 for the pills in Detroit, Michigan and my repeat visits are $75.
I am not hungry but very gasy. I eat 3 meals per day and have not worked out yet."
"I am 66 and have been getting up 6-7 times a night to urinate. Previously I tried Flomax, but this made me dizzy. My Urologist suggested Rapaflo which I have been taking for 5 days. I now go 3-4 times per night. No side effects, but noticed feel a bit lethargic and my nose is runny. I have been using only 4 mg size and may ask to try the 8 mg as I am a big guy (6&#039;3&quot; 205 lbs)."
"I had severe cramping on my first day and Googled only to discover I wasn&#039;t alone. It felt like the worst period cramps ever &amp; I&#039;m no wimp...two healthy boys of my own. Some reviews said 9 months later!! One woman said it was a daily experience and had to take pain killers!! I didn&#039;t hestitate. Out it went and instant relief.
I do not recommend this method at all."
"I have been on Qsymia for 7 days today and have lost 5 pounds, I bet it could have been more if I would have applied myself more.  Only side effect so far is tingling in my mouth; but does not bother me really just makes me want to drink more water"
"I have been taking Lunesta for over 3 years now. Unfortunately I can&#039;t take Ambien due to heart palpitations and other side effects. The cost of Lunesta just went up for me to $205 for a 30 day supply. I can&#039;t afford it anymore and I don&#039;t know what I&#039;m going to do. It&#039;s the only thing that helped me sleep after dealing with insomnia for over 20 years. I no longer notice the taste in the morning and I can get up in the middle of the night and then fall right back to sleep. No sleepwalking or anything to report either. Just refreshing sleep."
"I take this for severe joint pain. Like I can&#039;t walk at all because of the pain. I take two sometimes 3 codeine tablets (60mg) or (90mg) of codeine and it works within an hour, making it okay to walk again. It does however make me feel very, very drowsy and light headed and I&#039;m not really with it at all but it is wonderful for relieving the pain."
"This was my first ever birth control experience and although it worked fairly well for the first month concerning period regulation, I had major breakthrough bleeding on my second pack that resembled a heavy, two-week long period on my active pills. My endocrinologist hadn&#039;t asked me about history with mental illness before she prescribed me this medication and unfortunately the pill magnified my severe depression progressively throughout my three packs. Because of it, I am more emotionally fragile and cry very easily. My anxiety has been heightened to a point where I can&#039;t go outside at the risk of panicking, and I&#039;m constantly very jittery/shaky. I would not recommend this product for women experiencing any sort of depression or anxiety."
"I was responsible for my insurance deductible, but the insurance covered the rest.

This once a week medication is very convenient, and I would recommend it.  After the first few injections I had the chills and flu like symptoms, and the symptoms decreased as time went on.  After the initial few issues, I injected weekly without symptoms.

"
"Give it a full 3 months!!! I had severe hormonal acne + pustules all over my face, specifically on my cheeks and jawline, when I got prescribed yaz. The first month was absolutely terrible and I broke out all over my forehead, back and chest... I was literally scared to leave the house. In the second month, it was just as bad but new pimples weren&#039;t surfacing as often. Month 3: I had small pimples on my face and everywhere else had cleared up, but it wasn&#039;t till the end of my 3rd pack that my face cleared up completely. I&#039;m now in the middle of month 4 and my face is completely clear!!!! I can go out in public without makeup and finally feel confident! Also, I have experienced no side effects except bigger boobs lol"
"It works best for me, better than narcotic pain relievers, and better than Neurontin (pregabalin), which I&#039;m amazed isn&#039;t on this list, as it is very similar to Lyrica. I have no side effects, with the medication, and I take it for chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy. Hopefully this will help someone, it was well worth trying for me."
"I&#039;ve had the Paragard IUD for almost a year now. I chose Paragard because I wanted to see how my body would do without hormones as I&#039;ve been on some form of BC since I was 16. I do have really long periods still. Currently on day 11, but only a couple days are really heavy. The annoying part for me is that my body will trick me, make me think I&#039;m done, then several hours later, surprise! And I&#039;ve never been one to cramp and I cramp now. Midol helps some.  I&#039;ve also lost about ten pounds since having the paragard, no idea if it was the lack of hormones from other birth control or not. Insertion was extremely painful for me (I&#039;ve never had a child). Overall I think Paragard is a good birth control option."
"It&#039;s a good pain medication if you have genital herpes. I know they say to take Panadol but it&#039;s just not effective enough. This is much better."
"My daughter has autism and ADHD, she has been extremely violent from a baby. Specialists had her on Risperdal which did help initially then they added different antidepressants and also Ritalin. Once she started on the Zeldox it was nothing short of a miracle for us. After a few weeks she is functioning like a &quot;normal&quot; child.. We cannot believe it. Even strangers come up to us to say how good our daughter is as they have seem her before. I know that there is no &quot;cure&quot; for autism but after years and years of animal like behaviour and violence I can honestly say its like a miracle for us. I just hope and pray that it lasts. She has experienced dystonia with it and we have reduced it, but its like it has flicked a switch on in her brain."
"It made me nauseous, but not too bad. I love this medicine. Cleared up my cystic pimples within days. I&#039;m also on tretinoin cream which my insurance also pays. My dermatologist is amazing for recommending both. I get compliments that my face is flawless. It feels great! You will get little flare ups here and there don&#039;t give up, give the medicine a chance it will work. I recommend it!"
"I started taking Microgestin FE 1/20 because my doctor was no longer prescribing Yaz. I gained 15 lbs, started breaking out with acne like crazy, was weepy about nothing at all or very angry, did not have a period for 6 months and then became pregnant. I was taking the pill EXACTLY as prescribed. I even set and alarm on my phone to take it at the same exact time every day.  "
"I actually like the medication. My first time having BV. I noticed a smell.. I&#039;m on day 4 with the pills &amp; I have not had any bad symptoms. Might be a little sleepy more than usual, but it not bad. I recommend this pill. The smell is gone! which is GREAT!"
"I get horrible nausea due to daily medications I&#039;ve been taking for years. These medications often dehydrate no matter how much water intake. When you pair this with a hot day and having to drive in the car for more than 20 minutes, it creates a recipe for disaster. Tums or Pepto provide very little relief for this type of upset stomach. I read about Emetrol on a few forums and found that it truly is a miracle drug! I have since taken an average size dose about 4 different times and it hasn&#039;t failed me yet. It&#039;s fast acting and truly saves the day! Without it, I would be throwing up weekly. Only reason for 9 /10 is that I am unsure as to how safe it is with Phosphoric Acid and high sugar levels."
"Don&#039;t buy!!! Just don&#039;t buy!!!

I believed I have a yeast infection as I have some itchiness and some discharge (nothing crazy) so I purchased this product. I inserted this just as you are supposed to and within 10 mins my vagina was burning, at first I thought it would go away after awhile but it got WORSE! After 20 mins I went upstairs and got a wet towel and placed it on my vagina hoping it would work. 40 minutes later and I am now crying in extreme pain as if my vagina is on fire. Another 30 minutes goes by and I cannot stand the burning and itching anymore and drove to emergency. The doctor ended up giving me a steroid shot to help with the pain and some cream that ACTUALLY works. DO NOT USE !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I&#039;m 13 and I had really bad acne like whiteheads and blemishes a lot of those and then when I used Epiduo after a week the old blemishes peeled off and my skin was clear but I had more whiteheads and pimples but after another 2 weeks they stopped coming out so now I only have the blemishes. And my skin peels more now then before but overall it is far more clear then it was 2 month ago."
"Xanax saved me from the brink. I suffer from panic disorder and anxiety and Xanax has been the only thing that works. The only thing: respect it. Don&#039;t drink alcohol on it or you will become highly intoxicated, and possibly get sleep apnea. Respect this drug and it will serve you well. "
"One Esgic tablet  gets rid of my Migraine. I highly recommend it as it doesn&#039;t  have any other affects on me such as feeling drowsy or hyper. Also the written side effects seem to be minimal. I  take it when I can&#039;t function and unable to tolerate bright lights or noise. It does not impair my ability to drive."
"Started Cervidil around 9pm, around 4am contractions hit and I received my epidural. Everything went smooth son was delivered at 1:29 pm.  No issues with this induction!"
"I have had yeast infections before and used Monistat treatment....Although it&#039;s been a long time since I&#039;ve had one. Anyways, I went to the doctor for itching and was diagnosed with a yeast infection. She gave me the pill to clear it up. A few days later I was still itching so I picked up the Monistat 1 day treatment. I inserted it at midnight and within a hour woke up burning inside. I douched with warm water and went and laid back down and now four hours later I&#039;m sitting in hot water in the bath tub. They must have changed the ingredients on this product. I&#039;m praying the burning eases up soon. I can&#039;t sleep and I&#039;m on fire inside. This product will never touch my body again after today!"
"I have only just started using Suboxone/Subutex and I have to say it works great for the cravings and the withdraws. The only reason why I did not give it a 10 is because of the side effects. I had many side effects on the Suboxone so my doctor moved me to the Subutex. The side effects have gone down except two. I have a problem falling asleep. I constantly pass out when ever I&#039;m not focused on doing something. I&#039;m standing in a company meeting passing out and almost falling over and Driving is a challenge in its own. Secondly its causing stiffness in my muscles when ever I&#039;m not moving for long periods of time. When I wake up at night or in the morning, I can&#039;t hardly move to roll over or get up. Other then these problems, it is great!"
"Testosterone levels must have started dropping off 4 to 5 years ago at 42. Over time, lost interest in sex as the plumbing was not working as well as it should. Weight gain around abdominal area and slow loss of muscle mass I thought was natural aging process. Started to lose hair on legs and was always tired. Started Depotest 6 months ago at 200 every three weeks. Roller coaster effect after 3 months but felt great. Switched to 200 every two and had no ill effects. Oily skin on face and forehead was all. Dialed in at 100 per week and life is awesome. Caught it in time and doctor feels there is no permanent tissue damage. Nocturnal erections are back to above normal, sex drive is great and erections are fully functional. Testosterone levels from 187 to 700 range."
"Have only been on the pill for two weeks and I&#039;m already wanting to switch. It feels like I&#039;m battling depression all over again. All I want to do is lay in bed and cry. My boobs have gotten smaller.  I have hot flashes, I sweat like a bloody animal, I&#039;m dizzy, have completely lost my appetite. I&#039;m nauseous every time I make myself eat. I have been bleeding for 14 days straight, and it looks like it&#039;s not going to stop. My eyes won&#039;t stop itching, my stomach is always upset. This pill is no good. But hey my skin is perfect. So worth right? No. I miss condoms."
"Currently on Lithicarb 500mg taken as 2 x 250mg tablets taken 1 morning and one night. Was bumped up to 750mg but reduced back after severe dry skin and digestive discomfort as side effects. 
Was finally put on lithium after previously being misdiagnosed with just depression and general anxiety &amp; put on Venlafaxine which exacerbated my mania...hence was finally correctly diagnosed with bipolar. 
Suicidal thoughts are now minimal and I got over the need to pee excessively which comes with increasing your fluid intake after first starting my meds. Now I am 4 months in &amp; I have gained weight but that doesn&#039;t bother me as much as my loss of creativity &amp; general lack of motivation. On the plus side, this doesn&#039;t bother me as much as it should."
"I take Lunesta every night and find that I fall asleep easily and wake up easily after 8 or more hours  of sleep.  I wake up every morning grateful for Lunesta.  After many months and years of restless sleep and daily fatigue, Lunesta has brought much needed relief.  "
"I use this medication for gout. I don&#039;t think I could survive without it. For me it does not work fast but better late than never, usually 24-36 hours for relief."
"Tested in Dec 2012. Started with a 120,000 Viral Load, 187 CD4 count. Began Meds in Beginning of March 2013. 30 days later  APRIL 2013  = 190 Viral Load, 280 CD4. 60 days after that JUNE 2013 = 50 Viral Load, 230 CD4. What I notice: I was also diagnosed with a very active level of CMV 5x above the range (CMV also known as Herpes 1). It gave me problems from blisters in the gums to Acid Reflux. I was put on Acyclovir 800 mg 3x a day and after 2 weeks only 400mg 1x a day. Now I feel very healthy. Key is treating other infections and being careful with sick animals or other people (especially on a low CD4 count)."
"At 31 years of age and a smoker since I was 13, I didn&#039;t think there was hope for me. The habit slowly caught up to me and I found myself a pack a day smoker for over the last 10 years. Smoking when I was happy, sad, angry, it was a constant companion for so long and I honestly thought I&#039;d die of COPD on oxygen, begging for that last smoke. Chantix truly changed all of that. It completely eliminated the physical craving, leaving the rest up to me. How bad do I want it? I&#039;m over a week deep. This is longest I&#039;ve went in 17 years without a smoke. I owe my life to Chantix. I had some initial nausea and wild dreams, irritable...but I&#039;m smoke free. I can beat this. YOU can beat this. Good luck!"
"My Daughter has ADHD with a high level of agression, she is eleven.  This medicine has so far been a miracle for her and for all of us too. It has been about six weeks and she has only experienced a small amount of weight gain.  She is more focused at school and not fighting with friends, teachers, and family.  She is doing homework and cleaning her room.  She doesn&#039;t seem to have any sleep problems. 
I will watch the weight gain and look for signs of muscle reactions.  Otherwise I am praying this medicine continues the way it has because I have not yelled for the first time in 9 or 10 years and she is happy.  More dr&#039;s need to step away form Concerta and that family of drugs if they see they dont work or causes the aggression."
"I got skyla when I was 17 I&#039;ve had it for about 8 months and its coming out tomorrow, and I&#039;m absolutely terrified, because of the fact that the insertion was incredibly painful. When I got it inserted I had to get my they said I had a highly tilted uterus which meant it was more painful than usual. Once it was inserted I had passed out but when I woke up in could feel my uterus cramping and when it did all my muscles would shake. I bled for about a month after that I had regular periods but terrible cramps to the point of throwing up.  I also have terrible acne, excessive facial hair, lack of sex drive and major depression. I am ready to get this out and get back on the pill and be my normal self again"
"I have had restless leg syndrome for over twenty years. I have taken a lot of different medications to try to stop the horrible feeling that having RLS gives you.My father had it and so does my brother. I not only have it in my legs but it can also affect my arms. Its a real good time when it hits me in all my limbs at the same time. One day my brother told me about Mirapex. I got the medication from my doctor after having RLS every night for a week. I don&#039;t know what I would do without it. It worked from the first time I took it. All I can say is....who ever invented Mirapex, THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH."
"Accutane gave me completely clear skin after 7 months of using it and 4 years of severe acne. Even though people say they got horrible scars from the zits they had during their treatment, I have very few and they&#039;re small enough that you can&#039;t see them unless your face is right next to mine. I got a dry scalp, lips, and skin, but it was never enough to prevent me from wearing contacts like some people warn. To help with dry lips, get Dr. Dan&#039;s Cortibalm. It&#039;s the best chapstick out there. I got minor to moderate pain in my knees too, but it wasn&#039;t anything I couldn&#039;t put up with. And that horrible breakout that they tell you you&#039;re going to have when you first start? Mine was barely noticeable."
"I am having no problems with this birthcontrol. It cleared up my acne.(most of it) and it didn&#039;t hurt at all after, no bruising,nothing. The first week I cried easily, probably my body adjusting to the hormones. But now,I&#039;m absolutely perfect. I feel normal. And I didn&#039;t have any terrible side effects."
"I call it a miracle drug like most others who have shared their comments. I have been taking it now for 7 months, currently 450mg a day (for treatment of fibromyalgia). I gained about 20 pounds within 2 months which I desperately needed to do. Overall, I have a better life now thanks to Lyrica. Nothing that I have been prescribed in the last 14 years has even came close to treating my condition."
"I have adhesions from a gallbladder surgery and diarrhea and lower abdominal cramping as a result. My doctor prescribed Viberzi to help control these two symptoms. Within ONE HOUR after taking my FIRST 75mg dose, I had developed PANCREATITIS &amp; was hospitalized for two days. DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION - especially if you do not have a gallbladder! If you experience abdominal pain while on this medication go to the hospital! Shame on you, Viberzi. Your product is trash."
"I took this drug for 8 months and it cured my depression which is usually unheard of. When I asked for it again several years later for post-partum after having my last child I was told it was taken off the market. Why?? Because it actually CURED people - I don&#039;t get it."
"I have chronic pain from several herniated discs and  spinal stenosis. I also have fibromyalgia. I began taking Zanaflex last month and the relief is wonderful. I no longer hurt and spasm all night and now I can sleep instead. I take 4mg tabs 2 at bedtime and go immediately to bed as it makes me drowsy right away and I become dizzy if I stay up. I wake up rested with no hangover at all and feel good the next day. I take narcotics during the day for pain relief and the addition of this to my regimen is great. I love it."
"I&#039;ve been on this now for just over 3 weeks and I can honestly say I have not had 1 single craving it is a miricle drug that I had never heard I till I was asked 4 weeks ago if I wanted to try it. The 1 down side to it for me is I have a very bad memory now I yak it amd was told about the side affects and they said memory function problems was the most seriois side affect but do you know what I don&#039;t care about the memory problems cos I have got my life back and I can as I have NEVER been happier then I am now. The stuff is amazing"
"I thought I&#039;d share my experience with the Mirena IDU. Im a 26 year old female in a committed 3 year relationship with my boyfriend. Throughout my lifetime before the Mirena I&#039;ve had a history of depression and hormonal issues taking birth control. Since the age I was sexually active at 16 I tried every other the counter option: the ring, pills , patch, condoms even tried the diaphragm. On top of this I would have extremely painful periods in which I would lay around all day and take close to 12 Advil daily. One docter recommended the IUD, after 6 years thinking if I should get the IUD I finally did and it changed my life. No pain for periods and hormone wise I&#039;m all set:)"
"A few months ago I shared my horrid experience about this drug. This drug increased my bleeding 10 folds and continued for 4 months of very heavy bleeding. I went to a specialist and he said I should have never been prescribed depo and the effects irreversible and they stay in your body more than 8-10 months and there is nothing that can be done. You can only imagine my despair. I did however manage to get in and see another doctor. This doctor is my miracle. She prescribed me yaz drospirenone and ethinyl estradiol tablets. The first 2 days the bleeding increased tremendously but after that it COMPLETELY STOPPED. To me this was a miracle. I am sharing this hoping that it could bring women in my condition some relief. ."
"I have been on Adipex since the beginning of December and my starting weight was 271 and as of Thursday I weighed in at 246. I am very pleased with my weight loss and very disappointed in myself to have reached a whopping 270. I guess it&#039;s better late than never. I do experience some side effects which includes dry mouth and constipated at times. When this happens I drink even more water and drink a swig of vinegar..it usually helps. I have not incorporated exercise in my plan yet but plan to start next week.   I wanted to get the diet down pact first..I do recommend this pill for anyone that has a lot of weight to lose!"
"I had been prescribed metformin for weight loss and being pre-diabetic. My GP wanted to treat it aggressively. Also slightly hypoglycemic. I had taken it religiously for about 2 mos. then went off it due to it gave me a metallic taste in my mouth and I just couldn&#039;t stand it anymore.
For the last month almost everyday, I&#039;ve felt shaky, weak, fatigued and just weird whenever I was hungry and after almost every meal. (My blood sugar sometimes goes down way too low after eating). I decided this morning that maybe I should be back on the metformin so I took 1 at breakfast. Well I don&#039;t know if 1 pill can do it, but within an hour I&#039;ve felt better than I have in months. The shaky weak feeling completely went away and I had a ton of energy since."
"Love this treatment! I had immediate relief and no side effects. Shots were painless. It&#039;s been 3 years since my last series of Orthovisc. I&#039;m back to exercising with no knee pain."
"I am a 36 year old male.  From time to time I have a problem maintaining an erection when engaging in sex.  No problem during foreplay. My doctor wrote me a script for Levitra and it was amazing.   I was 16 again and a  superman in the sack. I did have a feeling of congestion and occasional headache but is worth it.  The down fall is that you need to know in advance when exactly you will be sexually active.  So much for romance and spontaneity.   It is also very expensive."
"Ladies Plan B does work! I had sex with my boyfriend on November 1. So got Plan B two hours later. I only had mild cramps. My period was suppose to be on November 18. I was two weeks late. So I took a pregnancy test. It was negative. I knew I was going to miss my period because I was taking my finals and was stressed out of mind. I waited for my next period andI I only had brown discharge and very small spotting. I continued to wait and decided to take a blood test. The results showed 0 HCG and stated not pregnant. I knew I wasn&#039;t pregnant the whole time, because I didn&#039;t &quot;feel pregnant&quot; and I continue to experience my period symptom which include acne. And finally I had my period. Be patient!! I waited two months for mine."
"This medicine will work. I have 4 children and needed to take off the pounds, which very hard to do when working and caring for your family. This medicine helped me in many ways but a controlled and well balanced diet and light exercise is key to keeping the weight off. Moderations/motivation is best and an old picture to remind you of what lerks around the corner."
"diagnosed Jan 2, 2015 with renal cell carcinoma.  I&#039;m 61 and have been a picture of health my whole life.  Right kidney had a tumor and they were going to remove until found 2 leisions on my liver.  First med I did not respond to and been on Votrient for 2 weeks. After 1 week they felt I was responding.  Side effects are bad with vomiting and diarrhea that it drains me.  Hard to eat as food doesn&#039;t taste right and now my tongue has a burnt taste so nothing tastes good
 and have
 lost a lot of weight in short periods of time.  sleep 10 -12 night and 2 hr nap.  They say this is all typical for everyone.  How long has it taken everyone to finally get back to feeling normal.  I use a walker around house and wheelchair for dr"
"Update***

Started Phentermine Feb 22, 2016 at 269lbs. Last update on here was April 25th, at 247lbs. Since then I started weight watchers, which has been beneficial in keeping me on track as far as the types of foods I take in. I weighed 6/10 and I was 235. The weight loss is slow, but I still find phentemine very helpful in suppressing my appetite. A little over 30lbs in about 3.5 mos."
"I&#039;m on my fourth day of using the Prevpac for H. pylori infection which was discovered during a medical procedure (colonoscopy and endoscopy). I was experiencing stomach discomfort (throbbing alternating aches from left to right) which prompted me to have these procedures.  Day one: I felt tired and experienced severe stomach pain including bloating, but it (stomach pain) eventually subsided. Day two: minor stomach pain and little bloating. Day three: I did not experience any pain but I had the metallic taste and felt fatigued. I have noticed that my bowels are larger (sorry for the extra information) than normal. Details to take into consideration: Female and a minority"
"About 33 years ago, I was diagnosed with anxiety/depression. Was put on Paxil, and it was brought to my attention, that they actually made me worse...more agitated. As I read these posts, I wonder &quot;sure wish it worked for me, like that!! Need less to say, all these years later, my anxiety is thru the roof...HATE groups or crowds of people...I pretty much either go to work or stay in the house, on days off. Makes me nervous to be around people I don&#039;t know. Call me crazy, its like a phobia, and I think it&#039;s their stupidity!  I&#039;m not prefect, by ANY means....but my word, people these days!"
"I&#039;m 19 years old. I&#039;ve had 3 Yeast Infections. First 2 yeast infections was very easy to get rid of. Eat yogurt and wore the correct panties. This one was stubborn! Had it for MONTHS and Could not get rid of it. This yeast infection was getting horrible. I had the itching, bad discharge, everything! I try to do it the natural way first with everything and then I resort to medicine. I went ahead and went to my local Krogers and bought Miconazole 7 (7 day treatment). On day 4 my yeast infection was totally gone! It works great and fast! So happy. It does burn a tad bit, and not for long. 1-10 with the burning is maybe a 2. And it was cheap! Around $5-7 dollars. Very easy to use also. Will definitely use in the future."
"I started this birth control because of my heavy, long lasting periods. I have been on this for approx. 3 weeks. I have already had a cycle since I started the medicine and I was pleased to find out that it shortened my periods from 16 days to just 6. The only side effects I have noticed are the beginnings of acne and being paranoid and extremely emotional. Since I only took the medication to shorten my periods, I have realized that the medicine is serving its purpose and I have to accept the side effects."
"I&#039;ve seen a psychiatrist and a therapist for year. Over a 12 year span, I&#039;ve probably tried 20-30 drugs. This medication is the first to make me feel human again. I&#039;m not a zombie and I&#039;m not lacking emotion. I&#039;m genuinely happy and thriving. I&#039;m so happy I finally found this medication. I&#039;ve also not had weight gain, I&#039;ve actually lost some weight."
"I suffer with depression and now perimenapusal.  I felt low angry argumentative struggled with every day life. I started taking SJW and I feel my old self. Enjoying life again. Motivated on every day tasks. Laughing.  My husband totally agrees. Only side affect is slight stomach upset. Occasionally."
"The worst experience I ever have. I got pregnant with this thing and it almost kill me It was a ectopic pregnancy, It make me sick I went to the emergency room with a horrible pain, they did a surgery but did not remove the whole baby. It made me suffer for weeks!"
"Was on the lowest dose for twelve days and experienced chest pains shortness of breath. Sore boobs early period and muscle weakness..... This drug is great for certain people but if you are borderline hypo like I am I would watch your symptoms closely. Everyone is different though."
"Permanently damaged and disabled from 500mg x 2 levaquin. Check the black box warnings.  I was healthy young person.  Started experiencing side effects a few hours after administration.   Adverse reactions got worse. it&#039;s been almost 5 YEARS and have bodywide peripheral neuropathy, bodywide tendonosis, dry mouth eyes, nose, tinnitus, crepitus all over.  The drug is poison and destroys human as well as bacterial mtDNA.  Just google &quot;Fluoroquinolone toxicity.&quot;  There are safer alternatives for pneumonia.   Don&#039;t ruin your life with this garbage that the FDA has failed to remove from the market."
"Well, it&#039;s all hasn&#039;t been fun and games when it comes to my acne. I&#039;m a light skinned African dude of 25 and I have had acne since I was 17. Pretty long time huh? I know. It all started as some pretty rash that got me obsessed. I&#039;ve used pretty much everything except surgery; and I never went to a physician for it. All over-the-counter topical application and I touch my face pretty much all the time. It&#039;s not easy when a handsome guy gets his confidence slowly stripped everyday for almost a decade. Lol
It got worse this past month (like my pimples joined up x-men and became mutants!) and I was forced to see a physician. Retin-A to the rescue. Retin-A and Doxycycline capsules. Just 2 weeks in and I can tell I&#039;ve found the cure for acne!"
"I struggled with severe IBS-D for 24 years. Viberzi began working on day 2 of taking it.
It has changed my life! I am able to function and participate in activities outside of my home. 
I was having water diarrhea 15-120 times DAILY. I have been on Viberzi for 11 days and I have only experienced 2 bouts of diarrhea."
"Well so far I been on this for 5 days and it gives me energy.  I been on the low Carb diet for about 5 weeks so I hope this medicine works.  And I found out if you drink a lot of whiskey while on this you will have major problem. Well I go back to the doctor in like 9 days so I hope to see some weight loss."
"I definitely recommend the Mirena as an option for birth control. I decided to get it my senior year in high school because I have goals to achieve and I did not want any babies stopping that. I started off with pills but I realized my lifestyle did not fit that. If you do not want to worry about taking a pill on time EVERYDAY, and worry about the possibilities of you becoming pregnant, get the Mirena. It didn&#039;t hurt much and now all I&#039;m doing is spotting. Take this from a teenager, it DOES work."
"My wife has suffered from late onset schizophrenia with severe positive symptoms for over 10 years. She started Invega Sustena treatment (monthly injection) a year ago and has made dramatic improvements. All of her positive symptoms have gone away. Residual negative symptoms remain but is now manageable with talk therapy. The injection method helps with compliance as daily pills are difficult to maintain and easy to discontinue. This is a wonder drug..."
"This is the first antidepressant I&#039;ve been on and so far so good.  It worked rather quickly for my anxiety.  It is working more slowly for my depression, but I still feel much better.  I am currently on the 10 mg, maybe I&#039;ll go up to the 20 mg.

  I read previous reviews and have been eating lots of protein with it so the lower GI side effects have not been bad at all for me.  

Do actually follow the warning label and do not drink alcohol while on Viibryd.  I had 3 glasses of wine last night and woke up depressed and mad at my fiance without much good reason.  I had a similar experience last weekend with less alcohol and a bit less depressive/obsessive thinking but still not healthy feeling."
"Bystolic saved my lifeI had atrial fib which was out of control.  Metoprolol another beta blockers and one calcium blocker didn&#039;t get me below 100 with my atrial fib.  Plus they had horrible side effects, depression on metoprolol.  Bystolic has me at 70 pulse with no mental health side effects at all. NO anxiety or depression. I sleep better (although I nap still) .  A miracle drug.  Insurance company tried for years not to pay, saying it was for high blood pressure only and I didn&#039;t have that.  I could go back to work for god&#039;s sakes.  I&#039;m just glad I can afford it."
"This is a wonderful drug. It takes the pain away within a few minutes and even if the migraine doesn&#039;t go away altogether, the pain isn&#039;t as bad as it would be or could be, without some form of medication. Believe me I&#039;ve tried them all. I am now on Topamax 50mg twice a day, Fioricet and Midrin. "
"I used to have horrible nightmares, couldn&#039;t sleep sometimes because of visions in the dark, occasional sudden bouts of intense unjustified anger, etc.  I&#039;ve been on Prozac more or less (I&#039;m not great about taking the pills) for 10 years now.  I probably average 20 mg/day over time.  If I stop taking it for several weeks, I will notice the angry spells starting to come back, etc, and that&#039;s my cue that I need to start taking it again.  It has been very helpful for me.  It&#039;s not a cure all, and maybe the highs of life are not as frequent, but they still come.  And I&#039;d rather have that and contentment than the awful lows.  No free rides, but I enjoy my friends, exercise, family, and relationships.  Overall, a Godsend for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Strattera for a month and am currently taking 60mg a day for ADHD and anxiety. I&#039;m also taking Lexapro and Buspar. So far, I&#039;ve experienced no side effects and this has been almost a miracle. My anxiety is almost gone, I am able to think more clearly and concentrate on work and other obligations. I&#039;m much less impulsive than before taking Strattera and I tend to think things through before acting. 

My only complaint is the cost. My insurance doesn&#039;t cover my medicine."
"I had tried four of five different SSRI&#039;s over 10 years and they didn&#039;t work for me. Also, I was put on Serozone some years ago by my GP and that medication just wasn&#039;t for me - it was finally taken off the market due to it&#039;s horrible side effects. Finally, my doctor prescribed Wellbutrin SR and it worked wonders for me. I had only one side effect which was waking up at night. I&#039;ll take that over depression any day."
"Been on this for 2 and a half months. After the second injection, I went 13 days without taking any Norco or Soma whereas I typically took one a day and two a day respectively. It took a bit to get my insurance to cover it, but I had a severe reaction to Humira allowing me to. Amazingly it seems to work even better than my enbrel at 11 weeks."
"Miracle drug for short term use. You get withdrawal problems after u grow a dependence to it.  It will be dangerous like alcohol  if you stop cold turkey. You have got to tapper off but works really good if u use when u get anxiety"
"I am a 39 year old female who has had type two diabeties for for 15 years.  My last A1c was 10.5.  My doctor put me on Invokana and I havent had a blood sugar reading above 200 since I started the 100mg.  I have just increased to 300.  I did my research on this drug because I am very suseptable to yeast infections. Do your research. First you MUST drink plenty of water on this medication or you will feel ill.  For women take a probiotic I take one and this has kept the yeast away.  Also you can try Oil of Oregano to help. I haven&#039;t had my A1C checked yet as I have only been on this medication for one month.  Ask your doctor for the prescription savings card which will bring your price to ZERO."
"I went in to get the venus freeze done on my neck and jowls. The esthatician I saw wowed me with all the plus sides of bellafil. I didn&#039;t find anything to contraindicate its efficacy so I went ahead and with the injections. I was told I had the best person possible doing my treatment. As it turned out, I was her guinea pig. My face was left with lumps and bumps all over. A year later I had to get immunizations to start the nursing program. The bellafil has started to grow. I have several swollen balls all over my face. I can&#039;t get anyone to return my calls. I am really worried this is going to permanently disfigure me."
"This medication is saving my life!  It really stabilizes my mood.  Before I started taking carbamazepine I would experience horribly crippling depression in the afternoons combined with very strong urges to self medicate with alcohol or narcotics.  Now I feel about the same all day, never really up and never really down.  I have no conflicts taking it with Suboxone. I have only noticed two side effects: nausea, taking it with food fixes that, and increased sleep.  I sleep longer than I did before and wake up feeling tired.  Actually it helps me to sleep through the night, which isn&#039;t all bad.  After I get up, take my other medicines, and have some coffee I am ready to face the day.  Note: I was previously misdiagnosed with major depression."
"I have been on Latuda for about 2 months now, I take 120mg at about 8-8:45pm every night. Positives are that it makes me have almost no manic episodes and very few &quot;mood switches&quot;. It has also helped with my sleep. Before I was getting about 2-4 hours asleep at most each day. Now with the Latuda I sleep from about 9pm till 10am. The struggles I have with it are that it makes it very very hard to get up in the morning for school or whatever unless I get to sleep in until my body is ready. It has also made it very hard for me to eat. Since starting I have lost nearly 15 pounds. Other than that Latuda has made a huge impact on my life. I&#039;m finally starting too feel like how a normal 16yr old should!"
"I can&#039;t believe all these negative reviews! The only praises I hear are ones that sound like &quot;stage actors&quot; who are planted in to these websites and being paid to boast about the wonders of this medicine. This medication was created because Shire no longer held the patent of Adderall, so came up with a new drug for doctors to push so Shire could make more money again-  at the same time, all the generics of adderall that ones were so great, are now weak and inferior. I&#039;ve never been so depressed and feel there is nothing to look forward to anymore after having adderall pulled out from underneath my feet. I just plug through my days just to get the day over with. My family suffers due to BIG PHARMA GREED!"
"I recently started on Zyprexa Zydis due to some problems I am having with severe nausea and vomiting.  I was scared at first because I have been on Lithium for years and have no problems with it.  So far (other than the drowsiness)  I think this is great."
"Cymbalta was a real game changer for me after a lot of trial and error with other antidepressants. It was prescribed to me in 2006 during a major depressive episode in my early twenties that required inpatient hospitalization. The results were remarkable. In a span of 24 hours, I had much greater mood regulation and was not ruminating on negative thoughts. Cymbalta was also helpful in developing healthy eating patterns after a period of binge eating. The appetite suppressing effect made it easier for me to modify portions and lose the weight I&#039;d gained. I took Cymbalta for two years. The only lasting side effect was afternoon and evening tiredness. Titrating off the medication went well except for some nausea that eventually resided."
"I was diagnosed with Celiac&#039;s disease 3 years ago although I probably had it for about 7 years. My body didn&#039;t absorb many nutrients so I had anxiety about everything. I am on high doses of B12 and Vit. D and the doctor
thought I should try Effexor.  I first started on a small dose and then she tried me on 75 mg which is still a small dose. This really works for me. I&#039;m not jittery or have negative thoughts.  I&#039;ve only been on this for 6 months but everything seems okay."
"Drysol is one of those rare cases where the product works exactly as advertised. The first day I used it, I already saw a dramatic difference in my sweating. And I am not talking just a little bit less sweat, I am talking literally none. Application is as simple as putting it on before you go to bed (a few dabs on each armpit) and then showering in the morning.

Now, there are two small flaws to this product:

1. As some others had mentioned, Drysol can be a little irritating to the skin. The applied area might sting a little or be itchy, but it&#039;s nothing terrible.

2. Because Drysol is essentially closing the pores in your armpits to achieve results, this does lead to more sweating in some areas, if you have heavy forehead/back sweat."
"I had this implanted in February of 2015. It&#039;s now August, and I&#039;ve had nothing but great result. No weight gain, only loss. No breakouts, only skin clearing. I think often people blame this own behaviors on their birth control. If you take good care of yourself, eat, well, &amp; continue to work out, I wouldn&#039;t say from my experience that you have any trouble. It has migrated up my arm a little bit, but it&#039;s no problem. I haven&#039;t had my period since March! No pain, or anything bad. I really enjoy this form of birth control. I recommend giving it a go if you insurance will cover it."
"I had been drinking solid for 2 years. From the moment I woke up until I passed out. I went into detox for 7 days and even when the doctor told me that for a 30 yr old girl, my liver was very inflamed I still came out from detox and drank again. After 2 weeks of this I finally decided enough was enough and I started attending an alcohol problems clinic and started Antabuse. I have been sober now for 6 weeks today. Hooray! I never thought I&#039;d see the day when I&#039;d make it 6 minutess never mind six weeks without a drink. I know I have a long journey ahead of me but I&#039;m getting stronger. Trust me it&#039;s the only way to stay away from drink and the cravings do go away. Now it&#039;s time for me to live my life sober."
"Singularly, like being electrocuted for 30 minutes!  I have CRPS and was getting IV Lidocaine Infusions, and was on heavy opoids.......I was near to unresponsive, but breathing, etc, but in a very deep sleep.  Ambulance gave Naloxone.    Set me on fire from head to toe, eyes, everything... I was screaming, no help given... People giving Narcan need to know more about CRPS (complex regional pain syndrome), or RSD (Reflex sympathetic dystrophy) Reflex sympathetic dystrophy , and the effects this drug has when reversing all pain meds.  I believe it was totally unnecessary to use this.  My vitals were fine....    Worst experience of my life, like being skinned and boiled alive.  I&#039;d rather die."
"I have been taking this medication for a little over a year now and it seems to be working like a charm! I am currently 19 years old and the reason I started this medication was because I was experiencing a lot of anxiety and depression coming out of high school. I have had some recent life changing experiences that have ultimately given me a sense of hopelessness but the medication seemed to calm me down and removed the hopeless feelings. My doctor started me on the 10 mg and I have not yet needed to lower or increase my dosage. The only real side effects that I have experienced were occasional headaches and fatigue. When taking this medication it is very important to not miss a dose as well. I would ultimately recommend this medication."
"I startied taking Meridia in December 2007 weighing 226 lbs to begin. The first month I lost 20 lbs. I felt great. I then went on to lose 71 more pounds for a toal of 91 pounds. People do not even know its me. I felt great on it. But I will say a good diet of fruit, veggies and protein plus lots and lots of excerise are the key. Meridia alone will not do it. I took up running, walking, group kickboxing and step aerobics. I feel wonderful I am at my goal and life is great. I am currently not on Meridia anymore. I stopped after 7 months. Lost the rest with will power. You MUST EXCERCISE."
"Many back injuries, as child and adult.  At 40, had fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, and more. On 8 Advil/day, much pain.  Wonderful old doc said I&#039;d blow kidneys on Advil, put me on Percocet 5/325 - it really helped.  Later, other MDs put me on variety of antidepressants.  They did NOT relieve pain (some aggravated it).  Side effects were monstrous; so was withdrawal when I quit.  I remain on my Perc. After 2 decades of careful use, I now take 10/325 dose, cut them in half and take as needed,  average 3 pills/day. I can walk, function well and think straight. No side effects!  BEST PAIN MED EVER.  My heart breaks for people in severe pain.  "
"I love this medication  I have been taking it for 6 years with no problems at all.  Now I have been taken off it due to all the warnings and nothing is working quite like it. Hence the desire to be able to take it again"
"I have been on Contrave for almost a complete month now and I love it! I started seeing pounds drop right away, going into my 3rd week and already down 11 pounds! I have been lucky enough to experience no side effects (knock on wood), and I cannot wait to keep going and see what I can accomplish. It makes you get full faster and honestly makes you turn away from junk food. I was working out 5-6 times a week with a healthy diet and still was not seeing the results I felt I should be seeing, but 3.5 weeks on Contrave and I&#039;m back in my size 8 jeans!"
"I have been a sufferer of Psoriasis since I was born. Since then I have used so many treatments over the past 20 years but none has worked as well as Humira! Within 6 weeks my Psoriasis was clearing up and my skin in general is so soft. 
It is quite painful to administer but its just a stinging sensation and you only have to do it once a fortnight- so it&#039;s worth it! 
Recently, I&#039;ve had a few patches come back but I&#039;ve been under a lot of stress at work so that&#039;s understandable.
I&#039;ve had one or two side effects but nothing major. I&#039;ve been getting tired quite a lot and I&#039;ve been getting quite bad spots on my face but it&#039;s nothing unbearable. 

I don&#039;t have to pay for Humira as I am taking it for research purposes."
"I have been on Xanax for about 3 years and I used to have really bad panic attacks but I don&#039;t now. The only problem I have with them is that they have made me gain a ton of weight."
"I started seizures at 55. I am Bipolar, difficult to treat, rapid cycling I take a low dosage of Keppra and Lamictal. The side effect went away after finally got the right dose. And thank God I&#039;m finally getting off the carousel.
VERY IMPORTANT: I can&#039;t take the generics. I got squared around on name brand and went through hell with generics. I don&#039;t care what they say generics on my brain had me swinging everywhere because some work, others don&#039;t. Since on name brand only. I&#039;m doing great. Good luck all."
"I just started using this birth control. I&#039;m still on my first pack. I&#039;ve been moody and I have a little acne problem but reading these reviews have helped me know that maybe it&#039;ll go away. My breasts have been somewhat tender, but are improving now. I haven&#039;t experienced much weight-gain. And the first two weeks I felt sick, but never actually vomited. I have been more tired than normal also. But overall- it&#039;s a nice pill, small and convenient.
Thanks for the other reviews! It&#039;s reassuring!"
"I was put on this medication for anxiety that I experienced suddenly. My initial panick atattack was so bad that I had throat paralysis. I could not make myself swallow, scariest thing ever. I was on paxil 20mg for 6 months before I stopped. The medication helped with the anxiety but the zero sex drive, constantly sleepy feeling and deep yawns with vivid crazy dreams along with 15 pound weight gain was terrible and not worth it."
"Hi all. Week 4 had load of 37 after from 3,000,000 plus. After week 12 nil.
However my important  one is in 3 months for cure. 
However, i feel worse now than on harvoni. My joints hurt and am very emotional. Is this common."
"30 years of suffering with chronic colitis. Lived on Imodium just to get through life and afford me some form of control over the projectile diarrhea. Nothing helped the pain. Seven months ago I was hospitalized due to a car accident. A Nurse Practioner suggested I ask my doctor about Viberzi. I take one hundred milligrams two times a day while eating. A miracle drug. I am normal now."
"I started this medication when I was experiencing flashbacks to trauma and I would wake up in a sweat, screaming or sleepwalking.  I take many other medications to help with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, depression and bipolar.  It worked wonderfully well for 7 years.  I stopped taking this when I got a new doctor as she wanted to lower my dose of medications.  I have now been consistently having nightmares and am hitting, kicking and punching my husband at night.  He wakes me to this.  I feel terrible about this because my husband has been a wonderful support for the last 20 years.  I want to go back on trazodone. Its the only thing that will work for me."
"The only reason I gave Plaquenil a 9 instead of a 10 is because I still need Imuran as well.  Plaquenil is a great medicine but it&#039;s important to have your eyes examined every 6-12 months to check for a RARE side effect of eye damage."
"I too received a Reglan (metroclopramide) with Benadryl IV when treated in the ER. I was warned that this medication would make me extremely drowsy and it did. I also have to say I felt an extreme restlessness almost as instantly as I felt the medication reach my veins. I remember my husband holding my hand and rubbing my back and telling me to settle down because I became antsy. I was thrashing a little and tossing and turning in the bed. I think we experience this because the medication comes on so strongly and your first instinct is to try to fight how you&#039;re feeling and it gives you extreme fatigue which I believe gives a false sensation or dizziness and that you&#039;re falling which I believe is what causes the anxiousness and restlessnes."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia for 2 years now. I think I&#039;ve been on every prescribed and otc meds out there. I was frustrated. Until I asked about elavil and it was a god send. The only side effect I noticed was constipation. Maybe increase in appetite too."
"I was diagnosed in 1989. I was an 18 year boy at the time. After several years of miss diagnosis I was diagnosed in the mid 90&#039;s with bipolar disorder. I&#039;ve been on a lot of different medications, most I don&#039;t remember very well but in 2003 I was hospitalized for one month and put on Zyprexa. I got my life back I am now married, own my own home and have my own business. I am now were I want to be. The down side is I went from 180lbs to 240 lbs in 5 years. I am now border line diabetic, and my cholesterol level very high. I am now not on Zyprexa. The medicine did the job it is supposed to but my doctor and I are looking for a medication similar to Zyprexa with out the weight gain."
"This birth control is absolutely terrible. Before getting the nexplanon I never experienced depression like I do now. I&#039;ve had it for almost a year. I workout constantly, but this is making me gain weight like crazy and I can&#039;t lose it no matter what I do! I do not recommend this at all."
"I have daily anxiety and was on Ativan for a while and while I loved the Ativan I was looking for something longer acting - my psychiatrist tried me on Xanax XR 0.05mg. For me, this medicine is a God send. In the beginning when I first starting taking it I did notice some slight dizziness and &#039;weird&#039; feelings but I stuck with it and once it regulated in my system (about 3-4 weeks) I feel totally normal and calm on it with zero side effects. I have since upped my dose to the 1mg Xanax XR twice daily if I need it, but some days I only take one pill to get me through the day and deal with the anxiety at night since I&#039;m home and then take a pill in the morning like normal. My advice would be to start it on the lowest dose and work your way up."
"This pill made me absolutely crazy. I&#039;m a generally happy, outgoing person and Larin made me super depressed and I never wanted to leave my bedroom. I can&#039;t remember a day that went by that I didn&#039;t sob uncontrollably for absolutely no reason. I stopped it taking it, needless to say. It did regulate my periods and controlled acne, but other than that my life sucked. Depends on the person though."
"This medicine is amazing!  I was on Viibryd for 2 years and still suffered, but now I feel &quot;normal&quot; and am interested in life once again.  I do have nausea and have trouble falling asleep, but those are tolerable; depression is difficult to tolerate."
"I took Plan B 26 hours later just in case. I felt a little nausea and had a headache about two hours after taking it so I went to sleep. Two days later I got my period. I can&#039;t really tell if it was early or late because my period has always been erratic, but I was happy to get it. 
My advice is do not take this pill very often because it is not designed for frequent use because of the high dosage. Get on regular birth control and avoid mistakes. 
Overall my experience was good, symptoms are not very severe and went away quickly."
"I was on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 3 months. I just stopped taking it didn&#039;t even finish the pack. I noticed I was eating A LOT more, constant appetite. I step on the scale to see I&#039;ve gained about 20lbs never before had I ate like that. My breasts as well got noticeably bigger. My emotions were up and down horrible mood swings and depression as well. I would have no cramping barely any bleeding which was great since I was used to such bad cramping and heavy periods. I&#039;ve been off for about 4 days now and I just got my period and the terrible cramps have started."
"I use this for serious post traumatic stress disorder, Major Depressive disorder, Anxiety, Flashbacks Night Sweats, Night Terrors, Anger, Mood Swings, and waking up at night not knowing where I am.
I have taken this for more than 5 years. I take up to 70 mg of Citalopram during the day to compliment this medication along with Valuim for Anxiety and for major Surgery that gives me muscle cramps and pain.
I give it a ten. I have no side effects from this.
I do Citalopram, and Valuim but not Mirtazapine.
Rate it at 10."
"Had my knee pop and pain was horrid.  Could not walk; took 2 Aleve,  then there was no pain could walk much better.  Glad for such a wonderful medicine."
"I&#039;m amazed at how well this is helping me. I got postpartum anxiety and it was taking over my life I started to feel like I was going nuts and became withdrawn and sick mentally. I&#039;ve been on this for four days now at a 1/2mg and it&#039;s worked wonders I feel like I&#039;m getting my life back already."
"Doctor prescribed this after a bad reaction to Zoloft. Minus the dry mouth,  I an having great results.  I take 50 Mg. I am able to get to sleep easily.  I still dream,  but it has greatly reduced the tossing, turning and night terrors. I wake up refreshed which is helping to reduce my depression as well. I have none of the dizzy spells or groggy feelings.  This is much better than the Ambien I was on years ago."
"I chose this method after my body rejected 3 IUD&#039;s. I had never had a baby, but I wanted a long term and effective method of birth control. I found this to be the best fit for me. I had great success with Depo in the past. I was on it for nearly ten years with only minimal spotting. When I did spot I took estrogen supplements and stopped spotting in a couple days.
It didn&#039;t hurt at all when I got it. It hasn&#039;t given me any problems the whole time I had it. My only concern is what will happen when I get it taken out."
"This really works. Battled with acne, pimples, rosacea most of my life. Been taking this for 8 months. The difference is so good. I am 44, in Australia it is a cheap medication. Doctor says to stay on it as a low dose. Worries me a bit, but having been off it only a week, my skin is awful. Chin outbreak of awful hard pimples. So I am going back on it. Hope that&#039;s not a bad thing on my body but I am far less stressed and happy."
"I have had a lifetime of debilitating headaches, through which pricey neurologists have determined that I have 2 types of headache going on - though perhaps not at the same time. I have severe tension headaches, as well as heachaches with a significant migraine component (I see the aura - I can tell when those are on the way). Fioricet is a fundamental front-line treatment for the tension headaches, and with Fioricet, they usually do not develop into the severe (keep me in a quiet, dark room) type, which were MUCH more frequent without Fioricet. I fully endorse it in my case."
"I have been on Xanax for a few years for anxiety and panic attacks and have found Xanax to be very helpful and not as addictive as many other medications."
"Best birth control ever. I used the patch since it came out. Now I&#039;m having a hard time finding it in stock. I&#039;ve called around and no one has it not even mail order. The generic is awful! Waste of time and money didn&#039;t stay on 24 hours. Even though it&#039;s very expensive it&#039;s worth it to me. I hate taking the pill everyday and it pains me to think that after all these years I&#039;m going to have to find another form of birth control. Please bring back the patch!"
"I have been on multiple medications for the burning and tingling and shooting pains in lower legs.
Finally have found the most rewarding relief.  I seen a endoctronologist  and she ordered a nutriotional drug called Metanex.  I take 1 capsule twice a day and the Elavil 50 mg at bedtime.  I give thanks to God and that&#039;s it.  unbelievable relief in the symptoms I have suffered with for over a year.  anyone with these symptoms should look into getting there Dr to order the Metanex for them in conjunction with the Elavil."
"I have had the most irregular periods for years as well as horrible acne. When I would get my period I had really bad cramps and it was heavy. Since starting Sronyx 3 weeks ago I have been so happy and my sex drive is way higher. My acne has gotten much better and my boyfriend has said sex feels better (I agree) I should be getting my first period since starting the pill this week!"
"While it does prevent pregnancy, it has many negative side effects. I experienced weight gain (weight that won&#039;t go away no matter how much exercise I do), frequent acne break outs, and negative mood. However it does what it&#039;s supposed to do and keeps my period very regular. I plan on continuing my use of Chatel just because it&#039;s my only option and it was free from Planned Parenthood."
"I have been on Simponi since 11/09.  Took a couple of months to kick-in, and seems to wear off about the 3 1/2 weeks.  Best results I have ever had.  Did not use with Methotrexate due to had neuropathy symptoms when I take Methotrexate.  I have had rheumatoid arthritis for 18 years and I am 55 years old, been on every RA medicine, Simponi is the best for me."
"1 is the lowest score option, but the ParaGard actually deserves a negative rating. It did it&#039;s job for birth control, but wreaked havoc on me both physically and mentally. Unfortunately, I didn&#039;t make the connection between my ailments (extreme fatigue, anxiety, depression, digestive problems,  just to name a few) and the IUD until many years after insertion. After spending a fortune on doctors, tests, etc  to find out what was wrong, I still had no answers, except to be put on a variety of medications to treat symptoms. I did some research and finally made the connection-copper toxicity from the ParaGard IUD. Years of my life had been sucked away from me and my family  that I can never get back. Symptoms still persist a year post removal."
"I&#039;m into month three with Contrave. It&#039;s has curbed my cravings for sweets. Food was constantly on my mind, and now food doesn&#039;t own me. That alone is a miracle. I have only lost 10 pounds but that is my fault since I still eat burgers (albeit not the whole thing like before) and haven&#039;t exercised. But I haven&#039;t gained weight which is what I was doing beforehand. I&#039;m just happy having a &#039;normal&#039; relationship with food now."
"I&#039;m 14 years old, and my dermatologist prescribed Doryx for me for 2 months and all it did was create worse acne. I have no idea why it didn&#039;t work, but I was put on Sulfamethoxazole about a week ago, and I already see a difference. My dermatologist said this drug is almost the same as Doryx, but has a different molecule in it. If you are going to try Doryx, I would definitely take it with food. With Doryx I threw up 4 times because I didn&#039;t take it with enough food."
"My son is 6 they started him off on Concerta he seemed fine we had minimal complaint the only downside is everyday around 7 he would be in moods over silly things, but it would pass. Now the Vayvanse had him in &quot;HULK&quot; mode as he would describe it. He was very snappy and angry and became aggressive with the kids at school, (which was never an issue before). I hated that stuffed. I&#039;m beginning to realize that finding the right meds is going to be a HUGE task."
"I was diagnosed with ovarian cysts and endometriosis at 18 years old (very early to find). I&#039;ve suffered 4 years of this before I got diagnosed until eventually I was rushed to the hospital from the pain. My only option was lupron depot shot, I got the 11mg one. Worst decision of my life. I am thankful for having 100% coverage because it would&#039;ve been a waste of money. I feel sad, depressed, anxious, its awful. I already have depression and anxiety. I feel like I&#039;m going through withdrawals, I get heat flashes, the pills they give, what they call norlutate, didn&#039;t help the symptoms, I&#039;ve noticed they made it worse, I had headaches every single day. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this shot. I&#039;m still having period pain and its been 3 month"
"I am newly diagnosed with LC, I am 38 years old and suffered with various GI issues for years.  Finally got a diagnosis and was started just last week on Asacol 800 mg tabs three times a day.  I have noticed that the diarrhea is slightly less frequent and less explosive after only one week.  I am hopeful, especially after reading the other user&#039;s comments, that this will help me."
"I felt like crap 36 hours ago (headache, toothache, congested nose) but feel SO much better after 4 doses. I should have gone to the doctor sooner. Mild impact on my digestion, but I&#039;ll take that any day in lieu of the debilitating headache and toothache I was experiencing."
"The first two days on Pristiq I felt really heavy and out of it. I knew it was working when the initial shock to my body passed - I was ready to give something a chance for my anxiety and major depression. So, two weeks on it I&#039;m starting to feel a lot happier. but there has been some slight apprehension along the way due to some side effects: constipation and worried about other potential SE&#039;s from SNRI&#039;s but this medication seems to be pretty mild (50mg) and has been helping to level out my Serotonin - norepinephrine levels."
"I tried Victoza 0.6 a few months ago, had severe dizziness 24/7; stopped. Wanted to try it again, as I have to lose weight and am insulin resistant. This time started at 0.3 (5 clicks). Had the headaches (head, neck), burping + some nausea, but stuck w it for 3+ weeks before moving up to 0.6. After 2+ wks of 0.6, I&#039;m now at 0.9, largely w/o side effects except constipation. My endocrinologist says the best weight loss is at 3.0, but at 0.9, I&#039;m absolutely seeing wt loss (6 lbs in a month) and noticing distinct lack of hunger. I&#039;m cautiously giving it a rating of 8, because it still beats amphetamine-like appetite suppressants. If you have trouble, start very low and take your time moving up; so far, I believe it&#039;s worth it."
"If I could rate this a &quot;0&quot;, I would.  I took this Mucinex for the first time in the evening and woke up with what I believe to be &quot;polyps&quot; in my nose.  There are several hard bumps in my nose...the kind that if you pick at them, they will bleed.  I am appalled at the results and not sure where to turn next."
"I have taken Remeron for 3.5 years.  I was experiencing a family crisis, was anxious, depressed and could not sleep.

I have taken every antidepressant on the market.  They might work for a year then nothing.  

You MUST go on Remeron slowly. 1/4 of the dissolving tablet for a week, then 1/2 for a week or 2.  I was told never, never to start with a whole dose or to quit cold turkey.  TITRATE is the key.  I get real food cravings late at night.  But, I don&#039;t eat. Remeron is the best antidepressant I have ever taken."
"After having chronic constipation for several years and having nothing but laxative, I was prescribed Amitiza. I have been on it for 3 weeks and can&#039;t take it. I have bloating so bad and am backed up that I must return to my laxatives. Back to the doctors for a specialist referral. Good luck to all others though."
"I was able to take this medication for 6 weeks. Two weeks were from my doctors samples, and I was able to purchase an additional month. For the first time I was experiencing wonderful control of my diabetes. I must also say, I had gastric sleeve surgery (stomach stapling) almost a year ago. I wanted to try this medication when my A1c was not going down fast enough, with my weight loss.
Unfortunately I will no longer be able to take Farxiga. I am on Social Security, and the price of this drug will send me into the &quot;donut hole&quot; very rapidly. When that happens, and I believe that to be by June 2016, I will be forced to pay the full cost of ALL my meds, out of pocket.  I am not eligible for any help from anyone. This is extremely upsetting."
"After having severe headache and vomiting with a sulfa drug, I was put on Macrobid for my UTI.  I got a little headache after second dose, but popped a Tylenol.  Also, made sure I took my pills with food. I was able to finish the full regimen and although the UTI took a bit longer to get kicked out, the Macrobid worked.  It really wasn&#039;t bad at all to take.  I have many food allergies, too, and was able to tolerate Macrobid pretty well."
"Aleve heavily advertised for 12 hour pain relief.  Also recommended by a friend.  Tried as desperate for all day pain relief from sciatic nerve.  No effect whatsoever, persevered for a week, no relief, even with recommended stretching."
"I have been given the Butrans patches and then I was taken off them due to a allergic reaction with them then I was put onto the 150 mcg of the Belbuca I was on that for months and I was being honest with the dr and told them that it wasn&#039;t helping with my pain so they upped it to the 300 mcg and left me on it for 2 months and still no relief. I just had a visit this month and I was just upped again and once again my unused meds are being flushed infront of me because I go to a pain clinic and am now taking 450 mcg and needless to say this junk still is not working. I have had shot after shot and have even had surgery I don&#039;t know what else to do. All I want is relief is that too much to ask? They claim this is the only thing they have."
"STAY AWAY. I wish I would give this evil medication a 0. This medication can make you question your sanity. I suffered from out of the blue panic attacks, dizziness, racing thoughts - the entire gambit of unstable mental capacity. I was so scared that I started calling local shrinks. I&#039;ve taken this medication twice and each time has caused me some serious side effects. Be careful what you put in your body and it got three times worse when I stopped taking it. I ended up in the ER after a panic attack for absolutely no reason. I spoke with a couple OBGYNs and every one indicated that any medication (especially this one) with Tri- before it would do serious damage to you. Do your research before you take these meds. Save yourself the agony."
"I am thankful to Yaz. Within a few days it cleared up my skin just as I hoped, but I did not expect it to work so fast. My chest has gotten a lot bigger but other than that I have not gained any weight. I seem to have lost my appetite as well; which makes it easier to make healthier food choices. Also, I seem to have more mood swings and am a little more depressed."
"I started on the treatment 10 days ago! I have had Hep C for 27 years! Slight nausea first few days! Last 2 days feel absolutely amazing! Heaps of energy and no brain fog hallelujah! Am so excited! What a wonderful drug for a hideous virus!!THANKU!!"
"This is the most amazing medicine! I am on day 7, 50mg. I am able to focus, I have energy, my appetite is in control, I am calm, no sexual side affects. I couldn&#039;t be happier. Also what I have noticed, my addictive tendencies are gone, like wanting wine almost every night to help me wind down, no longer need it. I take it in the morning when I wake up. I can&#039;t wait to be off the medicine someday were I can be my old self again, but this has been a good start to my help. I took Zoloft 100mg for 2 months and gained 10 pounds. Wellbutrin, made me actually overeat as well, and I was so hyper. I guess to each his own, and I have finally found mine."
"AVOID, AVOID. I was prescribed this for what was diagnosed as a bacterial upper respiratory infection. Have never had issues with antibiotics before. Yes, it improved my symptoms from the infection....but every day, I had a POUNDING heartbeat in the mornings...and it was causing profound fatigue and weakness every day. Didn&#039;t figure it out until after I took it the morning of day 5 and did some research. I STOPPED THAT TOXIC MEDICINE then and there.  It&#039;s now 48 hours after I stopped it and I still have easy fatigue and palpitations. AVOID!!!!"
"It works just as well or better than the regular/tab pills.
It&#039;s onset it fast, 10 minutes after completely dissolved under the tongue *sub-lingual* obviously. It has a bad sweet taste but I got used to it quickly.  Takes about 8 minutes to dissolve.  There&#039;s no heaviness like the CR&#039;s or anything like that. Seems it does the trick for easier and faster sleep."
"I was prescribed Tramadol for lower back pain.  I knew that Vicodin worked for me and was weary at first.  It is a great substitute. It just cuts through the pain and lets you function normally."
"I&#039;ve had very bad back and butt acne for 14 years.I have always put off taking accutane as I heard of the horrible side effects. I went to the doctor for a bad spot of acne that needed to be cut open. He said I have to go on accutane and explained the side effects. Lets do it cause I can&#039;t carry on like this any more.The pain ,the bleeding and the fact I haven&#039;t taken my shirt off in public for 14 years. I was very worried about taking it. Started in December 2016. I&#039;ve been on it for 4 months already and its made a huge difference to my back and butt. My butt is taking a bit longer and that was explained to me before taking it. I have had very little break out on my back and its almost cleared. thou I have dry skin and very dry lips so far but worth it."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about four years now and it&#039;s been great. I only get my period when I forget to take the medicine. It alleviates acne and cramps. I recommend asking your gyne if this is right for you."
"Let me start off by saying that I&#039;ve done my research on Atenolol--it doesn&#039;t have the greatest track record, and there&#039;s a lot of evidence coming out saying that it doesn&#039;t actually protect your heart or arteries from damage.

But Atenolol is the only thing that has worked to control my heart. I used to have high BP (160/100) and tachycardia at times, but as soon as I started taking Atenolol, it was like I was normal again. And I can definitely tell a difference when I stop taking it.

I get a little shortness of breath very infrequently and my pulse is sometimes under 60bpm, but it&#039;s the one drug that has worked for years. I wish I could find something better/more effective, but I haven&#039;t yet. Tried Losartan, Vasartan, and a few others."
"This is the cornerstone of my treatment for Bipolar.  It has given me the most stability of any medicine I&#039;ve tried.  Since I started taking it in 2004, I&#039;ve had the most stability I could possibly have.  I was an ultra rapid cycler, cycling up and down several times a day.  This took away the cycles.  I was able to get married, move to a new state, and have a great career.  When I started it, I had a huge surge of energy and was manic at first.  But it settled down.  It makes me tired if I take too much at one time.  And I can&#039;t take it before sex because it&#039;s a little tough on libido, although I can still have sex after I take it, it&#039;s just not as good.  Diet Mountain Dew can cause tardive dyskenisia with this. Brominated veg oil."
"I was put on cymbalta to combat the mood and pain problems associated with fibromyalgia. It dilated my eyes, which led to light sensitivity and headaches. I also grew steadily more and more exhausted and confused and foggy. I was depressed. The doctors insisted that the side effects would abate after about six weeks, but they were so debilitating I had to seek out disability accommodations at school and drop one of my classes. After about a month I woke up one morning feeling very strange, and a few hours later had a seizure and sprained my jaw and have had jaw pain ever since. At the emergency room, they told me that the cymbalta was the likely culprit. Essentially, this drug made my life unbearable."
"It was ten minutes before my 30 minute puddle jumper flight. A friend knew of my sickness and handed me box of Marzine and said take one so I did. What difference, no side effects no sickness. Was not sleepy or tired. Felt GREAT after flight."
"I&#039;ve only been using it for 3 days and I haven&#039;t used or needed my pump once. I usually use the pump at least once a day. It might be too soon to tell, but I haven&#039;t had any side effects and I&#039;m not winded when walking up the steps like prior to using Advair."
"I have started taking Paxil CR 12.5 mg six months ago, for my stuttering and fear of talking. In the beginning I felt slightly down and kind of panicky, but after 1 week those bad feelings went away completely. 

It has helped me a lot. I can say that my stuttering has improved. I am 80% fluent most of the time and even if I stutter I don&#039;t care that much anymore. I also feel closer to people and more confident in general. I feel happier also, and lost 4 kg due to the appetite loss and feeling full earlier.

Sex drive has decreased a bit, but it does not interfere in my relationship. 

Somedays I get bursts of anger over small things.

It has also cured my insomnia.

Sometimes I feel dizzy but it is not bad and goes away fast."
"Diagnosed with ADD this year, I initially wanted to go without medications. Being a senior in college I have deadlines, and I noticed my grades suffering significantly. I decided to give medications a try. My doctor prescribed a 6-wk starter pack of Strattera (25-80mg). I noticed a difference in attentiveness but after week 4 I felt lethargic, unmotivated, sad, impatient, VERY irritable, and depressed. I didn&#039;t go to class, didn&#039;t turn in homework and my grades took a deeper dive in that month. My psychiatrist then prescribed Vyvanse (30mg). I have been on it for a month and it helps ME stay focused without losing sleep and decreasing my appetite, best of all my grades are improving! My worse side effect is dry mouth.
Hope this helps(:"
"I took Linzess earlier this year when I was constipated constantly from IBS and gastroparesis. It either gave me diarrhea or didn&#039;t work. Then my bowels normalized for a while so I quit taking it.
About two weeks ago, the constipation started again, so I began taking it again. This time it was wonderful. I haven&#039;t had diarrhea; instead, it gives me a regular bowel movement each day and I don&#039;t have to stay at my house for several hours after I take it to make sure I stay near a bathroom. I&#039;m on the higher dose of it. This is the way I had hoped it would work from the beginning."
"I have suffered with OIC for many years because of intractable pain and opioid medicine usage.  Its not uncommon to have to take a medicine daily such as miralax but occasionally its just not enough.  I had a few of the ducolax suppositories and felt the discomfort of three day constipation was worth the probable experience.  I have taken this medicine many times and usually the same results.  First and always DRINK PLENTY OF WATER.I CANT STRESS THIS ENOUGH.  IT WILL ONLY HELP.  Depending on how long you can hold the suppositories in... for me there is cramping within 5 minutes, uncomfortable but not horrible.  If i can continue to hold it in and only pass a little gas, from start to finish is less than an hour.  Works yes, worth it, mostly"
"I had mine for about one month now. I have 4 kids so the insertion was nothing more than a pap smear. There was spotting for about two days but no cramps. I am still breastfeeding my child so I don&#039;t expect to get a period till she is one. 

The only downside is that it is uncomfortable during sex. There is some pain either because of the IUD or because of the childbirth and the  breastfeeding making it very dry down there. My husband can only say that it feels awkward. 

I have a follow up appointment in a week and will be asking the doctor about it"
"I decided to have ETS when I was in my early 30&#039;s after suffering for many years from acute underarm sweating. While successful, subsequent compensatory sweating (including gustatory sweating) created a whole new set of problems. This has mostly been easier to disguise and manage but it is a constant worry and a nightmare in the summer months.

20 years later, I discovered Propantheline Bromide and then Lyrinel XL. The former did have a noticeable benefit when taken early morning well before food but efficacy deteriorated with subsequent top ups in the day. The Lyrinel XL, if allowed to build up a few days, seems much longer lasting and has fewer side effects. Early days and not a complete cure but a massive improvement."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Lo Fe for 9 months now and love it. I was diagnosed with PMDD 10 years ago and tried Yaz and Yasmin unsuccessfully before finding Lo Lo Fe. This has been the only pill that works for me. I actually lost weight after my body adjusted to the hormones. I was on this pill for several years and then took a break for 12 months as I take it continuously. I won&#039;t EVER do that again&mdash;it took about 8-10 months for my body to adjust and then the PMDD came back with a vengeance. Mood swings, insane food behavior, migraine, weight gain, no sex drive&mdash;it was horrible. I got back on Lo Lo Fe last April and by August my body adjusted. Has been great ever since. Only downside is my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it so I pay out of pocket every month."
"My doctor like so many others I&#039;m reading, left it up to me to decide which drug to try first. I have systemic health issues, MS is just one of them on the list. I tried the Avonex pen Monday 12/5/16, and the side effects sent me to the ER yesterday. 5 days of misery. I&#039;m having trouble urinating, complete body muscle pain when I move, dizzy, and non stop random chills sweats. Its intolerable. Here&#039;s what you need to know that the drug companies and doctors aren&#039;t telling us. There&#039;s no drug to counteract the side effects from this drug and it will be in your system for 30days. To hear this from the ER doctor sent me over the edge. I would&#039;ve NEVER tried this drug had I&#039;d known this. Not to mention the non stop calls from Bio   wallgreens."
"One week one, 100 mg week two, 200 mg half way into third week, diarrhea, feel hungover, only sleeping 3 to 4 hours a night, horrible anxiety like something bad is going to happen, getting angry at just about anything. This medication isn&#039;t for me."
"I was very depressed after my divorce 11 years ago. I would cry easily everyday. My doctor put me on Lexapro 20 mg a day. After a few weeks I was calm and able to handle the difficulties that I had to face. I have never stopped taking it but have cut back to 10mg per day. Each time I try to ween off Lexapro I get very emotional again. My only negative effect has been weight gain. Not happy about the weight gain, but it beats crying at the drop of a hat."
"Been on 7.5 for 5 months and lost 20 lbs (need to lose about 40 total).  Weight loss was slow but I never would have lost it without the drug (and I exercise about 5x a week). I had some side effects such as irritability, dry mouth and mild tingling in feet. In the fifth month I felt the drug has lost its effectiveness and am about to start the next level up.  Hopefully this will give me the same loss of interest in food as the 7.5. Thinking of joining Weight Watchers to learn how to eat properly when I get off the meds."
"I am 37 yrs old and have been a smoker for 23 years.  I am currently on day 12 of Chantix. I absolutely LOVE it!! I have now been smoke free for 3 days and I have NO desire to smoke! I actually set my quit date for Day 24 which would be Thanksgiving Day..but, I stopped so much sooner! Since moving up to the 1Mg tablet, my desire to smoke decreased, and I was smoking less and less. On day 9, I went to smoke my morning cigarette, took about 3 puffs, and ended up throwing up terribly because they tasted so bad! That was enough for me to just stop, and I did! My side effects aren&#039;t too bad. I feel a little nauseated when I take it, but it goes away. I&#039;m having vivid dreams which are interesting but not scary at all! Hoping I stay smoke free!"
"I&#039;ve taken magnesium citrate before and last time it worked in about 40 minutes..this time I took it and its almost been 9 hours and nothing. I am getting real frustrated now

**update- about a half an hour after posting I drank some coffee hoping it would make me poop, about thirty minutes after drinking coffee it finally came, about 9 hours after drinking 10oz magnesium citrate. 10:00pm- 7:00am"
"I&#039;ve been taking Midrin for about ten years for my migraines. It works great if taken on time. When it was taken off the market I went through so many trial and errors with different medications that were prescribed..finally after almost 2 years without Midrin my doctor wrote me a script for Midrin and told me that I can take it to a compound pharmacy...But you have to pay out of pocket...which I do because it helps me sooo much.."
"Caused excessive weight gain (60+lbs) very quickly (despite me eating LESS), caused a weird decrease in cognitive ability, higher blood pressure (I already have hypertension, thanks), elevated blood sugar levels and probably other things I&#039;m forgetting... I&#039;ve been put on this against my will repeatedly because it&#039;s a Medicaid favored drug in my state, but it DOES NOT WORK FOR ME. I still have Medicaid but go to a private pay shrink because he listens."
"I started this medication within three weeks of diagnosis in September 2015. My initial concerns and scares about side effects quickly turned out to be untrue. Apart from tiredness and join pain in the first few weeks, I have virtually no side effects from the medication. I take it in the evening and aim to have 100% adherence. It is remarkable what science has done in the last 30 years since this condition emerged. One of the drugs in the pill, dolutegravir has a long binding time and so far has had no resistance.I look forward to the results of trials with dolutegravir monotherapy. This would be even better in using only one drug to control the virus. I&#039;d recommend Triumeq to anyone starting treatment or those considering a switch."
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for a little over a year for depression and anxiety. I&#039;m on 20mg since I was 14. Personally I think it was too much for my system when I first started taking it. I was like an ADHD child. Couldn&#039;t calm down. Jumping around everywhere and could barely sleep at night. And with me being a 100lb 14 year old; my mother thought so too. Now that I&#039;m 16, I think this medication isn&#039;t working for me anymore. I&#039;m becoming more and more depressed and my anxiety level is at its highest. I keep having panic attacks also. Prozac was amazing for me up til now. But I do believe that my body has gotten used to this medication. I&#039;m talking to my doctor soon as possible to maybe raise my dosage."
"Vimpat introduced 4 days ago at 50mg on top of Topamax (to be fazed out) and Tegretol. So far awful. Side effects are depression, lower back pain, mood is low, irritable, sad, day dreamy, tired, anxious. I don&#039;t feel like me anymore."
"I&#039;ve had great luck with this product for the last ten years. I&#039;m on an extremely low dose (12.5mg every 24 hours), and it controls my heart rate and blood pressure beautifully with no side effects. I have found if I take a whole 25mg. tablet a day, sometimes my feet seem a bit cold, but I&#039;d much rather have a controlled heart rate and wear socks than a heart rate in the 120s and warm feet. Overall, though, this product has been fantastic for me!"
"I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t read these reviews before getting the iud inserted---I would have been terrified! Everyone is saying how it&#039;s so painful....umm? No. I&#039;d say minor discomfort for a few seconds and that&#039;s it. I&#039;ve had a little spotting since it was inserted but nothing crazy."
"This medication is getting the job done for me. My skin tends to get pretty oily, which may be the reason this medication doesn&#039;t cause severely dry skin or flakes. Although it will bleach clothing and I woke up to a bleached pillowcase and sheets, I&#039;m continuing use and just trying to apply the second dose earlier in the evening. This is my second time using this product, the first time I was never told it needed to be refrigerated and therefore I didn&#039;t get the results I wanted, it actually made my skin worse after a while. I&#039;m still in my first week and this has already wiped out the majority of blackheads on my nose and the rest of my T-Zone. Be sure that your pharmacist mixes this correctly, as they didn&#039;t do this the first time either"
"My LVEF was about 20 when I started on Coreg following a massive heart attack.  I have used Coreg since it first came on the market.  I take 100 mg daily with no side effects.  My LVEF is now between 30 and 35.  My heart attack was 21 years ago.
Coreg has been a &quot;silver bullet&quot; for me."
"This is for Anxiety/major depressive disorder and BPD. The side effects suck. Since I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin I&#039;ve had severe dizzy spells and severe insomnia where I stay up all night and get 2-5 hours of sleep in the morning, on good days. My appetite is suppression is not as extreme as other medications I&#039;ve been on but I have lost 5 pounds on it. I like eating so I don&#039;t like that. I had my first self harm episode and it had been over a year and it was over something insignificant that happens all the time. It gave me depression. I personally haven&#039;t experienced a good thing about this med but I&#039;m giving it another month or two to work. I&#039;m hopeful."
"I started in the end of February, I was 217lbs And today it&#039;s Easter and I&#039;m at 192lbs. It is amazing and you will see results the first 2 weeks and it&#039;s free and you can decide if it&#039;s for you or not. My father tried it and it was not for him.  I&#039;m taking 1 10mg pill a day not 2 as the bottle say and it&#039;s working for me."
"I have been taking this medication for about 5 years on and off since my husband passed away suddenly.  It works very well for me no side effects I take it as needed only.  It&#039;s prescribed 0.25 2 x a day as needed.  I take half of that whenever I get anxious and feel my heart racing it stops it right away if I find myself anxious at night I take the other half.  I go days without it as well.  The trick is not to use it all the time.  Just knowing I have it helps me relax in case I should need it.  All meds are addicting if taken all the time."
"I have had panic attacks and anxiety and stress for over 10 years now. They tried everything until one Doctor put me on Xanax and it was such a relief for a while. Now I am up to 2mgs 3 times a day and my newest doctor put me on Celexa 6 months ago. There was some nausea at first like he said and sleepiness but it quit after a week or two and it so mellowed me out more. The attacks are less frequent and not near as bad. So for me a God send! I know everyone is different but I have not had one bad thought and can actually go out and shop and do things without worrying about an attack! The nausea was worth working through. Thank you Celexa! It sure helped me! "
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for 5 weeks now, I was given 3 free months worth to try from my doctor. I take very good care of my skin and I was used to having acne just before a period with my oily combo skin. After the third week of taking this my skin has turned abosolutely horrible! Cystic acne which I&#039;ve never ever had in my life and I&#039;m in my mid 20&#039;s. My entire forehead and cheeks is covered in acne and even spreading to my chest, I&#039;m so upset with this birth control I do not reccommend! I will be going to my doctors tomorrow to switch to TriCyclenLo starting next month. I&#039;m fighting my acne right now with: lush cosmetic warrior mask, 10% benzoyl peroxide medicine, apricot scrub face wash, tea tree oil, and multi vitamins"
"I only took Arimidex for 1 month, after having a mastectomy. During that month I experienced severe joint pain, nausea, headaches, shortness of breath, and finally, a severe asthma attack which convinced me that I needed to stop this drug.  Almost immediately, all side effects disappeared.  Now, eight months after stopping Arimidex, and taking nothing else, I have quite severe Rheumatoid arthritis.  I was previously fit and active.  I am 70 years old. I would rather take my chances with the cancer returning than take this drug again."
"Almost week with major ear infection, went to see Doctor on a promise to &quot;Wife&quot; (I&#039;m a Man, I deal with it -  last time I had an ear infection when I was a teen).   Taking 1 Card x 6 Tablets,250mg Tab., Azithromycin.  I was alittle leery of product because it was made in India (oversight by FDA?).   Overall, only draw back first day had diarrhea, the meds did the job.    Felt much better after finishing treatment."
"It caused severe anxiety attacks along with other side effects that put me in the hospital twice in 2 days.
 
Rx (at time): Geodon, Benty, and Busiprone
Dx: Bipolar 1, Insomnia, Anxiety, and EDNOS"
"Please folks do not use Nasocort nasal spray. Long term use caused me to develop cataract in both my eyes - I&#039;m only 39 yrs old. My eye doctor has reported an increase in cataracts in younger patients from these terrible chemicals. Please think twice before using!!"
"I have been on Humira for over 7 years. I first tried Remicade in 2001 and it was a miracle.  I have had psoriasis since age 14 and Psoriatic arthritis since 1994 but symptoms of the arthritis since 1989. I was always a runner but gave that up in 1998 until Remicade. Remicade worked great for a few years but eventually your own body builds up antibodies to it and it stops working.  I have tried 4 other biologic medicines but always come back to Humira one shot a week.  Over the years it has stopped working as well but I notice the difference when I do not take my shot. Still pretty miserable but still able to work full time and take care of my family.  The IL 17 inhibitors are coming out soon and they look very promising."
"I am 22 years old. I have been on just about all ADHD medications. For the last 4 years I have been on Adderall XR 20mg (just got put on Adderall XR 30 mg). This drug is amazing in helping wake up, pay atteinoin and working better. "
"I break the 25 MG tbs into THIRDS and take it about an hour before bed. I try to have at least 7 hours for sleeping.  More is better. Only feel groggy when my sleep time is less than 7 hours. Love it! I also use the generic versions."
"Read a lot of bad things about Seroquel on the web. After a couple days tried it myself (100 mg a night) and I&#039;ve found it amazing. It really helps with my anxiety and my hyperactive behavior. Just feel a lot more calm and settled in general. Don&#039;t believe everything you read. Just try it for a few nights and see how it suits you. Everyone is different."
"I&#039;ve been using this cream alongside the pill (dianette) for about 4 months now. My god it&#039;s amazing! My face had moderate acne before, and quite noticeable and very red. Now, my skin is so great that I actually prefer my face without makeup and I was always a thick foundation kind of person. Can&#039;t recommend it enough!"
"I had been taking Lexapro for years until September 2011.  I did not know what was happen to me last summer and my doctor was running all of these different tests on me.  I was fine except the Lexapro wasn&#039;t working anymore and I was having more panic attacks. This is when my medication was switched to fluoxetine. I have felt so much better since then and I haven&#039;t had any more problems."
"Dilaudid has worked great for me. I have episodes of significant back pain due to several disk injuries. I usually just need short term relief (2-4 hours). I found that other medicines such as Vicodin and Percocet would take care of the pain but I couldn&#039;t fall asleep despite being very drowsy. Dilaudid works great."
"Had Sinusitis for ten days, finally went on Augmentin 1g, after a couple of days my symptoms had 80% resolved. I&#039;m on day 4 now and all symptoms have 100% resolved. No side effects. Great antibiotic."
"I starting taking Zoloft 8 weeks ago. I was extremely stressed out and was suffering from PTSD due to a bad car accident. After about 1 1/2 wks I really noticed a difference. Not stressed anymore but I do feel a bit Zombie like. I also have a problem with memory and focusing. Also really tired at night. Overall right now I guess it is worth the trade off. Also have intestinal issues but hope it will go away."
"I have been on Qsymia for 5 weeks now and have lost a total of 17 lbs.  I am 5&#039;2&quot; and on January 7, 2014 I weighed 196 lbs.  Today is 2//16/14 and I am down to 179 lbs. The only side effects I experienced are dry mouth and tingling in my toes once in a while. I have not had time to exercise and I still eat fast food once in a while but I skip the fries and soda as I do not have a desire for them or sweets anymore."
"Took 2tbsp before i went to bed at 10 pm.  Definitely drink water with it..it dries your mouth out.  Could tell something was happening in my stomache and had two normal bowel movements throughout the night.  I didnt feel compfeel completely relieved yet but refrained from taking anymore and im glad i did!  By 630 the next morning I had to go again and didnt leave the commode for a good 20 minutes...everything definitely cleaned out.  Geyser is the term that comes to mind without being overly descriptive.  2tbsp was enough in my case for a small framed female 113 pounds constipated for 3 days.  Dont take more be patient.  Def. Using this from now on, but will be switching to flavored for sure."
"I have been on this medication for two months and it is a lifesaver.  I take 50mg twice a day for anxiety, and 200mg before sleep for insomnia.  Now I sleep 8-10 hours every night.  The only side effect for me is a little dry mouth, and that is no big deal for me, especially with how well the 50mg twice a day handles my anxiety."
"Today is day 84, my last day on Harvoni.  I had lab work done at 25 days, which came back detectable.  Then at day 74  labs again.  The last lab came back undetectable.  however my doctor wants me taking another 12 weeks due to having cryoglobulins.  the only side effect I&#039;ve felt was being more tired than i already was.  basically no side effects."
"My son is 10 yrs old and has ADHD. He has been on the patch for 4-5 months and the only side effects that he has is a redness where the patch was. Other than that, its a miracle patch. His grades have doubled and the lowest grade he has gotten is one C. He wears it from 5:30am-3:30pm. I love it, it calms him down and he is happy to do his homework. I can only praise this medicine. Some will give negative and positive reviews about the patch because it will effect everyone differently."
"I&#039;ve only had mine since January of this year and so far I love it. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, mood swings or any of the other side effects that I&#039;ve read about. I&#039;ve had very light periods since it&#039;s been inserted. I would recommend this to all of my friends."
"I&#039;m a 66 yrs old Caucasian male, who&#039;s suffered an increase in blood pressure from my late 50&#039;s. In reading the reviews I&#039;ve realized how many side effects I&#039;ve been experiencing. 
Swollen feet and ankles, Chronic tiredness, Multiple night time awakenings, Leg cramps, Significantly decreased libido.
This last effect is what grabbed my attention most severely, so I will stop taking Bystolic. "
"Do not use. 
If you are one of the people that have an adverse reaction to
this drug, it can be really bad.  
It just cost me my job and career. Almost died. I contacted
Pfizer twice for help and they ignored me.
Then they came out with all the warnings!!!"
"I took my first dose of Cymbalta last night and woke up in the early morning seriously nauseated and actually vomited.  I went to work and I am struggling to stay awake.  I already nodded off a couple of times.  I don&#039;t think this med is going to work for me."
"This drug has been out there a long time, but it&#039;s tried and true.  I&#039;ve evened out my ups and downs and don&#039;t have as bad of temper as I did before starting Paxil.  I&#039;ve taken it for 4 years on the advice of my Gastro doctor.  My daughter says that she has REALLY noticed a difference and I feel much better.  I just wish I had found it earlier in life.  No side effects unless I forget a dose and then I get a little achy."
"I am now in my 7th week of using Epiduo, I had a really bad Acne after I got the IUD contraceptive which broke me out so much. I even had my wedding with loads of bumpy acne and pimples on my face it was so bad. 
My doctor prescribed Epiduo to me after I rejected the Duac as the burning sensation was unbearable. I began using Epiduo precisely on the 18/12/2015 and Its has been amazing. Please stick with it and don&#039;t apply too much on the affected area. Don&#039;t worry if you break out even more when you start, it&#039;s part of the healing process and with time you will see amazing result. I also started my period today and I can only see 2-3 pimple compare to like 20 or more that I usually get whenever I start. The point is, it really work."
"I have asthma and have had respiratory problems my whole 27 years. When I get sick, I get sick as a dog for long periods of time. Needless to say, I have been prescribed to several different antibiotics over the years and each of them helped. However, everytime I have taken cephalexin I have noticed an almost immediate result. So immediate that it is shocking. Currently, I am prescribed 500mg 3x per day for 10 days and I haven&#039;t had any side effects aside from feeling tired but every antibiotic does that to me. Cephalexin is by far the best antibiotic I have had. Everyone reacts differently though so we all have to find which medications work best for our bodies."
"My doctor put me on this medication because she was unwilling to give me Xanax or any medication in its category for my anxiety. 5 days ago I started taking this medication 50 mg at night. Second day I noticed a numb feeling in my mouth and trouble falling asleep. 3rd day I noticed an unwillingness to get off my recliner. I didn&#039;t want to do anything. By the  4th day I was having cold sweats and throwing up ! So sick to my stomach which made me more depressed.
      No thanks! I threw it in the garbage and called the pharmacy to refill  my lexapro."
"Initially, I took the low dosage and flow improved for about a week.  Then the condition worsened.  My doctor then upped my dosage to two pill per day.  Same thing happened initially - flow improved and then reverted back to the prior condition.  But as I continued to use the drug (2 times a day) the improved condition returned.  Sometimes the flow is better than other times - like when my bladder is more full.  Trips to the bathroom at night were reduced to 0 to 1 time.  

Side effects.  Initially, I experienced many side effects - runny noise, minor headache, aches and weakness in my back and shoulder, and retrograde ejaculation.  Retrograde ejaculation is the only side effect that seems to persist."
"I took plan b after an accident. I am also on birth control &amp; take it regularly. However, just the be on the safe side we still decided it would be a good option. However, it did make my period about a week late &amp; it was super super lite."
"I have fibromyalgia and Pars Defect (slipped disc in L5, S1). I take morphine sulfate 30mg 3 x daily, Neurontin 600mg 3x daily. I have noticed a HUGE improvement in the movement of my body. I can actually bend over without falling to my knees in pain. Before I was taking morphine I could tell a difference on the days where I was not taking daily dose of the Neurontin. My body would ache and the pain would be awful and distracting. My arms, shoulders, lower back and shooting/dull ache down my legs would flare up when driving or sitting for a period of time. Now I am able to sit without needing to lay down every 20-30 minutes. The price is reasonable for those without insurance. Hope this helps!"
"On 50mg for 4 weeks then increased to 100mg for depression, panic attacks and obsessional thinking. I had few side effects, a slight hand tremor, yawning and difficulty sleeping. The only thing that lingered was the insomnia, but now that has settled down and I sleep okay. I feel so much better, panic attacks gone, obsessive compulsive disorder gone and my mood is lifting daily. I am enjoying life again and this medicine has been so right for me."
"I suffer chronic anxiety, negative thoughts and daily panic attacks. Have taken Xanax, Klonopin, Valium and Ativan. I can&#039;t believe it but Tramadol actually works better for anxiety than all these benzos put together. I haven&#039;t taken my daily 4mg of klonopin but am feeling fantastic and very chilled on Tramadol. They should approve this stuff for both Anxiety and Depression, it&#039;s incredible."
"Was on the combined pills before that made me crazy. But this pill actually doesn&#039;t do any of that for me. Sure I&#039;ve gained like 20 pounds in the few months I have been taking it. I have a few more cramps then usual. No abnormal bleeding. I got a little bit more acne then usual. But this pill does the trick for me."
"This stuff is absolutely amazing! I have never felt better in my entire life. I have struggled with fatigue, daytime sleepiness, and depression for the better part of my 62 years. I was constantly tired and always in need of a nap. I could not read a book or watch tv without nodding off. Now I am awake and focused all day long. It is like 5 cups of coffe with absolutely no jitter or side effects. I no longer take or need a nap during the day and my sleep pattern has improved greatly. I used to sleep less than 4 to 5 hours a night. I would wake up at 2 or 3. Now I am sleeping about 6+ hrs. The depression I have endured for 50 years is gone!  My wife cannot believe how much this drug has helped me. It is so wonderful to be enjoying life."
"Diagnosed with double hernia this weekend. Considerable pain. This is the first time I&#039;ve taken Tramadol. Pain went from a &quot;9&quot; to a &quot;2&quot;. Also I  feel better mentally and had a very good nites sleep."
"I just started taking it after my surgery for endometriosis and fibroids, I was  suffering for many years with painful cramps. I took it on my first day and started to itch unexpectedly. I continue for 1 week and had to stop taking it because the rash and itching didn&#039;t let me do anything. I have a Doctors appointment tomorrow to see if he recommends another one."
"Ativan is wonderful for dealing with a stressful job, failing marriage, aging parents and restless leg. My doctor prescribed this medication for me so I can relax at night. I was well rested and the next day I felt more energized."
"I have muscle stiffness &amp; pain at the base of my neck &amp; head, which over time caused migraines &amp; tension headaches. Botox &amp; lidocaine injections have relieved the head pain. My doctor is still working on trigger points for the pain in a few sm areas of the upper neck. He prescribed Celebrex after Ibruprofen (did nothing) &amp; Mobic (helped some). Celebrex helps the most. I believe It&#039;s bc Mobic is a selective COX2 inhibitor and the Celebrex is only COX2. It brings my pain down to between a 0-2, depending on whether I&#039;m experiencing 24-hour soreness from the injections (2) or if it&#039;s just acting up from activites like yardwork or working too long at the computer (0). I&#039;ve only been taking it for a month &amp; good so far."
"Took my first dose 4 days ago,
Having indigestion and nausea. Hoping I can lose some weight on this because it does kill cravings. I was on tanzeum and had absolutely no side effects but it is cost prohibitive. Can get this for free with mfr. coupon. Hoping the nausea goes away- its like morning sickness ladies!"
"I tried 6 different pills before finding Jolivette. I&#039;ve been on it for four years now, and haven&#039;t had a period in that time -- it&#039;s amazing! No side effects, my migraines are gone. It&#039;s been a life saver. Before Jolivette, I would have periods for up to 3 months at a time. I have recommended it to all of my friends, none of whom have had a negative experience yet."
"I felt drained went to doc and they tested me for testosterone. Was at 132. Been taking Fortesta 75 days now. Had lab results show today at 90. Dropped 42 for whatever reason. Still feel like crap. Have an appointment next Monday to see what doc thinks. I am doing 4 pumps of Fortesta a day since start, feel worse now than ever."
"I got my IUD placed 8 weeks after having my first baby. The insertion was a little uncomfortable but quick and bearable. I had cramping the first day and some spotting. So far, I&#039;ve had my first period which was very light and lasted 4 days. I&#039;ve had my IUD for a month.  I feel great. It&#039;s nice not having to worry about a pill every day especially while caring for an infant. I will rate later on after I&#039;ve had it longer also."
"I started using the generic brand which the pharmacy gave me and had really bad side effects, such as feeling depressed, listless, crying all the time which I never do, then my doctor recommended I use the name brand Alesse. I&#039;ve been on it a month with no side effects at all. I feel great. I had no cramping and a lighter period. I feel happy and myself again. I&#039;ve tried a lot of other brands all with some side effects. For me this is a great birth control."
"I&#039;ve only been on latuda 2 weeks (20 mg) so I&#039;m rating this medication based on short-term use. 

It&#039;s been wonderful so far. I&#039;ve been on Lamictal + Neurontin for the past year and a half, and I was rapidly cycling instead of feeling genuinely stable or good. 

Latuda has really stabilized me. I feel &quot;good&quot; every day, if not really good/great. I have energy, but not manic/frenzied/restless. &quot;Good mood&quot; for me always carried the additional symptom of manic/tormenting agitation. 

I was afraid to take an antipsychotic because of the fear of weight gain. However, I have had no weight gain so far on Latuda. My appetite has been the same. 

I am also sleeping well. Latuda helps me fall asleep. No major side effects."
"Was rushed to the hospital with pulmonary embolisms in both lungs - one pressing on the right ventricle of the heart - platelets so low after heparin drip they didn&#039;t think I would survive.  After a two hour trip in ambulance for an 11 day stay in major hospital, I was put on Xarelto twice a day for a week, then 20 mg daily.  That was the beginning of Feb. - 4 months ago - I have been on Xarelto daily since then with no side effects at all.  I was told I would have to be on it for life.  I don&#039;t have any diet restrictions, but I do stay away from grapefruit - that is my own choice.  I actually don&#039;t even realize I&#039;m on this med when I don&#039;t think about it."
"I&#039;ve had The Nexplanon for almost a month and it&#039;s made my period ridiculously heavy and it lasts about 7 day and I got it twice this month. I guess this is normal, my doctor said that my period will be irregular for the first 3 months but hopefully my flow gets lighter."
"I love that the amount of negative reviews are because people don&#039;t know how to get the cap off lol. It&#039;s really not that hard people... afrin is wonderful. 

Sincerely, 
The person who knows how to take a child proof cap off."
"After trying several different medicines for anxiety, my doctor tried me on a trial run of Pristiq.  I have been on it since May, and LOVE it!  I don&#039;t have any side effects - except it may make me &quot;too&quot; calm."
"Sine-off is the best on the market for runny nose, sinus headache and nasal drip that causes itchy throat and cough. It&#039;s THE ONLY thing that actually works for me and I&#039;ve tried them all. But it&#039;s almost impossible to find. Why is it when something does what it says, it gets replaced with something else that only does half and costs more. "
"I gained 15 pounds, didn&#039;t have periods just spotting, and tmi but I needed lubricant during sex which before I had no issue with hm I also was always irritable and crazy emotional and I always had weird cravings was always hungry or tired"
"I have had Implanon going on 3 years in September. I have been having unprotected intercourse for just as long and no babies for me. My periods are beginning to regulate, before I had it they were sporadic. I have had no weight gain or other issues for that matter. Overall this form of birth control is my favorite and very worth it."
"I am a 34 year old teacher from East London. I took Cialis 25mg at 9pm and I managed to get a rock hard erection which lasted nearly 24 hours. My wife also felt a remarkable difference and I was able to handle vaginal sex 3 times. Great."
"Was on the Gildess brand for almost a year and LOVED it! Went to the pharmacy to pick it up and they gave me Blisovi instead saying that it is the same exact thing. Its one month latter and I HATE it! My breast have shrunk and have gained weight in my stomach which is the last thing a girl wants! I have been having stomach problems and getting bad acne breakouts all over! It is far from the same thing I took before, glad to see I am not the only one having problems. Calling my doctor to have it switched!"
"I&#039;ve tried many medications for anxiety, panic disorder, social phobia etc. I was previously on Zoloft for 3 months with nasty side effects. I started 5mg of Lexapro on 11/13/15 and after the first day I saw significant improvement, 2 weeks later I was at 10mg. I&#039;m able to go places without panicking, and I&#039;m more social. The only side effect I have is nausea and gas but Zofran helps with that. Today I will be increasing my dose to 20mg. So far it&#039;s done awesome for me. I hope it continues to get better."
"I&#039;ve been using drysol for my underarm sweating. I never had problem with underarm sweating but it is a second effect of a medication so I wanted to give it drysol a shot after trying every single deorodant over the counter.  It does and sometimes better than others. I tried putting overnight but then when I shower in the morning if I dont put it again I will sweat a couple times during the day. But putting on after shower helps even that sometimes I sweat on one side or both. I&#039;ve burned a few times that I cannot even move my arms. I wish it comes with an applicator but at least the one I find doesnt have any. I put antiallergic cream on the sides around the armpit and that works sometimes to not getting burned... sometimes ;)."
"I was in a near fatal car accident when I was 18, I was on Morphine for 6 months. After 30 years it is catching up to me. I am in some pain now most of the time. With Oxycodone I am able to make it through the day, and work. Caution during use, if used for over 90 days, dependency could occur easily. Please be aware of this."
"Did nothing for my delusions and hearing voices. It only made me twitchy, unable to sleep, agitated and gave me extreme tremor. On only 5 mg. I much prefer olanzapine, more effective with milder side effects."
"I was prescribed this birth control about a year ago and I LOVED IT up until about two months ago. I suffer from terrible mood swings and irregular periods. I had absolutely no mood swings until about two months ago. I had regular periods, ALWAYS on time. Weight was hard to lose though. ALWAYS hungry. But all in all worked perfect. My body must have just gotten used to it. "
"53 year old female, 5&#039;6, 202 lbs. Lost 30+ lbs in 9 months by eating all &quot;fresh&quot; food (nothing from a package) and walked 10 mins 2x a day (bought a cheap bracelet pedometer that kept me motivated.) Got down to 186. Back up to 202. Asked my Dr if I could try this. Want to get to 170. Started today at 5 am! :) Will keep you posted!  Thank you all so much for sharing your stories...it is very comforting to have so many in the same boat! :)"
"I have been suffering and nothing else has worked. So I tried this and initially no pain but then it became so painful I had to remove it immediately.  I will NOT be using this again.   It caused me to have to urinate a LOT and a lot of pressure.  Don&#039;t waste your money or time."
"Super effective! I have been using it as needed for about three years now; however, tonight is the first night that it has ever kept me awake. I mean literally wide awake, cleaning my house at 3AM awake. Definitely worth it and clears up congestion instantly, but taking it in the late afternoon was a huge mistake!"
"I was put on Amitriptyline 25mg. at Mayo Clinic in 1983. After a through work up they thought I had MS, but then gave  the diagnosis of Neuropathy pain.
At this time I&#039;m taking 50mg. @ bed time, which has been the only thing that works. I&#039;m able to sleep w/o pain. Now I just tried to refill the prescription and the cost is $219.00 for 180 pills. The last time filled 12/2014 $16.00/180 pills. 
Even tho this is a Generic why the higher cost??
Just can&#039;t afford it anymore. Don&#039;t know what I&#039;m going to do. Have tried Tegratol, Cymbalta  and many others, NOTHING ELSE WORKS."
"I have been using Xiidra for over a month now and the first couple of weeks I was ready to throw it away!  But, I had some pink-eye issues that I was associating with the medicine-which obviously was not the case.  I am a teacher and I have been back at work for three weeks now and I can definitely tell a difference!!!  Am I 100% cured? No...but I feel so much better than I did at the end of the school year last year!  I am so exited about this medicine and feeling pretty normal again!!!"
"Started at 25 mg, then went to 50 mg and then to 100 mg. While my BP was not really under control (hypotension - hypertension) and my heart rate was 112 while resting and I gained 12 pounds over night. During my Cozaar experience my energy level was so much better than it had been over the previous 10 years taking lisinopril, however BP control and the side affects I experienced were just not acceptable. There has to be something out there that will work. "
"This seems to work as well as Nexium 40MG. Actually no reflux so far with this product. Very happy. Only downside is Medicare codes it tier 3, high copay."
"I have been on Tri Sprintec for 7 years and have overall had no problems with it.  I started taking it to clear up my severe acne. I had been to dermatologist after dermatologist and had been on every cream and pill to treat my acne and nothing worked until I got on Tri Sprintec.  I did not gain any weight, my skin cleared up, my periods were regulated, I did not experience any spotting or anything like that. I am changing birth control pills after this pack due to longer periods.  My period had always been about 6-7 days but the past few months it has been 10-12 days. I&#039;m not sure if the lengthened period is due to the Tri Sprintec but I never had any problems with it until recently. I would recommend Tri Sprintec to anyone."
"I was prescribed Lyrica  for fibromyalgia pain. I also have suffered from depression and generalized anxiety disorder for several years. I can not tolerate any antidepressants so I had just decided that finding a cure for my depression was a hopeless endeavor. However I needed relief from the pain of fibromyalgia and agreed to try Lyrica . After one week I felt as if my life had been given back to me. It relieves most of my pain but the best surprise was that the cloud of depression lifted and I once again could function like the person I was years ago. I had no idea how much life I was missing. I am once again going out with friends. I can now concentrate at work. I sleep at night and don&#039;t feel numb. I feel happy and normal."
"I am almost 24 and I have never been pregnant. I also work at an OB/GYN (so I have access to good information and doctors)
I was on the pill, then the nuva ring, and back on the pill. These methods made me lose my libido and I started going through waves of depression. I was going to do paragard to get rid of the hormones in my body. My doc advised to try mirena instead, and I followed her advise. 
I took pain killers before and after the procedure. I also scheduled for the near end of my cycle. The pain on a scale of 1-10 would&#039;ve been about a 6 (and that lasted about 1 minute). I went back to work, and I feel pretty normal. Everyone is different, don&#039;t let reviews sway your opinion, talk to a doctor first. Will follow up in a few months."
"I was on The Depo Provera shot for almost  10 years. I would go for 2 years and off 1. No period at all. Had the Lilletta IUD inserted at the end of April 2017. My doctor explained everything. Since I have not had kids she explained that the cervix opening was smaller so there would be discomfort.  It took 5 minutes. A little bit of pain. I had take Motrin before my appointment and later in the evening. I was told since I haven&#039;t had a period that I may not get one. My only complaint is feeling bloated and some gas. Hoping this goes away with time."
"I have a psuedocholonesterase Def. (allergic to normal anesthesia). I had a laparoscopic procedure done while under Diprivan and had no side effects from this. Psuedocholonesterase Def. can be deadly so check this out as an option."
"I have been on Depo for almost two years and it works like a charm! I never go past the 5 day period to get the shot and it is crucial for it to work to not exceed the time of your next shot. When I first started I did bleed for a month but it was not heavy. My periods lasted 8 days and cramps were horrible before the shot so it wasn&#039;t that big of a deal for me. Now I don&#039;t get periods ever and ever so often i might spot for a day or two. To be completely frank my partner and I do not use protection and I have not gotten pregnant so as far as contraceptives go this one is wonderful! I did experience dryness at first but it has since gone away."
"I was prescribed this RX because I can&#039;t lose weight, even after following a diet and exercising. I&#039;m starting on my 4th week and I am thoroughly disappointed thus far. It hasn&#039;t suppressed my appetite or controlled my cravings at ALL. Indeed, I have GAINED 5lbs since starting! Also, this week I am having pounding headaches that won&#039;t go away, as well as severe constipation. Most disappointed, as this RX was NOT covered by my insurance and it was expensive."
"I took Effexor XR 150mg for a good 10 years for depression.  Then, I switched to Zoloft due to what is considered a side-effect of Effexor:  elevated liver enzymes.  On Zoloft, I felt more anxious than I did on Effexor, but not overly so.  It was tolerable.   I continued to have same liver enzymes while on Zoloft.   It turns out the enzyme issue is not related to the medication alone, if at all.  I had a stressful life changing event and felt very anxious.  I know I felt much less anxious on Effexor so I asked to be switched back and I was.  The doctor made a general statement that he wants me on what works best for me.  However, I&#039;m pretty sure he didn&#039;t buy my anxiety theory. "
"This drug literally saved my life. Before I started taking it, there was no quality of life left. I would get so nervous around people I couldn&#039;t go out into public at all, had severe panic attacks all of the time... I&#039;ve dealt with this my entire life, and it took me 17 years being put on every anti depressant/mood stabilizer/even anti psych meds except anti anxiety meds (because doctors are too afraid to prescribe them...we have a lot of junkies here) I finally found a doctor who understands me. I take 1mg xanax 3 times a day and 1,200 mg of lithium a day. This medication has changed my life. I no longer struggle with my life, I feel like for the first time I have total control and it feels great."
"I&#039;m 16 years old and I started taking Zoloft for depression about a year ago. I started off at 25mg then 50mg and things still didn&#039;t seem to be &quot;right.&quot; I was constantly sick and throwing up, and I just felt like it wasn&#039;t working. So they bumped me up to 75mg of Zoloft, and then to 100mg. For my body and age, 100mg was a lot for me to take but it finally made me feel better. I wasn&#039;t as down, but I had awful side affects. I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat, or do anything but lay in bed and I had awful migraines. I was so sick of changing meds but I couldn&#039;t deal with being this sick so on top of the Zoloft I was prescribed Elavil. It was like night and day. Helped me sleep and took all my side effects away!"
"for a couple days I wasn&#039;t eating very well and I noticed I wasn&#039;t using the restroom regularly. I went and got fruit and stuff with high fiber and I was still stopped up except for occasional little stools. After not being able to go fully for a couple days I started getting very bad abdominal cramps and I started vomiting. I went to CVS and bought milk of magnesia took three tablespoons of it and 30 minutes later I got diarrhea. I feel better my stomach doesn&#039;t hurt anymore and I&#039;m not vomiting. I would recommend this to anyone with constipation problems but be prepared for multiple toilet trips"
"I have been taking Horizant for about a week now and my RLS has gotten significantly worse.  I am up all night walking around, stretching and massaging my legs trying to get them to stop the need to move.  This medication has not worked for me and I am hoping to get in contact with my doctor ASAP to change my medication to something that works and not makes it worse."
"I started this birth control pill 12 days ago. I&#039;m 18 years old and take it for bad cramps and excessive bleeding. Ever since I started it I&#039;ve had extremely debilitating nausea, anxiety, and loss of appetite. I stopped taking it yesterday in hopes of the terrible nausea ending. The nausea spread from my shoulders to the bottom of my sternum. I had anxiety attacks for no reason. I would not recommend this medication."
"I am a RN and have been diagnosed with undifferentiated connective tissue disorder. I was initially very hesitant to start medication due to the side effects. I have been on the medicine for three years. I have had increased joint mobility and decreased swelling. I do have my eyes examined every six months. Glad I weighed my options and gave it a try."
"I lost 3 people in family to death in 15 months. I realized I had lost interest in almost everything, didn&#039;t even watch T.V in that whole time. I finally saw an ad for Cymbalta and asked my doctor about it. It&#039;s been 2 weeks. One week on 30 mg and 1 week on 60 mg. I am already taking interest in things I used to love. No side effects. What a difference this drug has made for me.  I am a bit tired but sleep doesn&#039;t hurt anyone. "
"I&#039;ve been through all of the proton pump inhibitors. This was my last hope before resorting to surgery. Took about 10 days to kick in, but this stuff works."
"I&#039;ve been on 4 different birth control pills in the past 2 years and LoSeasonique has given me the best experience. I have a pretty bad case of endometriosis. I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for almost 5 months now and my first period was a breeze. I had cramps for only one day (usually 3-5) during my period, which only lasted 4 days. My only concern is that when I first started LoSeasonique I started getting awful migraines everyday from the minute I woke up to the minute I went to bed. Luckily after about 3 weeks these went away. I get spotting every so often but nothing that&#039;s unmanageable. I also noticed that my bloating has almost completely gone down."
"I went to my OB GYN to ask about Lexapro for some major depression &amp; anxiety I was experiencing. Lexapro had worked quite well for a friend of mine. I had previously taken Zoloft a few years prior &amp; it made my post-partum depression worse. 
I had great hopes for this drug, but it unfortunately did NOT work well for me. I felt like a zombie. I believe it gave me psychosis. I also experienced my first panic attack after being on 10 MG for 3 days. I then took 5 MG for two more days and stopped taking it all together. 
Still 3 months after stopping I am having panic attacks with some psychotic features.
I&#039;ve pulled myself out of that deep depression though. Still have bad days occasionally, but I&#039;m only taking Xanax as needed."
"I have been on a low dose of generic Lexapro for almost a month now, 5 mg, and it has drastically improved my quality of life. I was suffering from anxiety and mild depression due to other significant health problems that weren&#039;t getting better--the more I worried about my health the worse it got, and it kept going in a circle on and on. The first week of taking the medicine it caused a slight headache off and on, and some mild dizziness and constipation. But those side effects went away completely by week 2. Now I&#039;m getting back to normal, I&#039;m the happiest I&#039;ve been in 2 years, I feel like myself again. 

I was scared to try another anxiety medicine after a bad experience with Zoloft. But the lexapro has been wonderful! Don&#039;t lose hope!"
"I took this and in 3 days I felt so much better. I took 500mg and Mucinex along side it. I always eat some type of vinegar foods (olives or pickles) and because antibiotics are hard on the stomach and vinegar offset the heartburn. I eat yogurt to offset the yeast infection and bananas to keep from muscle cramps (potassium). This is the only medicine that ever helps me. I had a doctor give me something and after 2 weeks it didn%u2019t even phase the infection. 3 days of Levaquin and I was back feeling so much better. I can%u2019t say enough about this medicine. My mom went on it as she got it too and she was shocked how much better she felt after it. She agreed this is a good antibiotic."
"Xanax has saved my life. I have GAD, panic disorder, OCD, PTSD and major depressive disorder. This medication has made life worth living for me. I have been in therapy with a therapist, life coach and psychiatrist for 3-4 years now. I can tell you if the drug makes you drowsy or hungover, it&#039;s not for you. Also, the therapeutic dosage should not exceed 3 mg per day, ideally around 1 mg per day. As long as you stay in therapy and see your psychiatrist regularly you will not become &quot;addicted&quot; or whatever else people feel about this drug. IT WORKS!"
"I switched to Sprintec (because it was cheap) from Amethia after losing my insurance. I began experiencing acne breakouts on my face and very sudden mood swings, which I had not experienced on Amethia. I am no longer using Sprintec because the side effects are not worth it."
"I took this meds within 3 days I had extreme headache, left arm was numb, woke up to my body feeling hot. I started feeling spasm in my lower left bottom and leg. Pain in my left leg and flu like symptoms."
"Yes this drug has really bad side effects of severe headache . I suffer from migraine and I didn&#039;t know how much more of this side effect I could handle, but for me losing weight was more important than anything. 1st month everyday severe headaches but after that things got better after about 6 weeks I felt normal. Its been 6.5 months and I&#039;ve lost 40lbs. I eat extremely healthy and exercise everyday. No sugar no carbs. Its not a miracle drug you have to also change yourself. I would do it all over again. Definitely recommend it."
"I felt I needed to come back &amp; leave feedback. I started using fluoxetine 6 weeks ago. I was scared to try, had read so many bad reviews. It was horrible to start with, like a waiting game. Waking up every day to see if it had &#039;gone&#039;. Slowly I felt better, saw improvements and now into my 6th week I&#039;m feeling like my old self again. I had bad nausea, weight loss, insomnia when starting meds. I was ready to give up after 3 weeks. I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t.  I suffer with bad anxiety &amp; depression.  I find driving difficult, felt faint, couldn&#039;t stand in a queue. Supermarkets were a no go, restaurants, I found myself staying in the house. In the last week I&#039;ve been out, driving little trips but every day and I feel so much calmer. Don&#039;t give up!!"
"I&#039;ve taken Valium and Xanax but the side effects were to strong. Clorazepate works just fine. No side effects and it is a calmer medicine than the rest. I strongly recommend clorazepate for anyone with anxiety troubles."
"Biaxin (or the generic) has always worked WONDERS for me in treating chronic sinusitis or sinus infection (also concurrent ear infection).  It smacks it right out of you the 1st time, you don&#039;t wind up at the doctors again after taking something less effective. I ask for it by name (am allergic to penicillin and sulphur, so neither of those are ever an option for me)."
"I have been on Lolo for over 2 years now. I must say the beginning was awful, I was told to stick it out 3 months which most birth controls you should try to do so. I spotted and got my period multiple times within the first 3 months, way more than normal. After 3 months it has been golden ever since. No periods, no scares, no concerns. I have had absolutely no problems. I love this birth control, I feel great on it and haven&#039;t gained any weight or got acne from it. If you are considering this birth control, don&#039;t give up after a few weeks, stick it out for a few months and then decide. My friends have had the same experience and they love it and have been on other kinds but would never switch back."
"I first got on the nexaplon in August of 2015. It was fine at first no periods only major migraines. A few months after getting it I had to have it removed because it had moved and began growing into the muscle of my arm. It took almost 2 hours of digging to get it out. I have endometriosis and I have tried almost every birth control to help. My Dr urged me to try the nexaplon again so I did in August 2016. I have lost all desire to have sex. Not to mention its painful. I have pain in my arm constantly from the implant. My mood swings are killer. One minute I&#039;ll be happy and the next ready to strangle someone. I now have severe depression and severe panic attacks. I have had 4-5 month long periods on it. Definitely don&#039;t recommend it."
"my first time using this medicine, I took it on the first of my spotting, however, my period didn&#039;t even after 10 day, I had even heavier bleeding than before, and my emotion was terrible and I felt depressed during that week of taking this medicine. Eventually, I had to talk to my doctor and switch to another medicine"
"My knees hurt to walk, my feet hurt to stand...I couldn&#039;t take it anymore....I went to doc and weighed in at 287.8...3 days later and I am already down 7.8 lbs.  No exercise yet but will when get in the 260&#039;s.  I feel better already and can&#039;t wait to loose another 60."
"Suffered for a few years with painful gout attacks. Tried a few different things but nothing really worked for me. A doctor had a trial bottle of Uloric 80mg and it changed my life. It did take a couple of months before it brought my uric acid levels down and the attacks stopped. In fact it was probably worse for the first month. But I stuck with it and turned the corner. I can now enjoy all the foods I used to eat without the consequence."
"Due to family illnesses, family addictions and marital problems I had been having severe anxiety and panic attacks that seemed to be getting worse and I was having difficulty sleeping at night. I was prescribed 50mg Hydroxyzine up to 3 times a day as needed for anxiety. After about 10 mins of taking my first dose it was as if someone snapped there fingers and the weight of the world was finally lifted off my chest and I could breath. This really helped melt away my anxiety. I didn&#039;t feel numb or drugged but I felt relaxed. It was like a heavy, and grounded feeling. I did sleep a lot the first two days I took it but I feel like that was due to my body finally getting to catch up on some much needed rest. I feel like in have my life back :-)"
"I went to see an endocrinologist after my daughter told me that a co-worker of hers was hypothyroid and lost a ton of weight taking Armour.  My endo told me that I had Hashimoto&#039;s and the best thing was for me to switch to Armour from Synthroid which was really what I was hoping to hear. I was so hopeful that this was finally going to be my ticket to a thinner me! :0\

During the course of 6 months I gained 20 pounds. My dosage was increased nearly every time I visited the doctor and with each increase in dosage came an increase in my weight. I went back to my primary care physician and told her my story and she put me back on Synthroid and the scales are finally moving in the other direction."
"Used twice under walking boot for broken fibula, use for rotator cuff sprain for six weeks, used for left knee pain for three years prior to replacement of knee. Way better than an opiate, I could work!  More effective too most of the time."
"Doctor couldn&#039;t diagnose that I had adrenal fatigue and thyroid insufficiency, I developed severe allergies which affected my breathing severely.
Was put on albuterol inhalers, which did little, and a specialist told me I have gotten the wrong medication all along.
Meanwhile, I used Primatene, which immediately gave me fast results, better then the albuterol. 
"
"This drug has been a lifesaver so far.  Especially considering the other &quot;less-than-ideal&quot; medication options for bipolar disorder."
"I have been on this medication for about a month now, tried pretty much all ssris for depression and over time found out i had bipolar 2. This medicine work fairly well, helps your memory, and keeps your moods at a fairly stable place. I&#039;m on 300 mgs now and I was on 150mg, all in all pretty good medication."
"I have just started taking the z-pack a few days ago and am already starting to feel A LOT better! I have sinusitus, an ear ache that was caused by a middle ear infection and so far, the pains are a lot more tolerant! THANK YOU Z-PACK!!"
"I knew pretty well that the drinking part would be hell. When I smelled it (why do people always do that?) basically the only thing that came to mind was cherry cough syrup, which I usually puke up anytime I try to take. I know it said to mix with only water, but if everyone on here is licking lemons and drinking chasers. I mixed the 6oz solution with about 4 oz of lime juice and 6 oz water. it wasn&#039;t unbearable. Drink it on ice and with a straw btw. 
For me, it took 3 hours for the first dose to work and about 5 minutes for the second bottle the next morning. Towards the end of the 1st cleanse, my poo looked like urine and I thought the 2nd wouldn&#039;t do anything but somehow it found more to expel o_O"
"Was taken off Flexeril and prescribed  Lorzone. Took 1/3 of one pill, two hours later I didn&#039;t feel right. Pain in back, hard to take a deep breath, eyes dilated, face tingled and lips swelled!  Severe reaction required hospitalization. Be careful."
"I&#039;m in the navy and it was very hard fighting my sleep for the first 5 years of being in I finally got a sleep study an they diagnosed me with narcolepsy. I don&#039;t really like taking medication for anything but my doctor introduced me to Provigil. I finally feel like a normal person, although the first month I had very bad headaches it slowly went away and I went from taking 1 100mg pill a day to 2 100mg pills. My body got used to it within the first 2mths. Overall I love this medicine. works pretty good for me."
"Me and my fiance were out drinking one night and the sex got a little crazy. I pulled out a little to late and I told her what I had done. So we showered and then immediately went to our 24hr Walgreens and purchased the pill like 30 minutes after the incident. She took it ASAP. It six weeks later and guess what? She&#039;s pregnant! This pill is such a waste of money."
"I can honestly say, after years and years of dealing with my anxiety, leaving school to be homeschooled, not being able to function and just accomplish and do the things I wanted to do, being a slave to anxiety every second of my life, finally at 18, after a year of what has been the worst anxiety of my life, I made the decision to take Paxil. 26 days on the medicine and I can honestly say it has changed my life, and saved it. I have never felt so wonderful in my entire life, anxiety does not exist in my life or control me anymore, I am now in control, and it was such a beautiful relief to have such an incredible outcome."
"Hi - I started the Supartz injections in November of last year. Let me just say this, I am not 100% pain free, but it is a whole lot better then the pain I was having before. The pain had me in tears all the time. But here lately, I have been feeling alot of pressure. And I have been getting pain on the other side of the knee, like burning and stabbing pain now and then. But it is still better then it was before. The Supartz Injections overall works for me, in fact Thursday I am starting the injections for the other knee. And as far as staying off the knee and rest, I take it easy the rest of that day and the next I just go about my daily routines. I will ask more questions when I see my doctor on Thursday."
"I am not one to normally leave a review but in this case I felt the need.

I have suffered from generalised anxiety for years. It had gotten increasingly worse over the last year and I finally got up the courage to talk about it to the doctor. (Ironically the thought was enough to give me anxiety)
The doctor started me off at the smaller dose of 10mg, which helped a lot however I would still have bursts of anxiety so they decided to increase it to 20mg and what can I say.. what a miracle drug!
If anyone is suffering from anxiety to the point where it is affecting their day to day life please try this medication. It may not work for everyone but I thank my lucky stars I decided to try it as my life has changed completely.."
"I had Kyleena inserted six months ago, I took ibuprofen beforehand was pretty nervous after reading some wild IUD stories, but the processes was quick and probably a 2/10 on the pain scale- it just felt like one big bad period cramp. The next couple days I felt a little more crampy than usual but I was able to go about my day to day activities no problem! Since then, my periods have virtually stopped with only some very light spotting every couple of months. I forget it&#039;s there, but am so thankful it is! No more periods and no more daily pills. If you&#039;re thinking about getting and IUD, go for it! 
(about me: I am 20 and have never had children, my periods have always been pretty light usually lasting 3-5 days)"
"After being diagnosed with severe, chronic and acute depression, anxiety and seasonal affective disorder in February 2001, my therapist referred me to a psychiatrist for medicine management. Was given starter pack September 2011. I&#039;ve been on 40mg for 1 and 1/2 years, during my weekly therapy sessions, my therapist says I give 90% eye contact, whereas with previous medicines I gave eye contact infrequently. I also take Effexor 225mg, Zoloft 200mg and 9mg Ativan [2mg A.M.; 4mg 12:00pm; 3mg evenings], Ambien 10mg."
"I have been on Celexa for about 15 years and it&#039;s great. The only symptoms at first were dry mouth and yawning which eventually went away. I tried about 2 years ago to wean myself off with my doctors help and I had a horrible relapse so I am going to stay on Celexa as long as my doctor allows me. I actually feel normal all the time and very balanced."
"This drug has changed my life. It has allowed me to focus not only on my job but also things at home that need attention. I feel smarter, I can think better and clearer. I find I tend to make lists and start checking things off the list as they are accomplished. I never start something and do not finish it as I did before. I look forward to it. I enjoy work more. I feel less stress and anxiety. I do not feel it is habit forming. There have been times when I have forgotten to take it and I did not notice it. The only difference is normally when I have taken the drug I don&#039;t have an appetite and when I forget to take it I tend to eat a lot."
"I have always been fit, and losing those few pounds that manage to creep up on us from time to time was always fairly easy.  Once I hit my 50&#039;s however, things changed.  I went to the gym, I ate well, but nothing.  In fact I GAINED weight when I thought I should be losing or at least stable.  Thank goodness my dr suggested CONTRAVE.  It dramatically reduced my appetite, so that when I ate, I made good food choices and stuck to a reasonable portion.  And those evening snacks were a thing of the past.  The daily weighing is awesome because you can see even the smallest change.  I was not obese, but 5&#039;5 at 166 lbs was the most I&#039;d ever weighed and I was  completely uncomfortable in my own skin (and clothes!)  I am now almost 30 lbs down."
"Under treatment for 5 years for  Peripheral Neuropathy &amp; severe burning pain in toes, feet, ankles &amp; lower legs.

W/Pain doctor, used 30mg Oxycodone 3X/day + 1.2 grams of Gabapentin 4 times/day + (at max.) 20 mg of Methadone, 4X/day.     On Methadone for 2.5 years.   Oxy for 4 years.

Did a 6-month slow weaning off  Methadone.     Feeling much better now, but STILL get an occasional hot flash and massive sweats.  

Then, went &quot;cold turkey&quot; on the  (FOUR YEARS of) Oxycodone.  .Started Nucynta Extended Release:  150mg 2X/day.   And used 0.3mg of Clonidine 3X/day for withdrawal.  But WD was still pretty bad. Used frequent Medical Marijuana to handle WD symptoms."
"This is a very good product. My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex twice in one day. The next day I went and got Plan B. I started to experience extreme fatigue and stomach cramps, but a week later I got my period."
"I had to take this for a boil and it healed the boil and made it go down and kinda get a scab over it but the side effects are crazy you have diarrhea your head hurts all the time and I&#039;m so tired all the time. I was prescribed the medicine for 7 days to take twice a day. Overall the medicine did its job but had side effects"
"I started off 0.5 mg 2x per day. I now take 1mg of Klonopin 3x per day. I no longer have the unsteadiness on my feet and my anxiety has decreased even more (this despite being unemployed, as well as being a burn patient with severe nerve pain). Only caveat is to take EXACTLY as prescribed, otherwise will become dependent or have severe withdrawal if taken more than supposed to. "
"I&#039;m very obsessive. Somewhere around a few years ago I started obsessing and being paranoid about medications. So, as I&#039;m sure you are all doing right now, you&#039;re looking up reviews on this medication to determine if you&#039;ll take it. Just like I did. I almost gave myself a panic attack thinking about possibly taking this medicine and then having a serious allergic reaction.
Luckily though, while speaking with my pharmacist he let me know I took this medicine last year and I remembered I was fine.
The point is, every medicine has adverse effects. Chances are, you won&#039;t have major side effects. "
"Works great been on it 2 1/2 months my toenails are not yellow anymore only the ends are a little bit. Had toenail fungus for 15 years they where thick and yellow had to file them a lot. Tryed everything to try to make it go away. I am on the generic brand of lamsil.  Side effects just watery poop for two weeks nothing more.  My feet are not dry anymore there soft. I can wear sandals now without wearing fake toenails or finger nail polish. When on this file the nail down to get the fungus and keep doing it use a different file each time don&#039;t wear socks to long keep your feet clean."
"I have been on this medication twice before. I stopped only because I found out I was pregnant.This medication didn&#039;t ever make a significant change, but my mood gradually was getting better. I&#039;m now going back to the psych doctor and will probably try and get back on this one again.
I do know the manufacturer that my pharmacy uses of the lamotrigine... so chalky and tastes so incredibly disgusting I despised taking it. Maybe if I can find a different kind, all will be wonderful?"
"I have been taking Jardiance from March.  I have had a significant drop in HBA1C and I have lost 21lbs.  I pee and drink alot but it is worth it to reduce the sugar levels. I also experience back pain with this.  However, I was very insulin resistant and can live with the side affects to help this."
"I am 19 years old, I went to the OBGYN yesterday and got skyla put in, I have had no kids and thought the pain was very tolerable and did not hurt at all. I did experience bleeding at first then spotting and a bit of cramping but not bad at all compared to the periods I experienced. Highly recommend."
"I way prescribed 300 mg Neurontin for anxiety and it has been amazing. I&#039;m also on a number of other anti-anxiety drugs, however Neurontin is helping to lessen my anxiety with its sedative effects. I highly recommend trying Neurontin. I tried Lyrica before Neurontin and Neurontin is more effective and cheaper for me. 8/10!"
"I cannot give Levaquin a good rating.
I was a healthy, active college student minoring in dance when I took this for a sinus infection. After a few pills it completely destroyed my life, for an infection that would have cleared on its own. No more than hour of sleep for over a year due to neurological damage that destroyed my sleep cycle. It gave me dysautonomia so now I have tachycardia, POTS, heat intolerance, &amp; all sorts of crazy problems. I got peripheral neuropathy, but it got better over the years.  Still I am limited in what I can do, cannot fulfill my dreams, and miss going out in the summer since the heat intolerance causes me to not sweat but actually respond like I have heat exhaustion. No more laying on the beach in July...ever."
"Please tell me it gets better. I started taking Citalopram about two days ago an I am so tried and sleepy I can not even function. The first day I slept like 20 hours straight. I am on 20mg a day but I feel really jumpy and tired all the time. I am taking classes online and I can not even get the energy to do that. Will this go away after I stay on them a while. Going to call my doctor on Monday and see."
"This is one dangerous drug as for me it made me feel half dead to me and the world around me it made my depression even worse and anxiety really bad to the point I was unable to do the things I wanted to enjoy. Was unable to settle..It put me in a dark place and gave me really bad dreams and good luck if on it more than 6months to come off, may the force be with you, it&#039;s a horrific experience so please keep clear!"
"My 90-year-old mother was given the 6 tablet blister card/pack, and she took the first dose (2-250 mgs) as per her physician ordered at 3:30 p.m.   Within 4 hours she developed abdominal pain, overnight she was not able to urinate and that continued until 10:30 a.m. the next day.   We ended in the emergency room by 2:30 p.m. Subsequently, my mother had the worst case of diarrhea that I have ever seen, which was also caused by the antibiotic Levaquin. I have now added both of these drugs to her allergic list."
"Recently I was prescribed klonopin 1mg, not only for anxiety but to help alleviate my muscle cramps, which I think is caused by the Seroquel I take for mood stabilization and sleep. Klonopin works great. No more tremors, cramps or anxiety. It is very effective. It works better than any related drug."
"Had first attack at age of 20 . Didn&#039;t treat it till i was 36 . Was really bad - couldn&#039;t work . Constant pain ... .
My dr. Put me on allopurinol about a year ago . First month - it&#039;s gotten worse.  But since then I have been completely attack free !!! It&#039;s done a miracle for me . I can eat and drink and enjoy life .
Didn&#039;t see any side effects ."
"I had the Mirena inserted 7 months ago. I took 800 mg of Ibuprofen beforehand and experienced only minor pain upon insertion. I had some mild cramping throughout that day, but afterwards none. I still have fairly regular periods--every month, light bleeding with a little bit of cramping. I was told that after about 6 months my periods would probably disappear, but I&#039;m still waiting for that to happen. No weight gain, acne, or change in mood or libido. I love it! Very satisfied."
"I am so glad I found this website, until just now, I have never heard of Cyclobenzaprine helping anyone; including myself.  I&#039;m on Morphine ER 2xs daily, as well as oxycodone hcl 20mg, up to 5xs daily, why do I need this anyways?  But I did try it to help with some stiffness, as for an update, I&#039;m still taking Valium as a muscle relaxant.  it may not help the pain, but at least you want remember having it !!!!"
"The medicine works great for vaginitis, however, after using it a few times my doctor says I &quot;built an allergy&quot; to it, I started getting hives every time I took it, so I just don&#039;t take it anymore.  Trust me, I wish I could it works the best out of all my experiences."
"I found this drug very effective as an decongestant and expectorant.Moreso than several others that i have tried. I would certainly request it the next time that i am in need of one."
"Great at first until you have to take as therapy for years. I have Headaches, confusion, memory loss, Mania, loss of sleep, I already have Anxiety disorders, This stuff can facilitate Glaucoma, Alzheimers. Blurrs vision from the start! Terrible no integrated health care so docs can learn to see the whole patient and avoid severe disruption of life. I&#039;d rather nurse the severe trouble of advanced diverticular disease, IBS, Fructose malabsorbtion, Hiatus hernia type2, GERD, LPRD. I would rather not be blind and loose what is left of my mind. Terrible medication in the long run. Patients should be educated, better monitored for complications for all medical issues."
"I took this drug for over 20 years.  It worked extremely well for me.  Dry mouth was my only side effect.  I was told by my pharmacy they could no longer get it.  I took the generic for a while but it never worked as well.  I was surprised to read others have taken it recently.  How sad something that worked so well for many is hard to get.  I would switch back in a heartbeat."
"I have suffered with anxiety and agoraphobia since I was 6. Since the age of 19, I never went more than 45 mins from home. I started on Lexapro and an anti-anxiety medicine in 2009. I have made it to a beach that I hadn&#039;t seen since I was 14, I am now 60, and have been 7 times since 2009. The drive is 1 hr 30 mins from home. I go every summer, more than once, and sometimes stay a few days, one time staying 6 days! This medicine is a God send, I wish they had it 20 years ago."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a year and at first I loved it. I was on depo provera for a while but my periods were all over the place and skin wasn&#039;t in very good shape. Once I started levora, my breasts were very tender but they also grew so I wasn&#039;t complaining. About 6 months ago I started packing on pounds. I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and have never gone above 110lbs. I am now a solid 125lbs, sometimes more. I have not changed my fairly healthy diet and do lightly excercise. My skin has not cleared up and my sex drive is gone. I literally got nothing good out of this pill other than big boobs (Again, not complaining). I am getting off of this pill asap."
"Had first series a year ago, no pain or swelling after injections. My knees are bone on bone and doctor wanted to do knee replacement, too much arthritis and due to age they did not want to do arthoscopic surgery.  I refuse steroid injections as they only mask the problelm.  I am very sensitive to medications so I was very worried about a reaction from Euflexxa but had none.  Pain was gone after 2nd shot and has lasted a year.  Just had next series in left knee and am having right knee done starting next week.  The only other option is knee replacement and after what happened to my husband, will only do it if the pain becomes unbearable. Totally satisfied with euflexxa"
"I took the generic nitrofurantoin and it worked fine to cure my urinary tract infection. Took it for 7 days (the course that was recommended for me by my doctor). Little side effects as opposed to other drugs for urinary tract infections."
"I am 60 years old, female, have had many very painful breakouts over the last 15 yrs. I have weakened immune system. Finally after two breakouts within 2 months, I am now on 500 mg valacyclovir every night. So far, no problems except I have gained weight and feel tired all the time, but I take other medicines that cause this also. I recommend it highly."
"I&#039;ve been really pleased with the way vyvanse has helped me. On Vyvanse I&#039;m not moody or lifeless like I had been on other drugs. My appetite is still very small and this is kind of a problem because I&#039;m really light anyways. However, if I eat before I take it and snack on healthy things during school hours I don&#039;t crash when it wears off. With Vyvanse I&#039;ve realized it&#039;s possible to control my ADD and keep my personality! I was VERY nervous about starting a new drug, but Vyvanse is really the best thing I&#039;ve tried and my grades in my AP classes are better than they have ever been."
"I&#039;m going on two years now with almost no pain. I see stairs and try to figure out where the elvators were, curbs were also a challenge. I never experienced pain during injections and noticed immediate relief even walking back to my car. By the 3rd injection, I was thrilled ! So happy with this."
"I got the implant in 2014. It was fine until about August and then I started my period and it was very heavy I went back to my doctor and got put on another birth control pill to make it stop after a couple weeks it stopped. I had a bladder infection and they put me on antibiotics and I was back on my period for 6 months. My doctor wanted to do a DNC on me and I had old blood from being on it for so long. They then switched my birth control pill again. It stopped for a couple months and when it started back up again my doctor put me on an estrogen pill cause from me being on the 2 birth controls for so long I had a thick lining around my uterus and it was trying to thin out. I&#039;m currently on my period and have been for 4 months."
"I took one dose. I had no reduction in pain compared to Norco 10/325, 2-3 a day. In fact, I had more pain. Terrible side effects including a spike in blood pressure, headache, felt woozy, rapid pulse and what I believe to be an anxiety attack. It was a nightmare and all I could do was wait for it to finally ware off. I have impaired kidneys so it took 36 hours to leave my system. Horrible experience!"
"After about 50 days of taking Chantix, I am now 9 months smoke free. It is really nice not having to worry about my next smoke. I feel so much better. Thank you so much for making it possible to quit. I smoked for 26 years it is such a great feeling to be smoke free. I still find it hard to believe."
"-Made my hand shake, extreme sweating 
-I gave it plenty of time to level out for me
- hard to concentrate &amp; made me think my FIBROMYALGIA was worst than it was - mentally."
"I started taking Ativan in 1997. My first and only time in a psychiatric ward.  I was diagnosed with panic attacks.  When I first started taking them the first 3 days were an absolute nightmare.  I was getting more side effects being on them than without.  I told the doctor and he told me to give it a few day and that this side effect would go away.  I was literally going to sleep (in and out of sleep?) with a bible in my arms.  Finally the 3rd day it did start to take effect and my panic became less frightening.  I started in 1997 @ .5 MG 3xday and now in 2015 I take 1mg 3xday.  It has never given me a problem except for those fee days when I started the dosage."
"After my experience with Gardasil, the only thing I hate the most is it stings a lot (compared to other vaccines) for 2 minutes, then boom it&#039;s just like I got a flu vaccine and everything is normal, no dizziness, fatigue, or anything. I even hangout with my friends the night after the vaccine injection, I woke up like nothing happened. I don&#039;t know if what I saw in the web is true about gardasil being bad, but base on my experience it&#039;s all fine."
"It worked when nothing in the past had. No real side effects, I did have some diarrhea, but it subsided in a day or two. Plus, I&#039;m a girl, and I usually have the opposite problem, so it didn&#039;t bother me."
"It took about 3 months for my body to adapt to the pills, but after that it worked really well for me. It lightened my periods, made them 3 days shorter and they always came on time. After the first 3 months I might have had spotting once over the rest of the year."
"Belviq is the best thing that has ever happened to me. I stalked the web for a month before I tried it looking for the most detailed reviews, to ease my mind, so I&#039;m here to provide one. Been on Belviq 1 1/2 weeks- down TEN POUNDS. How?!  you ask? No more cravings. When I want sweets? I turn to fruit. When I want salty? Cucumbers with a bit of salt. Usually a cup of food and I&#039;m full, pushing the plate away. I keep to about 1,000 calories a day now, which is so easy to stay within, because I&#039;m hardly ever hungry. No real side effects, felt a little dizzy first two days, but it passed quickly. Vivid weird dreams every night though! But I sleep like a rock.       BP and heart rate are down, and I have more energy. Go Belviq!"
"Have been taking doxepin 10mg for sleep for at least 10 years. When I found this, I felt like I might actually manage life. Have problems staying asleep since onset of menopause and doxepin really helps. Since I am overweight my doctor will only prescribe for me to take every other night as he believes it causes weight gain. We disagree on this subject."
"Serious relief from an aggravating cough that had me physically drained and in pain. But this is day two and 2:12am and yesterday I had maybe two hours accumulated sleep. Cannot switch my brain off and I desperately want to sleep!!! I suggest a day break between where you use DayQuil/NyQuil unless you want to experience what seems to me a crack addict feels."
"For breakthrough migraine pain, it&#039;s the only thing that&#039;s effective for me. Always take Imitrex ASAP, but Fioricet #3 does the trick for me with no negative side effects.."
"I am a 30 year old woman, recently diagnosed with ADD.  I always knew there was an issue there because I have always been extremely irritable/short-fused, indecisive, impatient, impulsive, forgetful, anxious, etc.  I somehow busted my butt through school and even managed to get my Bachelors degree but this came with re-reading lines of texts, taking several breaks while studying, and telling myself to focus constantly.  I usually stare at someone talking but don&#039;t know what was said because I was thinking of something else completely.  I couldn&#039;t remember movies or conversations to save my life.  Docs said it was anxiety and increased the dose constantly.  At 30mg and 4 days on Vyvanse, I feel great.  Only headaches here and there but I&#039;m hopeful!"
"I have trouble reaching climax due to Sertraline. Viagra 50mg helps me maintain an erection longer so I am able to climax/ejaculate. Works great."
"Cymbalta works very well for me.  I was very reluctant to try it because of the concerns other users have brought up re: side effects and horrors of withdrawal symptoms and talk of &quot;brain zaps.&quot;  I started Cymbalta after trials of Wellbutrin, Lexepro and Celexa within the last two years.  I was desperate to relieve my depression. I began Cymbalta in the spring of 2011.  One side effect I occasionally suffer is stomach upset/burning. Tums relieves the symptoms as well as omeprazole. The other side effect I occasionally suffer from is the flu like symptoms (withdrawal symptoms) if I forget a dose or am late with a dose.  I found the best time to take Cymbalta, for me, is at noon."
"I used to take the pill (Microgynon) but the side effects and my constant forgetting to take it led me to the Implanon in September 2009. Unfortunately I am not one of the lucky ones who has no periods, instead I get very light periods (sometimes barely noticeable!) every 2-3 months or so for about 2-3 weeks. I have had no side effects, and no longer suffer from bouts of irrational emotion or period pain. 

Even if I did experience these side effects I would still continue using Implanon, purely for peace of mind, as it is the most effective form of contraception."
"I have had no relapses since I have been on Rebif. I did not experience the sick feeling, Thank God. I do not like the sting, which can vary from none to a bee sting feeling. Also the mark that it leaves. I use my butt so they can not be seen."
"Baclofen gave me terrible dream/nightmares and I would &quot;walk in my sleep&quot; during them,  that is, getting out of my bed and literally trashing my bedroom, knocking everything off the nightstand, flipping over my computer chair, tried to crawl under a TV tray... crazy stuff, that I NEVER did before.  As soon as I quit the baclofen (thinking that must be it),  those dreams never happened again.  PS, since baclofen did this to me, they tried Rx Tizanidine/zanaflex, and I had the SAME reaction from those so I just don&#039;t have a muscle relaxer anymore."
"Super happy my daughter has gone from 100 plus seizures a month to under 10. So truly happy and thankful! No major side effects it does make her extremely thirsty and she can only drink room temperature drinks. If colder it makes her cough as if she is chocking."
"SSRI&#039;s meant no orgasms and didn&#039;t help me sleep. No such problems with mirtazapine. Sex is even better, sleep is wonderful and I get enough and can function within minutes of getting out of bed.  I get brain zaps at sudden noises if I&#039;m relaxed, and it increases my appetite a lot.  Thankfully I&#039;ve taken up distance running at the same time. You must exercise on this medicine to overcome the weight gain, which is it&#039;s worst side effect. All up this medicine has been wonderful and after horrible experiences with SSrI&#039;s I&#039;m glad to be on it.  Found out afterwards that my girlfriend is also on it for insomnia."
"I had Nexplanon put in last Friday, six weeks post partum. I had not gotten my first period before insertion and still have not gotten it. I haven&#039;t had any bleeding or spotting. I&#039;m actually not having any issues at all with the Nexplanon other than the ugly bruising at the injection site. I have read reports or headaches and depression but I haven&#039;t had that either.. No weight gain either, I&#039;ve actually lost 2 lbs since I&#039;ve been on it. Hopefully none of this will change."
"I used Ritalin when I was in 1st grade. Until I was in 6th grade these tablets helped me a lot with ADHD. But I outgrew the hyperactivity. The reason I rated it a 9/10 was because in 6th grade the medicine was working well but I was on 200mg of it so the doctor had to take me off of it fast. Then I had a Ritalin crash in a overnight hospital. But other than that it is a great drug for treating ADHD. It helped me pay attention and not to jump off my mom&#039;s dresser (the dresser story is true about me)."
"Had meniscus tear surgery five years ago on right knees. I was walking two to three miles five days a week. Beginning January 2017 started having knee pain and cannot walk half a mile. My ortho surgeon suggested some knee exercise and physical therapy. Went thru six weeks of physical therapy but did not help. Got  corticosteroid shot back in June 2017. Ninety percent pain free for about two months and then back to same knee pain I had before the corticosteroid shot .My ortho doctor suggested to try Synvisc gel injection treatment. Just got Synvisc gel injection 24 hours ago. This injection was little more painful compare to corticosteroid shot but able to walk to parking lot and my wife drove me back to home. I am already feeling lot better"
"I am 22 and I had some hair loss. I have started using this medicine and right away after starting (less than a week!) I noticed that I have hair loss no more. Even when I intentionally try to pull my hair out! For help to grow new hair, well I have used this medicine for about 4 months and I can say YES it works but gradually."
"Yaz has been really effective. It is my third month taking it and my periods are normal. They last three days, they used to last nine to ten days. I&#039;m happy with Yaz."
"I had been on Remicade for many years with no side effects at all, perhaps a little tired every once in a while, but nothing serious.  My doctor and I questioned whether I had rheumatoid arthritis. Then all of a sudden the Remicade stopped working and bam I had 2 flares that were unbelievable before doc could get anything to work for me.  I was heart broken because it was such a good medicine for me."
"I&#039;m 16, on the 5th day of my second pack. I LOVE this birth control! My acne is slowly going away, but I also use Proactiv. It has lessened my cramps a LOT, made my breasts feel a bit bigger (according to my boyfriend). The only bad side effect I had in the beginning was one day it made my face blotchy, which says that can happen in the information. Other than that, everything&#039;s been great. My mom and I are on the same pill and we don&#039;t have insurance until September so it is about $34 a pack out of pocket."
"I have been on and off phentermine since 2009, and I always have great results. I have a terrible binge eating condition and unbearable sugar cravings. Phentermine completely changed my cravings to salads and unsweetened foods. I also have insomnia from hunger and digestion problems. I sleep like a baby on the medication and I find that reading and focusing are much easier. I got the best results working out on an empty stomach and then taking 1/2 pill, then breakfast, then 1/2 pill or whole pill in the evening. Again, I sleep better on it. I did develop a slight tolerance after the first year, but taking a break really helped me get the full benefit of the medication and refocus on my diet. The side effects are minimal."
"I have been on Victoza for about a year now.  I started with the small dose.  Could never advance to the full dose due to the side effects.  My doctor ran a A1C and my blood sugars had gone from 8.8 to 6.7.  We decided to stay at the starter dose.  I take the injection in the evening at dinner time.  I still get the headache and nausea but it is mostly during sleep and wake up to it.  I usually will get up, have coffee and ride it out for about an hour and get ready for work.  Nausea gone headache dull and barely noticeable.  It&#039;s worth the frustration to me"
"I took 4 500mg at one but I was feel alright before I took a bath then about 20min after that my stomach start it hurting bad and I had to go the bathroom, I had diarrhea and I felt light headed and than I start throw up but after about 10min of that I&#039;m fine now."
"I got Implanon implanted in November 2013. It is now April 2014. I LOVE this product. The only side effect I had was that I bleed for almost 3 months straight. But now I am having periods less than once a month. It seems like it is going to stop all together. The heavy bleeding to start is normal, your body has to sort out the new hormones. I had been on the pill for about 10 years. I switched because of the effectiveness of this product and I got tired of taking pills. I will get this product again when the 3 years are up."
"I started Trulicity 3 weeks ago and have not experienced any noticeable side effects. That said, I have been following a very strict low carb diet that has been predominantly vegan. I have a feeling that carb rich foods and heavy animal protein foods exacerbate the GI side effects. I am also on 2000 mg of metformin. I have heard that GI side effects are horrible with glucose lowering drugs but I suspect it has A LOT to do with what people are eating...."
"I started Travatan Z two weeks ago after pressure readings of 24 and 40. Now, two weeks, later my pressures were found to be 14 and 18. That&#039;s a 42% and 45% decrease! I never thought that such a drop would be possible. Some side effects have been felt, but they are insignificant compared to the high probability of blindness without treatment."
"This spot gel is amazing! It started working for me within 3 days. I had no side effects with this spot gel, I have oily skin and very big pores and that means I am spot prone. I went through a phase of acne and went to the doctor and got prescribed duac and I&#039;m so glad that I was! It made my skin clear as day! I wouldn&#039;t recommend using it after it is two months old, as it doesn&#039;t seem to work as effectively after that amount of time but you can always get a new tube as it is usually used up in that time!"
"I was diagnosed with MS about 7 years ago and started on Avonex. The side affects were pretty severe for me, but I stuck to it for 18 months. I also formed new lesions and had brain atrophy. I switched to Copaxone over 5 years ago and I have had a much better experience. Copaxone has slowed the progression of the disease and in some areas the myelin has shown repair and regrowth! I have more energy and my balance has come back - I am able to ride my bike with ease again. I was able to stay on Copaxone through out my pregnancy and while I was breast feeding. I did this under the watchful eye of a high risk OB specialist and my neurologist. I was able to remain stable after my son was born with out any relapse. And he is perfect."
"I have had irritable bowel syndrome all my life and I&#039;m 26 years old. I&#039;m very healthy and work out daily. I&#039;ve been to many doctors and I was told to add more fiber to my diet but never prescribed Linzess until now. Before now I would have a bowel movement maybe once every two weeks with bloating and pain. Now I have a bowel movement once a day. You do need to plan accordingly but if you do it works perfect! Love it!"
"I like Cymbalta. I have been taking it for 3 months and I&#039;m always in a good mood. I used to be depressed all the time before. My wife sees the change in me. She thinks I&#039;m back to my old self again. No weight loss or gain. I would recommend it to anyone to try."
"I have been using diclofenac capsules for over 10 years. It was first introduced to me for heal spurs and it produced excellent results. I can control the pain from heal spurs anytime ti comes on. You must use it on a full stomach. Whilst I understand you can use it for longer periods I do not use it consectively for more than seven days. A take a few days break and use it again.

I now use it for knee joint pain, Osteoarthritis, and again it is working wonders - within two days, one a day, 100mg, passes the pain completely. Again I use it sparingly because of the warnings of the side effects. It is a wonder drug for me but generally, Doctors do not recommend it. It was first introduced to me in India and I have continued using it."
"I have been on Aviane for almost three months and I love it. I stared it because I was having weird on and off periods and my doctor suggested I start taking it. The first month I only had minor side effects which where very tender breast and cramping but it regulated my period and that&#039;s what I love about it so much! I admit that my breast has grown a cup size but I have not gained any weight or mood swings. The only thing that is persistent is my tender breast but my period is normal and Aviane is great!"
"I&#039;ve been on 200mg of lamotrigine for 5 years. I also take 50mg of seroquel at bedtime which also helps immensely with my insomnia. And yes, it took a moment to pull that last word our of my brain and I do goof up words sometimes, but so do all the other alcoholics I know and love. I self medicated for many years and it worked even better after quitting 2 years ago. I still am a little manic, and vaguely depressed under stress, but this treatment has been a lifesaver. I highly recommend giving it a try if your unhappy with your current regimen, but you&#039;ll have to give it time. It took me about 6 months to get the full benefit."
"Sudden attacks of agonizing atopic dermatitis that resisted all cortisone creams.
My dermatologist prescribed Elidel and it worked! No side effects except my great delight and relief. Now, as another attack has arrived, I paid the outrageous price for a tube, but THAT side effect is small due to its efficacy."
"I started using Adipex-P December 14th 2010 so its been 2 months. First month I lost 12 lbs second month I lost only 2 pounds. It is very disappointing to only loose 2 pounds in the second month but I guess it is better than nothing. I started out weighting 164 lbs now I weight 150lbs. Total weight loss of 14 lbs. I am 5&quot;4&quot;, I have a thyroid condition which makes it very hard for me to lose weight. This is my last month for the medication and from what I read here I have to be careful and not go cold turkey off the medication so I don&#039;t gain the weight back. I started taking half a pill instead of whole pill and I wont take the pills on the weekends. I want to go down to 135lbs."
"Started taking oramorph after staying in hospital with a prolapsed l5/s1 disc. Urgent surgery is required within 4 weeks so was given 30mg of morphine slow release also. I couldn&#039;t walk because of spasms in my spine but now I am mobile. However, I seem to suffer from itchiness. This is the only problem I have. I also take diclofenac, gabapentin and paracetamol."
"This was the worst drop I tried and I&#039;ve tried a lot. My doctor didn&#039;t ask me if I had any heart problems and I do. it was just a bad situation all around."
"Took over a month for my numbers to begin coming down. Now, after 6 weeks, I&#039;m lower than anything obtained on my previous meds, but still not down to &#039;normal&#039;. Injections are not a problem. I&#039;ve been giving my wife B-12 shots for years, so I know to not be timid about sticking the needle in. Does it hurt? Not really. Just a prick that&#039;s not any worse than the prick needed for using my meter. Did develop a few nodules that are slow about going away, but they are not sensitive or uncomfortable. No nausea and my appetite is similar to before. Don&#039;t like the cost but expect to stay with Bydureon."
"Strattera was like water through my system, dirty water; did nothing except give me terrible distress: Stomach aches, terrible constipation, nausea, constant dry heaves, and, at last, vomiting that almost had me fail my last school semester. Oh, did I mention the irritability at all the side effects?
Had to quit cold turkey"
"I take this medicine for seviere morning sickness. I would have lost my job if it weren&#039;t for this medicine! It&#039;s the best! I only have good things to say about it! The only side effects I have are light headaches, anxiety at night sometimes, not often, and constipation but I will take any of those any day over having to be glued to the toilet and in bed for 3 or more months!"
"I got the Paraguad inserted a few days before I left for France. I took the pill that softens your cervix the night before and Advil a few hours before. I was also on my period which supposedly makes the insertion easier. The procedure barely hurt at all! Just a little discomfort like a Pap smear but for slightly longer. I had moderate period craps that day and I was back to normal the day after! After day one, I have felt to good! I feel invincible and excited to know that I will not be having any accidental babies! I love not worrying about having to take the pill. I am curious how this will affect my next period but so far I love it so much and the procedure seriously was not bad for me at all. Good luck guys!"
"This is the worst I&#039;ve felt without being called sick.  Headaches, neckache, fatigue, depression while I was taking it.  Stopped taking the medication half way through.  Now I&#039;m on Cipro.  I will NEVER take this medication again.  Makes you wonder if there was a trial period before it was put on the market.  I&#039;m usually tolerant of medication, and I know I have a high pain threshold, but this was something else.  Also makes me wonder about drug manufacturers, especially now with the presidential elections are fast approaching.   Most women are the ones experiencing UTI&#039;s, and most CEO&#039;s who are in charge of these big drug companies are men.  Go figure!"
"My doctor wanted me to try a long acting morphine, taken every 12 hours. I was concerned about the sleepiness issue as I was taking many pain medications. So she also prescribed 250 mg of Nuvigil. Like some of these reviews, it was fine for a while but I started noticing late afternoon sleepiness. I was already on the highest dosage. My doctor said it was okay to take half the tablet with the medications I take on rising in the morning and the other half later in the morning. It&#039;s made a wonderful difference in my ability to focus and stay awake during the day and I don&#039;t have any problems falling asleep at night. It&#039;s greatly improved my quality of life and ability to continue working."
"I was on this patch for about 3 months, then it stopped working right and was giving me irregular periods and making me really sick. When I finally stop using it last November, I had symptoms of withdrawal and the sickness I was feeling before was intensified. I had not realized it at the time but the patch was majorly affecting my mood, to the point where I would snap at my boyfriend for flicking through channels the wrong way. Now that I am off it and it is all out of my system, I am finally getting back to normal and am myself again. "
"So much horrible information in the comment section, my god, no wonder everyone is a mess! First off, Suboxone should NOT be used LONG TERM, thats just wasted money in Big Pharmas pocket. Secondly, normal opiate withdrawls (PAWS) is only 3 to 7 days (I&#039;ve never had more than 4), medicine like oxycodone has a SUPER SHORT half life and is out of your body quickly. The issue is that you brain needs time to rebalance itself so you become hypersensitive with the flood of chemicals as they try to even out. Suboxone has a 36hr half life give or take so a day after you take it plus some added time, its still in your system. Suboxone should be taken for 4 or 5 days tops, that will have it in your system up to the 7 day point. Thats all you need."
"I have been on contrave 1 month and lost 12 lbs. My appetite is gone! I have to remind myself to eat but even then I eat very littl and put it aside. My grocery bill is down by half. Which covers the cost of the medication. As far as side effects I had mild nausea a few times during the first 2 weeks but really it was so mild and infrequent I hardly remember it. I&#039;m shocked to read some of these reviews that express &quot;horrible&quot; side effects. What gives with that I can&#039;t understand. I mean we are all different but really, horrible violent nausea and vomiting? I wonder if you took it right or what other medications you are taking.  Oh well, the only side effect I can report is mild to moderate constipation easily relieved by colace. I&#039;m HAPPY!"
"I give it an 8 or 10.....the other end would be a 1/10 :)
DO NOT take this during your waking hours...Yeesh
This was prescribed for pain related to Neuropathy. I was told to take one before sleep and I would be good to go. Suffice to say, I have no idea if I hurt in my sleep because THIS PILL is the proverbial sledge hammer.
 I have an odd metabolism. I take one AROUND 4pm and I start yawning by 9....and do not wake for a MINIMUM of 12 hours.
SO!
If you need sleep...this will do it. If you need pain relief at night...well, I suppose if you are unconscious, that works as well :) Sometimes I wake with back pain from having to pee so bad. if your bladder is weak, you may have &quot;other&quot; issues"
"I have had problems with constant bleeding for years, I have tried every birth control option, including pills, the shot, the patch, you name it I tried it. Nothing stopped the bleeding. Went to 6 different doctors looking for answers, no one could tell me why this was happening. I decided to get the implant put in a week ago. 24 hours after it was put in, the bleeding stopped. No cramps, no bleeding, no worrying about it. BEST birth control option for me."
"I have been on Zoloft for the past 12 years, and it truly gave me my life back.  It was a God send.  I am still taking 150mg per day, but have noticed more anxiety and depression lately.  I question whether it is working anymore. My doctor wants to wean me off Zoloft and put me on Lexapro.  I am torn over what to do. I don&#039;t want to be like I was before I started taking Zoloft, and I am so afraid to go off it."
"My experience with MS ER 15 mg is it didn&#039;t help at all the MS IR 15 mg worked better. Now Does anyone know the differences between MS ER and MS SR? I think they gave me the wrong script. I always take 30 mg of MS ER and today was given MS SR."
"I was on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 3 months. I just stopped taking it didn&#039;t even finish the pack. I noticed I was eating A LOT more, constant appetite. I step on the scale to see I&#039;ve gained about 20lbs never before had I ate like that. My breasts as well got noticeably bigger. My emotions were up and down horrible mood swings and depression as well. I would have no cramping barely any bleeding which was great since I was used to such bad cramping and heavy periods. I&#039;ve been off for about 4 days now and I just got my period and the terrible cramps have started."
"i was offered this by my doctor due to excessively heavy periods(i am 51 and possibly starting menopause) i had tried trans acid tablets  and the mini pill both which did not make any difference. i decided to give this a try on 10/05/2016. i can only say this has changed my life. i have had no period since having the injection i did spot for a few weeks but even this was better than i had been experiencing (they used to last 4 weeks and i had to take change of clothes to work as they were so heavy and sleep on towels in bed) no weight gain no acne and im tired any way this was before the injection . i have just had my 2nd injection and feel fine. i know different things work for different people, wish i had been offered it sooner."
"I took Paroxetine for 13 years, and I felt great all the time. It is wonderful for treating anxiety, but I took myself off it because I am on Tramadol and it warns not to take it with SSRI&#039;s since it could cause seratonin syndrome. I really miss it, but I had no other option. I need the Tramadol for spine pain. Don&#039;t know what to take in its place. By the way, neither my dr or my pharmacist worry about taking the two together, but I&#039;m 72 and I don&#039;t need any more problems."
"Nauzene chewable tablets purchased at local drug store for nausea. This is controlling the awful nausea I am experiencing. I was ready to stop at day 2 as I was so miserable. Nauzene to the rescue. I&#039;m only at day 4 of taking Contrave but my appetite has noticeably decreased. I am hopeful this will help me get my weight under control."
"I have been on bydureon for 3 injections. I was put on it to aid with weight loss cause my body doesn&#039;t produce enough insulin. I&#039;m so happy no side effects so far, I lost 8lbs in 2 weeks and 4 days. I&#039;m also excersizing with the injections and eating right. I&#039;m happy I have something to help the weight loss."
"I started taking this pill about a year ago and it&#039;s been complete hell since I started. The first week and half, I&#039;m unbearable nauseous and hardly have an appetite. At first I thought these symptoms would subside, but they never did. The next week and half, I&#039;m cursed with almost extreme PMS symptoms. Ridiculous bloating, awful acne, breast pain; you name it. My periods last an entire week and I get debilitating cramps, so bad to where they make me sick the first few days. I tried to wait it out the year but it&#039;s only gotten worse. This birth control has given me the worst anxiety, migraines, heart palpitations, and I&#039;m dizzy constantly. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone, not even my worst enemies. Please be cautious when using this."
"This medication has changed my life. I also take Effexor. Diagnosed with bipolar.  I feel calm, capable, confident, energetic, stable &amp; happy.  I was in a terrible state before I started it, severely depressed, anxiety, anger and I was even hospitalized for my behavior and suicidal thoughts.  My only concern is what I&#039;ve read about withdrawals but it is worth to me to have my life back."
"Week 0  two injections,  sting like bee but I started to see result next day, I had been diagnosed with several condition, from head to toe.
Before week 2 and 3rd injection no more flakes  and some of the areas were clear already,  my 4th injection will be next Wednesday,  but last weekend it was the first time in several years that I went to a swimming pool. I&#039;m wearing shorts again, short sleeves.  I still have dark spot but they are clearing so fast, no red skin anywhere. I have use so many drugs Enbrel,  otezla, humira  so many different creams,  nothing work as good and as fast like TALZ   I have been with this condition for over 30 yrs.   No side effects until today
My nephew introduce me with this drug, he has great results also."
"I have lived on a formal pain regimine for many years.  Among other conditions, I live with psoriatic arthritis and deal with IBS/here from sensitivities to some medications.  My internist prescribed Voltaren Gel for me a few years ago. My pharmacist told me to use it sparingly, that with this product less is more.  I have followed her advice and use it on an as needed basis for pain that my regular meds  just don&#039;t  seem to control.  Like when I blew a tendon in my foot walking my Service Dog or when I fell and wound up with a non-displaced fracture of my tibia.  Using Voltaren Gel helped me control the pain so well that I was able to walk with a cane.  It is AMAZING how effective it has been for me."
"I stated that I would come back to this site with the results of my endoscopy after taking Pylera and the bacteria has been eradicated. Pylera worked for me!! I am a very satisfied customer. I hope this review will be helpful to others. Hang in there if you are taking it and having a rough time."
"I&#039;m a 22 year old female who has struggled with acne since I was 11. I have been on doxycycline (100 mg/day) for the past few years but have struggled with taking it as prescribed (daily) because of the severity of the nausea/vomiting that would cause me to miss school. I talked to my dermatologist and she prescribed me a coated tablet, which was significantly easier to digest. Down side: the coated tablet was much more expensive, even with good insurance. With the coated tablet, I notice no negative side-effects. This medication works fast. As soon as I would begin taking it for 5-7 days straight, I would notice a difference in my face, fewer new breakouts. As soon as I stopped, however, the breakouts would begin to slowly appear again."
"So far I have had two shots and am due for my third one next week.  I have not had any side effects at all.  In fact, strangely, before my first shot I would have constant dull aching and soreness/pain in my hips and pelvic area.  Within a month of my first shot that was gone.  It returned a month before my second shot and again left once that shot got into my system.  Again, this last month the pain has returned and I am due for the shot next week so I hope the pain goes away again.  I know that Prolia isn&#039;t meant to help with pain, but it seems to be doing something there for me.  I am not due for a DEXA until 2016 so I don&#039;t yet know how effective it is for my bones yet."
"Second time taking this anabiotic, first time it wasn&#039;t bad at all. No symptoms for me. This time on the 4th or 5th day I woke with a headache then the nausea on top of all that I can&#039;t sleep at night I&#039;m usually knocked out around 10ish for work in wide awake, like no sleep is in my future lol don&#039;t mean to laugh but gotta cheer up some how. I also have no appetite, &amp; it&#039;s not because of the nausea. Not sure what&#039;s different this time, but I don&#039;t ever want to go through this again, restless nights so tired &amp; can&#039;t sleep. Not cool at all!! But I found a remedy take some Pepto-Bismol it coats your stomach &amp; will help with the  nauseous feeling a lot. It helped me &amp; I had to make myself eat even though I had no  appetite Hope this was some help"
"Been on the pill (specifically this pill) since I was 15 and now I am 28. I am more than hapoy with the pill. I have never had issues with weight gain (unless I am hogging into a box of cookies), no acne, mood swings, and no pregnancy scares. Extremely predictable periods that are super minor 1 heavy day and light-regular for the other 3 days-4 day period and done. Best thing I have ever done. Period. I recommend it for sure, but obviously it won&#039;t be the same for everyone."
"This medicine has worked wonders, with my congestive heart failure, high blood pressure and atrial fibrillation."
"I&#039;m back to tell my progress with Stribild! I had labs done week ago and seen the doc yesterday. I&#039;ve been on Stribild for at least 3 months got started late on them was diagnosed of having HIV in December 2012. My VL is at 90 and my CD4 dropped maybe because I wasn&#039;t on meds at the time for two years from 325 to 190 so now I&#039;m considered having full blown Aids. He said once I&#039;m at that stage I will always have Aids but the virus is coming down and CD4 coming up but I am healthy he said. He put me on Bactrim for Pneumonia. But I workout a lot and he said that really helps so that&#039;s all I got to say thanks Stribild."
"Ive had a history abusing Adderall here and there due to my addictive nature so being prescribed this medicine raised concerns between my family and doctor. Because of my horrible ADHD we decided to give it a chance and its nothing compared to the &#039;kick in the nuts&#039; Adderall is known for. My grades have improved in school, my mood is slightly elevated and my cavings for sugar have ceased. It has not affected my sleep and so far works great. This is my experience and everyone reacts differently. I highly suggest this medication for anyone like me who has ADHD and possible addiction issues. Its rate of abuse is very slim because it seems to &#039;ceiling&#039; like Suboxone for opiate addicts. Lets go build some robots!"
"I&#039;m 44 and recently asked my doctor to test for testosterone levels.  It turned out that I was 218 on a 338 to 1000 scale.  My urologist started me on Testim trial pack, but insurance only covered for Androgel and Foresta.  Switched to Androgel 1/2 way through the trial pack.  I could tell a dip in energy when I switched to Androgel.  At 2 pumps per day for a month T-level 238 - feel better but not as good as Testim. From what I can tell, it depends on the persons absorption level.  Some people are better with one medicine over another.  I&#039;m going to try Foresta at next Dr. visit since I&#039;m not seeing a difference with 3 pumps."
"Effexor
I have tried many drugs but found that &quot;in my case&quot; they are not necessary.  I went for an ultrasound on my carotid vein.  The doctors said the flow was in the normal range but you could see that they were narrow. I went out of country to have them widened... No more anxiety and depression....drugs are cheaper and more profitable than minor surgery.  I will return for stents.

"
"What a JOKE!  Doesn&#039;t do anything unless you count the side effects! You&#039;ll only accept constructive criticism, so, avoid a gut ache added to pain, slow burning urination when you NEVER before had an issue. Doctors really need to LISTEN to patients, and stop assuming that they know more about my body than I do. This MAY work for some, or it may be a placebo effect, but for me it did nothing but add to my problems!   Doctors also need to consider QUALITY of life over QUANTITY. I do NOT want to live with this pain, and if they can&#039;t or won&#039;t give me what works, then let me go. I have enough without risking a stroke too!"
"I have been taking Belviq since July 19th (almost 6 months) and this pill has changed my life. I have lost 54 pounds and I plan on taking it the rest of my life to control my hunger. The lose it app is awesome also!!"
"After being unstable for years this medication has changed my life. I have been stable for two years now and wouldn&#039;t change for anything in the world. It has changed my life"
"This is another update... I started taking the medicine on 6/23. I was 301 pounds. Today, 7/3, I am 287! 14 pounds in 10 days- not too shabby :) I noticed that I haven&#039;t lost any weight in the past 2 days, so I&#039;m going to play with my diet some. Also, I&#039;ve noticed that if I take the medicine before 11am, I&#039;m STARVING by bedtime. I now take it between 11-11:30 and it keeps me feeling full throughout the day. I only eat one small meal after this. I will update again next week with my progress!"
"I have been taking Saxenda since March 1, 2016.  In the last 5 months and 1 week, I have lost 48 lbs.  I started out at 268 lbs and am now at 220 lbs.  This medication has been life changing for me.  The only side effect I experience is constipation.  I try to combat this by drinking lots of water and taking Senokot at bedtime.  If anyone has better suggestions for this, I&#039;d love to hear as this is my greatest struggle at the moment. I give myself the injection at night before bed.  My goal is to lose another 40 lbs before I re-evaluate where I am with the medication.  My appetite has drastically lowered, so I find I really need to ensure I&#039;m making smart choices when eating, like adding healthy fats to give me more calories."
"Very effective when used twice a day for nasal congestion, runny nose, sneezing and seasonal allergies."
"I was becoming very paranoid for no reason at all and in fact I felt I was justified!  This takes all that away and helps me sleep at night too."
"I&#039;m only on day 3 of meds, dose is 2 x a day for the week. Must say I see an improvement already! I&#039;ve had BV for months and no prescription helped. I&#039;ve tried things for my flora, ph, baths, alkaline water, vitamin c, you name it. 3 days in, and I&#039;m already happier. No odor, no discharge, finally !!! Relief from this awful embarrassment. Yes, the pill can taste bad, however I take a sip of milk BEFORE and after taking the dose. Hadn&#039;t the 1st time and it tastes awful yes, but the milk coats your throat nicely and haven&#039;t tasted it since doing that. As for side effects I definitely have a suppressed appetite but I&#039;m not complaining. The benefits of taking the Flagyl much outweigh any negative I can see."
"Use of Viagra eliminated the ED symptoms caused by my Parkinson&#039;s Disease. Started use at 25 MG but have recently found it necessary after five years to use 50 MG tablets. Compared to generics available in Canada,
price is much too high in U.S."
"100% pleased with Sklice. When it was time to wash out, dead bugs came out  and a week later haven&#039;t seen anything else.  Very Sticky just like glue, so start at the scalp! I also combed though bc its so sticky to ensure it got everywhere."
"I take opiates every day, and a side effect of this is severe constipation. I would often go weeks without having a bowel movement. When I did go, it was painful and required a lot of work and time. I have tried other solutions and MiraLax is the best by far. I took one cap full every day and on the second day I had a small bowel movement. I kept taking it and the very next day I had the first normal bowel movement in years. No cramping, no straining and no pain. I cannot recommend MiraLax enough. It is so gentle, yet works so well! If you suffer with constipation don&#039;t suffer anymore! Try MiraLax!"
"I experienced attacks of gout from my 20&#039;s on - debilitating pain in a foot joint being the most common symptom. I&#039;d have half a dozen attacks of this per year lasting a few days.

I finally went to a doctor in my early 30&#039;s and was put on a daily Allopurinol regime, and I haven&#039;t had an attack since.  I&#039;m currently in my mid 60&#039;s.

Over the past 6 years I&#039;ve significantly altered my lifestyle, dropped 60 lbs, exercise far more often, and no longer eat meat, so I&#039;m considering asking my doctor if I should try going off the medication.  But overall, it has been a blessing to me."
"experienced cramps 4 days leading up to getting my period but it came two days early. super thankful for this pill."
"I am extremely sensitive to antibiotic side effects so avoid them whenever possible. Usually I take D-Mannose for Urinary or vaginal (yeast) infections but I was out of it and needed something NOW.  Doc called in Macrodantin because I cannot tolerate Cipro or most other ABs.  2nd day on pills and so far zero stomach pain or nausea. I have not noticed a reduction in the pain from the UTI yet so hoping by tonight will see relief.  BTW: look up D-mannose.  I have used it for over 10 yrs and it has stopped the UTI&#039;s and yeast infections if I take it as soon as I feel something.  It is a sugar so you can take it every day if needed without any complications.  It works by detaching the bacteria from the body. Buy the powder. 2 tsp/day"
"I have been dealing with right leg pain for over 8 months, tried chiropractor, physical therapy massage, epidural shots after MRI showed narrowing of the spine where the sciatic nerve runs through. Went to specialist starting me on Gabapentin 100mg 3 times a day now. Been on it for 6 days now with one of my Zipsor 25mg every now and then not every 4 hrs like before, feeling much better so far. Still have some pain but tolerable! Love the Gapapentin, was a little drowsy first couple of days now I&#039;m fine. My miracle -No surgery for now! "
"I was diagnosed as early as nine with GAD as the years passed it got so bad that I was put on disability at the age of 27 for a year. I had lost many jobs and relationships. I became an agoraphobic and this lasted almost 2 years. I have been seeing an amazing Dr. and he recommended Klonopin since it was longer acting. I told him I would think about it as I had been taking ativan for years and assumed it was working (while I was still trapped inside my house, panic would subside a bit in my safety zone with the ativan.) Anyways, after many sessions with my Dr and trying many medications I was diagosed with GAD, Panic Disorder with Agoriphobia. I had never even heard the term panic disorder but it fit me to a T. Nothing has worked better for me"
"I started using Adipex on March 31.  Today is April 2nd.  I used to drink at LEAST 2 cups of coffee a day.  I haven&#039;t thought about or needed coffee at all since I&#039;ve been taking Adipex. I was a chronic pusher-of-the-snooze-button 20 times every morning.  Now, I wake up feeling refreshed and energized.  The dry mouth?  I personally think it&#039;s the best part.  I&#039;m drinking a liter of water a day.  I don&#039;t think I drank a liter of water the entire year of 2008.  I haven&#039;t weighed myself yet. I&#039;m trying to hold off as long as possible but I can say that my face has gotten a lot thinner.  So if I haven&#039;t lost any weight I know its coming."
"I&#039;m almost 18 and have been on birth control to help with my mood swings and prementrual syndrome symptoms. I did notice that it helped out with my acne and mood swings. I&#039;m generally happier. I used to cry about the most randomest things. I do notice that my breasts are very tender and they hurt all the time now. Overall I think it helped a lot."
"I have been in and out of an addiction until this. I take one a day and am amazed by the feeling of not wanting opiates. "
"I have been taking Adderal  for 2 years now (3 of the 30mg tablets a day). It&#039;s a great way to get your work done in school and anything else you may need motivation to do. It also makes me more social and interesed in things I wouldn&#039;t normally be interested in.
The bad thing about it is that if you go even one day without it you eat 3 times more than you usually would and you feel irritable and agitated.

overall- coudlnt live without it"
"I have been taking Lo Loestrin Fe for over A year now, it&#039;s the best birth control I&#039;ve ever taken, I use to have heavy cycles, the worst cramps, and would have to take off work because of being nausea and sick once a month. I would wear ultra tampon with the biggest pads u could find! My iron was low because of how much blood I would lose a month. Since my doctor prescribed this pill I have maintain my weight, I no longer take iron tablets and my periods are very light. It still comes on but sometimes it skips a month and the next month it may stay on two weeks. Long as you maintain a healthy diet it works out fine! Give this a try and see if it works for you!!"
"I have been on Mirtazapine for 2 months now. I have a history of major depression, suicidal behavior and anxiety. I was on Sertraline (Zoloft) for 1 year but discontinued after I felt &#039;better&#039;. 6 months later, in April this year, I relapsed. But Sertraline didn&#039;t work and I needed a new anti-depressant. Mirtazapine helped with my sleep from the first night I took it. and within a week my mood was much better. 2 months on and I am elated, sleeping better and in general feel amazing. And this is only on a 15mg dose! My appetite has also improved and the only side effects I have been having with Mirtazapine is drowsiness. Which was a benefit in my eyes, as it helps me fall asleep. No more insomnia, no more depression and no more anxiety!"
"I&#039;ve been on phentermine 30mg for 9 weeks and have lost only 6.2#.  That averages out to less than 3/4# weight loss per week.  I went to my doctor today to report how it was working and we decided to crank it up to the 37mg dosage.  Only time will tell how that works but I&#039;m quite disappointed in the results.  I was hoping for much better results.  :("
"I love this birth control. I was put in it after my son was born and haven&#039;t had any problems or side effects. I was also on it before my son, but stopped because I wasn&#039;t sexually active."
"I started having some problems maintaining an erection at age 56.  I&#039;m in excellent health, take no meds, and stay in very good shape.  Getting the erection wasn&#039;t the problem, but it started to peter out :) after 5 or so minutes and eventually return with a lot of effort.  Well, that&#039;s NO fun. I actually have had excellent results cutting a 5mg tab in half, and taking every three days.  I&#039;ve had results up to 4 days between doses.  This stuff is amazing.  I&#039;ve had no aches as some have reported, and just a touch of nasal congestion, but since I have allergies, I&#039;m always just a tiny bit stuffy anyway.  If I wasn&#039;t looking for it, I probably wouldn&#039;t notice the congestion.  Anyway, a true miracle."
"I had this inserted in October 2014 and I haven&#039;t had my period since. I do get an occasional trace of it, but that its. I chose this birth control because I wasn&#039;t very good and remembering to take the pill and I did not want to get pregnant. The fact that I don&#039;t get my period is an added bonus."
"Hi. I am on day 16 of 10mg. The first 6 days I was very tired, excessively. But the majority of my anxiety was gone by then.  Days 6-8 I had severe insomnia, it passed and by day 9 I had no racing thoughts before going to slep. Today is day 16. I feel better about my life circumstances. I have a 9 year old with Aspergers. I am no longer spending every waking moment obsessing over what will become of his future. My cognitve functioning seems clearer.  Have been able to keep up more with home chores. Still not as energised as I would like to be. Coffee makes me more jittery since starting the meds. I can now tell the differnce between caffeine jitters and my real anxiety though.
I am hoping that by week 6-8 I have even more clarity."
"I suffered from depression and general anxiety disorder. After Effexor, I experienced memories I long forgot which cleared up a lot of confusion.  Today I am clear on all the negative emotional feelings I experienced and when I cannot afford to buy it for a few days, I really experience depression, anxiety and confusion on my own self worth, life, etc.  I feel this medicine is a God-send for me."
"I am 5&#039;8&quot; and have never had weight issues up until this last year.  No matter how little I ate or how much exercise I completed my weight continued to climb.  Hitting 181 lbs my doctor agreed to put me on Saxenda injections.  I started 6/8/16 experiencing slight nausea (especially if I eat bread or drink alcohol).  Needless to say I am steering away from bread, pretzels,  etc...  As of today I am down 5 lbs and very excited to see what the future holds.  This is the first time my weight has moved in the right direction :) I have maintained my workout regimen of three times a week boot camps and daily 30 mins plus of walking my dogs, etc.  I recommend Saxenda to anyone that is in a &quot;slump&quot; and is ready to take control of their weight."
"I had Mirena inserted at 10 weeks postpartum.  There was a little cramping but I&#039;ve had worse cramping during my period than having this inserted.  I have 2 kids and had c-sections with both.  Only ever got to 4 cm with the first one so they did a repeat c-section w/ the second. I love it. I don&#039;t have to think about birth control and I&#039;ve had it for 4 months now and no problems.  I&#039;ve recommended it to all my friends."
"I have OCD, GAD, panic attacks, depression. I was on respirdone several years ago at 2 mg and then 3 mg, and it worked great. I forget why I was taken off of it, but a little over a month ago, I was put back on it; however, I had to switch to name brand then because the generic of Risperdal was making me not be able to think and almost be in a trance. Now I am on 1 mg of brand name risperdal and it works very well for alll these problems (I also am on some other meds with it) but especially my OCD."
"I&#039;ve had OCD and anxiety all my life.  I&#039;m in my 50&#039;s now, and about 8 months ago I finally sought help in the way of medication.  For years I had been going to a therapist to try non-medicinal ways of managing my OCD and anxiety.   It helped sometimes, but mostly day to day was exhausting at times with intrusive thoughts that led to anxiety and panic attacks.  My psychologist started me on 10 mg for 2 weeks, then to 20 mg.  Over time she has slowly increased me to 40 mg.  I had some side effects, like tiredness, but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle.  I&#039;d say the worst side effect is with sex, but we&#039;ve added Welbutrin which has helped.  Doing great on 40 mg but still not at 100%.  Increasing me to 50 mg in the next week."
"Terrible BC pill
Spotting, weight gain and horrible cystic acne like I have never had before. Sure there are no heavy periods but it&#039;s not worth all the side effects! Stay away from this medicine. Have given it 3 months - too long should have given up sooner - ruined face over the holidays."
"I have a hysterectomy 6 weeks ago. For the first two weeks I was on estrodiL pill 1mg. It was horrible, I cried everyday, was depressed, didn&#039;t eat, and didn&#039;t feel like me at all I felt like a zombie. I wasn&#039;t sleeping and had heart palpitations with hot flushes. My Dr switched me to the patch and I change it twice a week. The patch and pill are like night and night for me. I now feel like myself again and also finally get to sleep. I haven&#039;t really had any side effects except for a few headaches the first week.  I will stay on this as long as I possibly can.  It&#039;s working well for me. The pharmacy at first gave me the 15.00 generic patch but I returned it for the minivelle name brand and pay 45."
"I&#039;ve taken Dexilant for 3 years and have had excellent results with no real side effects. Before that I was on Nexium for 8 years, but for some reason it became less effective for me and I ended up with serious esophagaitis (complicated by hiatal hernia). My doctor took me off Nexium, and I tried to survive for about 6 months on OTC antacids and modified diet. This did not work...I changed gastroenterologists and the new one prescribed Dexilant. It has worked very well for me ever since. My only issue has been stomach gas, not sure if that is a side effect or not. I also have to limit certain foods like onion, garlic, and similar &quot;gassy&quot; foods. The GERD is well controlled now, bottom line."
"By far the most effective med ! Start at least on 30mg a day, only side effect insomnia but has gotten better ! Been on it for 4 weeks . Combined with 40mcg of t3 (Thyroid med) as mood stabilizer. Helped so much with motivation and energy."
"I had a traumatic experience with an ex-boyfriend of mine three years back and I&#039;ve been fine. I am now deployed and doing missions in Iraq and have seen a few explosions and what not and I think that&#039;s what triggered my Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. I was hesitant about trying medicines but they said I could take them and still go out on the road. So far they seem to be helping lighten my mood and actually want to get out of bed in the morning and not worry or get irritated and paranoid at random times like I normally would. I am also taking it with clonazepam, which is helping a lot! No side effects yet, hopefully none to come! "
"Horrible! I ended up
Losing my hair and not losing weight after 3 months. Since then it&#039;s been really hard to get my hair back to normal growth and strength. I do have hypothyroid and wanted an aid to help me lose weight. I took my self off this pill immediately after noticing my hair loss. 
It&#039;s very expensive as well."
"I was on cymbalta. It worked some, but there were many times it wasn&#039;t too spectacular. I have very little or no pain when I take the Lodine 2x a day. There are times I only take it once a day because if my stomach is off, it can bother it. Otherwise, it works better than anything else I&#039;ve been on."
"One week on it now.  Went up to 1 pill twice a day now and finally feel like it is helping my appetite. I have lost 3 lbs since last week. I thought my appetite was increased last week but I guess I did better than I thought.  No side effects....no nausea, constipation.  Maybe a little more irritable.  Feeling confident about it!"
"I started taking birth control at 18 years old, I am now 25. I was on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen for about 5 years, did great on it. Due to insurance I had to switch to Trinessa, heavier periods and more mood swings followed. Now the pharmacy gave my Tri-Sprintec because they don&#039;t carry Trinessa. I am on day 8 and am getting more nauseous by the day. The Pharmacist assured me that Trinessa and Tri-Sprintec are the exact same medicines, just made by two different manufacturers, but I have never felt so nauseous in my life. I know pregnancy is not even a consideration because my period just ended the week I started taking the Tri-Sprintec. I will be switching back to Trinessa next month, no matter the cost! Hope this helps someone with similar situation!"
"Tranxene-SD (Clorazepate-Single Dose) has helped immensely for my worry, anxiety, and major panic disorder! I take 22.5mg in the morning (2x 11.25 tablets) and Klonopin (Clonazepam) for my major panic disorder. The Tranxene-SD helps keep the all day anxiety and worry from erupting into a panic attack to where I have to take the Klonopin. It keeps me calm until I feel the need I have to take the Klonopin. It&#039;s been around since 1972, and it works great. I recommend it for all day anxiety!"
"As with all antidepressants, I tend to peak after about 5 years and my medication begins to lose its efficacy. This is the third time I have had Effexor prescribed, and each time the results have been better than with any other antidepressant. I actually enjoy parts of my life and sleep like a baby, which is a true blessing, because I have Fibromyalgia and the accompanying insomnia so common with Fibromyalgia. Several years ago my brother-in-law was having trouble with his depression medications so I told him to ask his doctor about Effexor. He has gone from suicidal to a fairly happy fellow. This medicine has literally been a life saver in our family."
"I was having trouble keeping an erection at age of 41. Then my doctor gave me a sample pack of 40mg Cialis.  Lets just say I made my girlfriend very happy.  The only problem is my insurance does not cover it so I pay out of pocket.  "
"My son has an EJ of 29. He took 1 per day of the smallest dose and his EJ is up to 35. However, his legs, feet and ankles swelled a lot. He is now taking HCTZ daily for the swelling and it is working. If the swelling stays down for another week I am going to give him this twice a day. If he swells I will go back to the once daily."
"Combined with Remeron, it initially lifted my mood for a few days, but it made me too tired to function when I took it during the day. Also, it may have contributed to seriously compulsive eating (though Remeron is implicated in that too). The worst aspect was this weird agitation in my brain. It felt like there was a traffic jam of thoughts every so often and this went away when I stopped taking the drug. Everyone&#039;s brain is different though. "
"I took Ella one on the 28th of September 4 days after intercourse with my partner as my implanon had been expired for 3 days which I was not aware of until after, so in panic, took the Ella one tablet. 

I did not notice no side effects except from a brown discharge after taking and slight cramps on and off for the next 3 weeks and a little sickness. I also had tender breasts. I was convinced I was pregnant as a week had passed from my period due date of the 8th of October, by this time symptoms had stopped and I started getting cramps again, I finally came on my period on October 22nd just over 2 weeks late!!! 

I would recommend Ella to anyone in my position as it worked for me."
"I&#039;ve been on this for over a year. Works very well. I have one side affect, tingling in my feet. I eat alot of greens and bananas to help with that. I lost 45 lbs because of it as well. I take Vitamin B-12 to help with my memory because of the seizure meds...like every seizure meds can affect your memory."
"I only had one shot in august 2016. I did not go back for my second shot I had a really bad experience on the depo, from hair fall, weight gain, depression to lower sex drive, all in the first 3 months of using this. Even though I didn&#039;t go back I&#039;m still bleeding everyday, it&#039;s not heavy bleeding but it still takes a lot of money out of your pocket to constantly buy buy pantyliners. This week I started to get this bubbly feeling in abdomen, lower back pain, gassiness, constipation.  So I&#039;m going to a doctor to get it checked out it. Could have turn into something much serious as I started to bleed more. I would not recommend this shot or even the implanon."
"This medicine has saved me from surgery twice now.  The first time was when I was first diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s Ileitis and had an abscess in my abdomen from a crack in my intestines and also several fistulas.  One doctor wanted to remove them surgically, another said lets try metronidazole.  So I was given IV metro for a couple days and then 1000 mg/day for a week or two (can&#039;t recall exactly how long it was), and the infection completely disappeared.  I was also given Humira, but that certainly didn&#039;t help with the infection.  The second time is actually right now.  My GI doc said I need surgery to remove my appendix and resect my ileum.  My bloodwork was showing infection, but I was put on 1000 mg/day of metronidazole and now its gone."
"Just had 3rd remicade infusion, can&#039;t believe all I&#039;m able to do. Due to some joint damage in knees and hips, not totally free of pain. Best I&#039;ve felt in years. Severely reduced prednisone after 3 years, plan to stop. Diagnosed in 2013, but have had symptoms off and on for 25 Years. Little to no improvement with humira, enbrel, orencia, Actemra,plaquenil,methotrexate made me sick, xeljanz,sulfasalazine. Vitamins, no sugar, wheat or milk helped me also. Joint pain and swelling nearly gone. Praying it lasts, thanking God."
"This medication made me head into a bad downer and I was  agitated. When I titrated up to 50mg twice a day I had several agitated and had suicidal episodes which were worse than anything I&#039;ve had in my life. When I discontinued it I started becoming manic. I then ended up in the hospital. I&#039;m going back to only using Rexulti after this at a higher dose."
"This stuff to me was the miracle drug. I had been put on Imuran, Asacol, and neither of them helped at all. In fact, they worsened the condition. My new doctor put me on Cellcept and within 3-4 days, all of the symptoms were gone, like there was never a problem to start with. To me, Cellcept is the greatest thing since sliced bread."
"I had a gastric bypass and used this medicine and it works. The taste is bad but it is well worth it. I give it 2 thumbs up."
"I would NOT suggest this drug.  I normally do not get side effects from drugs that are prescribed to me.  Let me tell you, I had the worse side effects possible.  Day 1 - I took my first pill in the AM, I was kind of scared so I took it with breakfast, no caffeine and only water.  About 2 hours into the meds, my heart started to race, my mind was going crazy &amp; I could not concentrate.  I was sick to my stomach.  There were several occasions where I thought I should tell my co-workers to call 911, it was that bad.  I was sweating, shaking, it was horrible! 3 hours into the medication I went home sick that day.  I felt like i had the flu.  it took all day, sleeping it off overnight for the meds to wear off.  DO NOT TAKE!! Only 1 day on Meds."
"After my last two birth control experiences (Yaz made me a nightmare and Loestrin 24Fe gave me a rash and hives), this is a welcome change. I&#039;ve had no problems since I started this pill. My mood is even and my periods are fine. I&#039;m glad I finally found one that works for me!"
"I started using Imitrex about two months ago.  It does wonders for me.  I take a short nap in a dark, quiet room after taking the medication and this helps a great deal.  I have not had any side effects.  I love it and recommend it!"
"I&#039;m 63 years old I believe I got hep C in either us army because they used the air gun to give you medication ,or my tattoos that I also got at that time .I was told by my doctor 25 years ago from blood test that I was positive for non a non b hep.I take pretty good care of myself work in trades so you have to keep in shape.from the point I found out been taking blood tests twice a year never had a problem .about 5 months ago my doctor told me my numbers were real high .I stating taking it 2 months ago first 2 weeks got the runs every other day also because I work outside was getting queazy from the sun .the runs started going away after 4 weeks but then I started getting headaches and tired .it felt  like somebody pulled the plug ."
"Got the nexplanon in March of 2015 after I had my son (my kids are 369 days apart so I wanted something good) but this has been awful! i have worn a pad for the past year straight. It goes from gross discharge to heavy heavy bleeding and blood clots. I have awful headaches, acne, weight gain, mood swings that are INSANE, I&#039;m rarely happy, always in a bad mood- so angry, NO sex drive- like don&#039;t touch or kiss me. My relationship is horrible, I feel so bad for my fiance. But even worse for my kids, I flip over ridiculous stuff and yell when I shouldn&#039;t. For some reason I thought to read the reviews and all these bad experiences are exactly what&#039;s been happening. DON&#039;T do it. I can&#039;t wait to get this thing cut out!!!"
"Given that I&#039;ve had issues with addiction, my previous psychiatrist would not prescribe me any benzos and instead prescribed me Vistaril, which I found pretty useless. For someone with acute panic and anxiety issues, benzos really should be the first and last word on the topic. Ativan is great. Because of my addiction history, I am very careful with it and never take it more than prescribed. It is enough to make me feel &quot;evened out&quot; during the day without making me loopy, euphoric or sleepy. And at night, it puts me out without giving me a &quot;hangover&quot; the following day like Valium does."
"I started Nexplanon July 2014. I&#039;m not myself at all, my mood has changed, and my body has changed physically. I have gained a total of 50 lbs while on Nexplanon. This birth control takes over your entire body and mind, I can eat an entire dinner (Red Lobster Ultimate Feast), and want more food after. I never feel satisfied after eating, and I constantly crave food items I never did before. In addition, my mood is different I feel depression, extreme anxiety, and have an attitude. While on Nexplanon I have had my period 3 times and each time was actually great! Crazy to admit but I miss having my period because I felt normal knowing my emotions were rational and placed on menstrual cycle. Now, without my period I have begun to feel crazy."
"I have had Implanon since May 2011. I LOVE it. I had very very light bleeding off and on for a few months afterward but none now, the site where it&#039;s at will throb every once in a while, but not bad just annoying. I have actually lost weight, I am a bit more emotional, but I&#039;ve always cried about everything, I haven&#039;t had an increase in headaches or anything, and my sex drive is as good as it&#039;s always been. I&#039;ve never used birth control before Implanon, but I&#039;m glad I made this choice. Insertion was easy. I didn&#039;t feel a thing. She asked if I was numb and I said I don&#039;t know she made a small incision and asked if I felt it and I didn&#039;t. She wrapped a bandage around the site afterward to keep pressure on it, so my bruising was minimal."
"I am 25 and have never been on any kind of birth control prior to this year. After experiencing debilitating period cramps and having horrible acne breakouts on my forehead and cheeks, I decided to see my doctor about going on the pill. I was prescribed Alesse as I was told by my GP that it has been known to help with hormonal acne and help with reducing the severity of period cramps. I have used 1 pack so far and had my first period while using the pill about a week ago -- I experienced no painful cramping and my acne is slowly starting to subside. I have had no side-effects using this pill. I am hoping the positive changes continue!"
"It really helped me out. I used to be on the regular Fioricet and then my migraines got worse and the dr changed me to the Fioricet with codiene. I like this one much better, however it gives me a strange feeling after about 30 min. It&#039;s not a bad feeling but its waaawaaa is the best decription. It helps control my migraines though. I don&#039;t have many side effects except constipation."
"6 months of problems with Cymbalta/Duloxetine &amp; so sick and tired that I&#039;ve thrown them in the bin and with no help and advice from my GP. even though I know that &#039;cold turkey&#039; from snri&#039;s could damage my health. From the outset of taking this drug I had chronic diarrhoea. This lasted 4+ months and have now been diagnosed with microscopic colitis despite no previous gastric problems in my life. I&#039;ve gained the best part of a stone in weight, I was drowsy and sleeping during the daytime. The drug did not vastly reduce my anxiety or depressed moods and did not help with any pain that is caused by my osteoarthritis of spine &amp; knees. Withdrawal symptoms seem to be minimal,10 days of cessation, so fat experienced a little tearful and irritable."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a year now. Its horrible I have gained about 40 lbs almost 5 lbs a month. I&#039;m even eating less than I did before taking this. "
"I had my first Stelara injection 2 months ago (and a booster 30 days ago). The difference is amazing, I have no more flakes, the redness is during to pink. I can wear shorts in public and not be embarrassed. NO side effects at all! This is a fantastic drug."
"Smoked daily for 15 years around a packet. I am now on my second week of quitting. It is terrible in the morning without the coffee and the cigarette. 
I am using around 7 pieces of the gum daily, using the chew and park method. 
It helps me really good, not thinking about smoking that much more on to chewing now. 
It certainly helps to manage the cravings and the anger."
"I&#039;ve taken Cymbalta for almost a year for depression and anxiety. I&#039;m also taking Buspar. My anxiety and depression are noticeably improved. I have tried many of the SSRI&#039;s without any help, but this SNRI is great. I take 40mg/day. I&#039;ve been as high as 60mg/day but found no help at the higher dosage. The only side effect might be a bit of drowsiness. I tried to reduce my dosage quickly and found this is not a drug one wants to &#039;cold-turkey&#039; to get off the drug. The benefits far exceed any bad side effects."
"Was having bad bouts of angina daily. Could not sweep with a broom the entire floor and stood on a nightly basis to try and get to sleep cause. Since ranexa its like I can sleep I can clean a little more. Its just what I need if I can get past all the side effects."
"I started on Jolessa after surgery for endometriosis and have absolutely no complaints. My doctor has me taking two packs continuously without taking the  placebos and it has done wonders in the area of pain. I&#039;ve maintained the same weight, my breasts grew a cup size and I&#039;ve had no spotting. I completely recommend this to anyone!"
"I have been on Stribild since April 2013 and started with a 57,500 viral load and 328 cd4.  Within a month my viral load was down to 25!  As of October 2013 the virus is undetectable and my cd4 is up to 585.  The only side effect is occasional loose stool but that&#039;s it--nothing else!  I take the pill every morning with breakfast.  It works great!"
"I&#039;m 27 yrs old and have been through 2 back surgeries for a couple of herniated discs in my lower back. Over time, as my back pain worsened, I started developing migraines, which started at maybe one a month and soon developed into one a week, lasting 2-3 days at a time. I was forced to take a leave of absence from my job due to my worsening back pain coupled with the nuclear bombs (migraines) erupting inside my head on an almost daily basis. Needless to say, my mood and overall disposition deteriorated rapidly and I had little to no hope that I&#039;d ever return to a normal way of living. That is until my neurologist prescribed me Elavil. Two words: GOD, SEND. Migraines - GONE. Back to work - FULL TIME. Life = AMAZING."
"I was on reclipsen for less than 2 weeks and it caused blood clots. I had DVT and Pulmonary Embolisms. I&#039;m one of the lucky ones that lived through those diagnoses. I had taken other BC on the past and always had terrible side effects but never had an issue with clots. I also have no other contributing factors besides being overweight. I was 26 and never smoked in my life. No genetic issues either. I advise everyone to be careful when considering any birth control option. Know the signs of blood clots. It could save your life. "
"Yes. This is ouch again. I took the first one around midday and it took about five hours to kick in but when it did I have to say I&#039;ll take back that rating of 1 and give a 9 because its working so well. I forgot I even have my period. Only thing is it has kind of burned my stomach and made the pain doubly worse before stopping it completely."
"This medication has helped me in more ways than one. My doctor had me on Vicodin and it seemed to not ease the pain I am in and didn&#039;t do anything for my headaches. "
"This medicine works perfectly for my otherwise 2-3 sleepless night per week!

My psychiatrist prescribes me 22.5mg, right before bed, a bit more that the recommended dose of 7.5-15mg. (I&#039;m a big guy.) She warned me not to take it more than 3 times per week, or else dependence and tolerance would almost certainly develop. Rarely (about every three weeks) I need 30mg; my doctor knows about and approves of this.  

I find it especially useful after a long, late day at work. I usually get off of work between 11pm and 1am. On occasion, I have to wake up early, after a late night. Without Doral, it would take 2 or 3 hours to relax, and although I would prefer the natural route, I don&#039;t always have that luxury. 

It gives me a deep 7-8 hour sleep."
"10/10! i took this an hour after we had fucked. i wondered why it felt so good. so i made his dumbass go out and buy the shit since it was his fault. he had no choice. but it works but there was blood everywhere."
"My physician ordered this medicine after a severe flu and cold that lasted over a month. I found immediate relief, even helped the laryngitis. I see great potential for my patients in hospice. I am amazed at how effective it worked and with minimal negative side effects. I am amazed I have never heard of it before. As a clinician I see great potential for my patients."
"Ive been suffering with migraines since i was 12 and they have just gotten worse over the years i have usually 3 to 4 migraines a month i like most of you have taken just about all the triptans they make (zomig,maxalt,frova,immitrex etc) and numerous preventatives i ended up in the hospital for several days because of how bad the side effects were taken a toll on my body i had to quit taken them so i just suffered with my migraines and went to the er when I couldn&#039;t handle the pain anymore which is not fun at all cause 50 % of the time you get treated like a drug seeker well i was on my second pregnancy about 4 months along and i was just suffering daily from severe migraines my ob prescribes me Stadol NS this is my miracle drug people"
"I have been on Belviq for 21 days and have lost 20lbs. I was fortunate not to experience any side effects. My constant urge to eat was subsided almost immediately. I find that I have to make myself eat most days. I have lost 14 inches total so far and can&#039;t wait to see how much more I lose. This medicine has been a blessing for me. Go to the DR this week for my first checkup and am actually looking forward to getting on the scale!"
"I am a 49 year old woman with acne, rosacea, and sensitive skin and I have finally found a solution in Aczone.  My face is nearly clear.  I won&#039;t say it&#039;s perfect, because I do have an occasional stray bump here and there, but my whole face simply calmed down.  I&#039;ve reduced the number of medications I use to three - aczone, oracea and kuric cream.  I am not photosensitive to this like I have been to other topical treatments. It is a little drying but nothing like some other medicines I&#039;ve tried. I found an improvement almost immediately. I am thankful that it has been placed on the market. It&#039;s worth every penny to me."
"I couldn&#039;t be on this pill for more than three days. I started taking it because I liked the thought of only having a period once every three months. Almost immediately I got extremely exhausted, nauseous, fluctuating body temperatures, overwhelming sadness, a heavy feeling in my chest, and on the third day I had a panic attack at work so I decided to stop taking it. I felt 100x better when I woke up this morning after not taking it last night. I know you&#039;re supposed to give it time to work but I have never reacted that horribly to birth control before."
"I got on this birth control a month and a half after I had my first baby. Everything was fine and it worked well to help me not get pregnant until the depression started. The doctors thought I had PPD it was so bad I couldn&#039;t go 20 mins without having a panic attack. The doctors put me on depression meds also and that completely made me feel like I was on auto pilot. After reading everyone&#039;s comments inhere I&#039;m convinced that my high anxiety and depression is caused from this. I will be stopping immediately. Take my advice, use condoms and don&#039;t let a birth control take your mental health."
"I&#039;m a 40 year old male just recently diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s Disease. I had an MRI done and the doctor found an abscess on my bladder due to Crohn&#039;s. He put me on metronidazole (Flagyl) and ciprofloxacin (Cipro) for 30 days. The side effects for me are mild but weird. The Cipro gives me very vivid and intense dreams when I sleep. The metronidazole has many more effects: metallic taste in my mouth, altered sense of smell and taste, diarrhea/soft stool, lower energy levels and no sex drive. However, the side effects of the antibiotics are much milder than the effects of the abscess. It&#039;s not a fun combination but it&#039;s working well for me!"
"I went to ER with a cluster headache in 15 January 2012, The doctor looked at my eyes and recommended that I do a HIV test. Needless to say few days later the results came back positive with CD4 count of 4. Apart from the severe headache attacks I have never had any problems. I started Atripla beginning of February with no side effects apart from the dreams. I have never had the headache attack since. I am having my review tests later in May. I am praying for the best."
"The only thing that works. Wish it was available when I was a younger when I suffered so much. This medicine is the best for migraines. Key is getting it before it progresses."
"I&#039;m a poster child for this drug. I had severe insomnia in my early 30s (i.e., NO sleep for three nights running without a sleeping aid), and various Rxs were of little help. I started out on 150 mg. and in the early part of the many years I&#039;ve been taking it I whittled it down to 12.5 mg, a quarter of a 50 mg pill. A ridiculously small amount, but I&#039;ve tested it and know it&#039;s not a placebo. It works perfectly for me%u2014I&#039;m drowsy within 10 minutes of taking, sleep through the night, and I&#039;m never fuzzy in the morning. Highly recommend."
"Used two two-week rounds of Cleocin for an abcess. While I had diarrhea the entire time, there is surely not a better drug to bring relief to a staph infection."
"This medicine raised my blood glucose from 170 to over 600.  Also, when my A1c was taken they just put a 13  on it.  After stopping it the blood glucose went down to 390, and I&#039;ve been trying to lower it since.  The only other medicine that caused this reaction was Avandimet.  The common ingredient was metformin. "
"UK user, been on this for over 5 years, i was getting tension migraines nearly every day, like one of the reviews below, i noticed when i didn&#039;t get one! One of my main &#039;problems&#039; has been very vivid dreams, some have been like a movie, great when you realise it is the drug, I have now also experienced mild haluasinations which I am aware it is the drug and I am monitoring it, there is a cleaner version of this drug called sumatriptalin, very similar in medical effect, but a lot fewer side effects, generally though thr pills work well with the other medication I am on to stop the migraines."
"I asked my Doctor about Belsomra  and he gave me some 20 mg samples.  It works great.  I had no side effects although I seem to build up a resistance to it every several  weeks and have to go off it for about a week.   Only bad side effect I have had is the price.   Even with insurance, it is a sticker shock."
"I have been on Fetzima for around 18 months, and this is truly a miracle drug.  I have MDD, PTSD, GAD, and BED. I come from a family based in the medical field, and as such I have tried every drug on the books.  Almost two years ago, my anxiety got so bad that every night I felt like I was going to suffocate and die in my sleep. I was having multiple daily panic attacks. I was started on 40 mg of Fetzima, and before the week was out my panic attacks had all but ceased. I&#039;m now on 80 mg. I can&#039;t remember the last time I had one as bad as the panic attacks I was having before I started Fetzima. I gave it a 9/10 because I&#039;m still sweating as a side effect. I also take Vyvanse, and Propranolol and Abilify as needed."
"I would like to say that Adderrall really works, it helps me concentrate, and get things done, My mind doesnt race, and I am able to focus. I do experience the dry mouth, and the loss of appetite.  And I was experiencing a lot of headaches when I first started taking it, and it would be migraines starting from my temple to the pressure in my eye.  I did a self experiment before I completely stopped taking the medicine and began to drink TWO GLASSES of water. 1 before my pill then wait 10 mins and drink another glass of water with the pill.. And through out the day I kept drinking water... And I have no more headaches... Drink water!!!! ALL DAY!"
"Been on Exforge 5/165 for 3 months. Too tired all the time and gained 10 lbs. Will try 20 mg Prinivil and report back. Exforge did keep blood pressure down but I had bad side effect."
"I have used Enbrel for Psoriatic Arthritis ever since it was approved.  I just started with Simponi a few months ago.  Some of the psoriasis has returned on my scalp.  I like the idea of only one injection a month but I have a feeling I&#039;ll be going back to Enbrel."
"I and many other women had taken this birth control and without any warning ended up in the ER nearly dead with complications caused by taking the birth control. I had developed blood clots that passed through my heart and stuck in my lungs. There were others that had blood clots in their brain. Then when googling I found horrific stories where many many others that have taken the birth control also have their life destroyed by future lifelong complications from taking this drug. Many other women even very young adults died from the clots before they even knew what happened. It is not worth taking the risk. "
"I found this medicine to be extremely helpful.  Initially it made me very tired.  I have been on it over two years.  One side effect for me has been a gain of about 30 pounds since taking it.  I have tried to quit and or skip taking it before.  Don&#039;t do it!  I always have nightmares or at least bad dreams if I miss a dose.  Stopping cold-turkey caused horrible light-headedness and dizziness.  Talk to your doctor BEFORE you stop taking it.  It is definitely worth these side effects."
"I have been on this for the past 9 months, my doctor visit (9 months ago) A1C was at 9.0. I asked if he thought I could try this medicine and he agreed. My most recent visit my A1C had dropped to 6.5. I was afraid that it was still going to be high since I had not changed they way I ate or started exercising. I have always and still do take Janumet twice daily. Also I have experienced absolutely none of the side effects, except frequent urination early on but that has calmed down."
"I have been taking loestrin 24 for a while.  I am coming off of it because it causes me to have very bad headaches and spotting a lot.  Sometimes with this pill I have my period every two weeks.  It does help me with my cramps a lot.  It&#039;s like I got rid of one pain and got another.  The headaches from this medicine is unbearable at times."
"I have now had my Skyla for over a month. I was on the pill before and had to switch due to migraines caused by too much estrogen. Insertion wasn&#039;t bad-if anything just a little cramp added to your normal pelvic exam. After insertion I was very dizzy and super nauseous. I laid there for about 25 mins feeling sick and having terrible cramping. Soon after I was fine! Mild cramping for the first few days and then for the next week (lessened over time). I bled for about three weeks after insertion- different everyday. Sometimes more than others. Just had my first cycle while on Skyla. Very light, but lasting about 7 days. had a few breakouts but may be stress related too. Feeling great so far!"
"I have a rare bone disease called osteonecrosis which basically means bone death. I&#039;ve had to have both hips replaced and both shoulders and soon I will have my knees replaced as well. I&#039;m only 40 years old and my condition has made daily living very difficult. Percocet 10/325 has been a blessing, what a huge difference it has made for me. I can do things I haven&#039;t been able to do in years and has helped with my depression from chronic pain and the things I&#039;m able to do now I feel useful again."
"G"
"I am using this for severe pain from a botched lung surgery for pneumonia. Have been using Percocet &amp; Oxycontin but all they did was irritate the pain. I startied using this when I figured out that my surgery had caused nerve damage. I was in so much pain so I took double the dosage &amp; felt like I was on an acid trip...it wasn&#039;t fun...but now I use it as prescribed and it helps. My pain is way down. Makes me drowsy but it is worth it."
"It changed my life. 48 years of just dealing with anxiety and depression not wanting to be on medication. With the onset of pre-menopause the depression was unbearable and more feelings of hopelessness. My doctor prescribed 75 mg and I feel alive again. The torment of paranoia, anxiety and the depression are gone."
"I&#039;ve had Irritable Bowel Syndrome and chronic constipation my entire life.  Now at 23, after exhausting all over the counter and homeopathic remedies to no avail, I&#039;ve decided to try a prescription.  Overall, it works great and I don&#039;t plan to get off of it.  What I have now is more like diarrhea than anything, but I&#039;ll take that over going up to 20 days without a bowel motion any day! I do get nausea about 30 minutes after I take it, and it gives me bad gas sometimes, but none of that is worth getting off of it.  If you are seriously about to give up on life because of constipation, this medicine is for you!  I recommend.  I do also take Metamucil about every other morning, which helps the diarrhea.  Also- the website for this product offers a $35 off prescription card."
"I was in a car accident and suffered a 4th rib fracture, 2nd, 3rd, 6th and 7th ribs were also injured and suffered pectus excavatum. The Lidoderm pain patches helped to decrease my pain level from a 10 to a 3. I can not ride in a car with out wearing these patches. I wear one in my subclavian area and two in my 6th and 7th thoracic area  (total of 3). These patches really manage the pain."
"I started on Contrave this past Friday 3/17, I felt sleepy all day and slight headache, I had read someone else did same, but thereafter, she was ok while continuing Contrave, so I went on to day 2, but I was like a zombie, just wanted to sit and stare, dizzy, I haven&#039;t felt that bad in awhile. I decided I can&#039;t handle this ,so I stopped. I will say,  I wasn&#039;t the least bit hungry. I called my pharmacy today for refund, they referred me to Contrave Hotline, I paid 92.00 that could went on other bills, to be told I can&#039;t get refund. I am very disappointed in this program and wish I never tried it."
"Also I forgot to mention in a previous review that timing is the key to these types of drugs. 1.5 hours is the time it takes to work for me but may vary with different people. Sometimes I get to my night class early and take a Klonopin well in advance so I wont be under the influence when I&#039;m driving to class. Basically you have to experiment at first with the timing to get a feel of works best for you."
"I had rheumatoid arthritis onset literally overnight in wrist, and within short period, all fingers, elbows and shoulders.  I have negative RF, but elevated Sed Rate.  I pushed my Rheumatologist hard to get in front of the disease progression. I was on Methotrexate alone for about 10 wks, increasing dosage from 12.5mg - 17.5mg but it had marginal impact. I pushed for Humira and within 48 hrs after first injection, I noticed improvement.  I&#039;m six weeks into combination therapy and I&#039;d say I&#039;m 60-70% improved.   Large joints are 90% better but fingers remain stubborn.  Yes, the shot hurts for 10 flipping seconds.  I let it get to room temp for about 30-40 minutes..speciality pharmacist said that was fine.  This medicine is awesome."
"Have had Implanon for 4 months now after ditching the Depo shot. (Made me gain 30lbs in one month. Not joking and I&#039;m a skinny person and made no health changes) So far have lost 10 of those pounds on Implanon. Have not had a period or spotting.
THE PROCEDURE: was easy. The Lidocane stings like burning nettles, the rest was easy. Only had a tiny bruise and a tiny scar from the needle (which looks like a mole honestly). 
Side Effects: Only one I&#039;ve had is achy breasts. Like you don&#039;t even want people near them in case they bump into them. All my friends on Implanon have experienced the same thing. 
I LOVE Implanon. Won&#039;t change birth control ever again!"
"Second time I am taking this. I am on day 4 of a 5-day prescription. The only side effect I seem to have is an occasional kidney spasm on the right, but who is to say that the medication is causing it? The only thing I would say is that you should always eat something prior to taking your dosage. I forgot once and had a stomach ache for about 30 minutes. I think many people imagine some side effects because they read forums like this and then imagine every little itch is a side effect and they become paranoid. I believe this is a good fast acting medication and I have had no yeast infections from this either, when almost every other antibiotic I have taken did result in yeast infections.
I guess I am lucky."
"I have an infected tooth with a dead nerve that needed a root canal. I got half the root canal done and need to wait for the infection to clear up. I&#039;m taking major antibiotics but it&#039;s still taking a while and I&#039;m in a lot of pain. The percocet has helped immensely. I waited too long to take it last night and had to take a trip to the ER for morphine! the morphine was not much different than the percocet. My problem was that I waited. I have been taking one every 6 hours which is says on the bottle but I think I need to do it every 5 hours. Hopefully that&#039;s ok to do. I&#039;m also on 800 mg of ibuprofen every 6 hours. I have not experienced any nausea but yes,I guess i am constipated but i have only been eating soup any way."
"I use Flexeril for muscle spasms that I have in my left arm and shoulder. One of the side effects of this medication is that it causes severe drowsiness. Once I take the medication, I must go to bed immediately.  I am able to sleep through the night where before the spasms would wake me throughout the night. When I first began to take the medication, I found that I was very tired when I awoke in the morning. To combat this, I go to bed about two hours earlier. This is appearing to work out well. Now I awake rested and free of tightness, aches, and pains."
"Denny 56, very happy to hear it is helping you and your doing better.From my experience please watch your breathing and night sweats very closely.Get checked out asap if these happen to you.This is how all my problems started.Just trying to help with a heads up on this, and I hope it works out for you. Another 50 something male with RA."
"I have used this for four years, since my dad died, and I recommend it to anyone who is depressed or angry. I went off it once, at a stupid time, and I will never stop taking it again."
"Excellent product. It does not burn the nose. It does not irritate the nose and make it run."
"My urologist prescribed this 3 years ago and gave me samples to try.  It was amazing!  It worked so well it seemed like magic. I am just thrilled with the results.  While I still get up during the night, I don&#039;t have the worry of not getting to the bathroom before the urine drips down my leg.  In addition, I don&#039;t get up as often, which gives me a much better quality sleep.  During the day, my overactive bladder has calmed to the point where I feel normal!  I&#039;m so grateful to have this medicine. It has changed my life."
"No weight gain, easier periods, less bloating. Everything good while still having the cycle."
"I am a 51yr old female and started taking Brintellix about 3 weeks ago.  Nausea and vomiting since day 1 that has gotten progressively worse as I&#039;ve increased dosage per my Dr&#039;s orders.  I have bruises on my sides and back from the constant itching.  I&#039;ve just gone thru one of the most stressful times of my life and I feel like this medication not only didn&#039;t help but made me feel so much worse. I&#039;ve been a coffee drinker for 30 yrs and I can&#039;t even stomach that in the mornings anymore."
"I&#039;m 28 yrs. old.  I&#039;ve been pregnant and delivered without complication.  I have used birth control in the past but not for over 7 years.  I just finished my 1st pack of Loestrin 24 FE, I try to take it after 7pm. I spotted twice and had a very light period for 3 days.  I&#039;m into pack 2, not pregnant (MY GOAL) and I feel fine."
"I have been on it about a month. I&#039;ve lost all motivation to do anything other than sleep. I&#039;m nervous all the time. I can&#039;t feel my left hand. I have nightmares every night. I&#039;ve lost all desire to eat. My vision is blurry. My psychiatrist is of no use as he only works three hours a week since he&#039;s borrowed from another program and I have no way to get in touch with him. this is why I don&#039;t trust doctors."
"I have had severe depression since my teens and have been on antidepressants for many years. Fortunately I have had beneficial effects from several over the years.  The most effective treatment to date has been a combination of Wellbutrin and Cymbalta. I took that combination for ten+ years and unfortunately I recently started slipping downward, increased depression and feeling out of control.  I  was prescribed Fetzima (transitioned off Cymbalta) and completed the starter pack with the only benefit being increased energy. My Dr then increased the doseage to 80mg and have been at 80mg for two + weeks.  I have never felt (for lack of a better word) so crazy in my life! I have been so irretiable, angry, depressed and unreasonable and feeling"
"It really helped me and did wonders on my depression that I&#039;ve dealt with since high school and I am now 26 years old and it also helped with my panic attacks. However the side effects for me are I have put on 35 lbs in less than two years and I am extremely fatigue almost 24/7 and get irritated easily. Actually going back to the doctor next month and my husband told me to suggest something else and as much as it does help of course the weight gain and irritation sucks."
"I get migraines ALL THE TIME and Excedrin has always been my go-to, but usually I&#039;ve been able to take it and go to sleep right after. Today unfortunately, I had to work. I didn&#039;t take anything before going to work (MISTAKE) and by the time it was lunch break, my migraine was at it&#039;s peak. I lost my vision almost completely, was in SOOO much pain and I felt so confused/in such a daze. I went to target and got Excedrin PRAYING for a miracle. I took 3 tablets due to severity of my migraine and WOW. One hour later, I FELT SO MUCH BETTER. My migraine deteriorated to a slight headache and I felt like I wasn&#039;t going to die. MIRACLE PILL"
"It works really well. I&#039;ve improved on my listening skills and concentrating on things. I&#039;ve managed to get much better grades too."
"I got this in Greece cause of my terrible reaction of the mosquitos. It helped me right away."
"My doctor recommended this shot to me to help with cramps due to having endometriosis.  
I have received 2 shots and have been on my period for a total of 5 months now!!!!! 
The shot helped with pain the first 3 months, and now it doesn&#039;t help at all. 
I will not be going back for another shot.
It is awful! I&#039;ve gained weight, I&#039;m moody, and fatigued. 
And in case you missed it the first time, I&#039;ve been bleeding for 5 months!
Just think of the pads, tampons, laundry, ib profen, chocolate, ice cream, occasional apologies to your boyfriend, and acne you&#039;ll get to look forward to...
just say no to this joke of a drug!!"
"I began taking Seroquel 100mg 3 nights ago, it has helped alot. I have been suffering for 20+ years and didn&#039;t know I was bpd. At first I was diagnosed E.H. (emotionally handicap) when I was 12, then when I was 30 Dr. Said I had Alcohol induced Psychosis. Now Im 38 and I have BPD. The emotional roller coaster in my brain sucks. I go from Suicidal thoughts to smiling and shaking hands and Pleasant  conversation. Mostly Im depressed, I have paranoid thoughts as well.  Seroquel has calm that down alot. I slept great the first night then woke up 4x next night last night about 4x as well. I don&#039;t feel any emotion. Everything is slow and I have stop talkinh to myself , with a few words here and there. I hope I get better."
"As far as birth control goes, the Nexplanon implant was really nice and convenient! I had a pretty good sized bruise for about 3 weeks after the implant was put in, and a little bit of soreness, but that&#039;s to be expected. From then on, I didn&#039;t notice it at all!
I had some pretty bad mood swings for the first few months, and figured I just needed to be patient, but instead, it got much worse and became full blown depression. While that&#039;s not good, I am prone to depression, and the implant amplified it, but didn&#039;t cause it.
If I could give any advice, it&#039;d just to be keep an eye on how you feel. I&#039;m sure it&#039;ll take some adjusting, so it&#039;s okay to feel weird for a little while. But if it persists, don&#039;t wait forever to get it out. :)"
"Had Sinusitis for ten days, finally went on Augmentin 1g, after a couple of days my symptoms had 80% resolved. I&#039;m on day 4 now and all symptoms have 100% resolved. No side effects. Great antibiotic."
"I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for about 6 months now, taking 50mg for about 6 weeks then bumping up to 100mg after that. I have noticed a huge change in mood. I don&#039;t fixate on little things and let them bother me for the whole day like they used too. I feel much more confident now and I am actually smiling lately. Some side effects I have noticed are the occasional headache (I find if I take it the same time each morning I don&#039;t get a headache), drymouth, and if I miss a dose I get absolutely WILD dreams and my anxiety comes creeping back in. Also, I notice it makes me ramble on and on when I talk sometimes which can be a little embarrassing especially in work situations. Overall though, the benefits significantly outweigh the side effects!!"
"This drug should not be prescribed for more than two weeks (and this has been known since the eighties).  Most Doctors in the USA don&#039;t have a clue about what benzos do to the lives of the patients they are prescribing to, and especially how difficult it is for patients to withdraw from these drugs.

I was completely dependent on clonazepam after 30 days, and remained on it for about eight years, before I realized I had to get off of clonazepam, if I wanted a chance to become healthy again.  It took me 7 horrifying months to taper off, and I became disabled during that time.  I lost about 85% of my long and short term memory during that time.  I am educated, but I did not research this drug before I took it.  Please don&#039;t make that mistake."
"Had a major depressive episode out of nowhere (no stressful life circumstances). When I started on 10 mg I stayed awake 40 hours straight and had panic attacks. Went off it. After horrible Effexor side effects I started on 5 mg of Lexapro again (I was absolutely desperate) and gradually increased. For the first two weeks this drug made my anxiety/depression way worse and I became delusional, but once I took a very small dose of seroquel I became progressively better each day and I have no symptoms of mental illness whatsoever anymore. Completely healed me of depression."
"I&#039;ve been on vyvanse for about 2 days now and I can&#039;t believe the difference from the other two medications I&#039;ve tried. (Adderall and Focalin) I was diagnosed about a year and a half ago, I was not diagnosed when I was younger, which would&#039;ve have really explained a lot.  First I tried adderall, it didn&#039;t do much but make me a bit irritable, and still not focusing was on 50mg a day 30mg in the morning and a 20mg in the afternoon, and I didn&#039;t notice a thing. Next was the generic of Focalin, which dild absolutely NOTHING! With vyvanse I feel like I can concentrate on one thing at a time, and not have the urge to start 10 other things.  My doctor put me on 70 mg in the morning, it&#039;s a bit of a slow start, but once it doesn&#039;t its a very productive"
"My doctor prescribed this wash to me after a medication I was taking made me break out. I have been using this for about a week and my face is already clear! I love it. I use it at least once a day, and sometimes twice a day. The only negative is that it does make your face feel very dry, but immediately after I use it I apply an oil-free face lotion liberally. I am very pleased with this product!"
"I had been on Lutera for a little less than 3 years. I never experienced drastic mood swings, weight gain or acne. My periods were way lighter and less painful than before I started lutera. Before birth control, I would throw up and be in uncontrollable pain for the first two days. Now I have mild cramps on day one and that&#039;s it. When I went to pick up my prescription last week, I was given Aviane instead of Lutera and I am PRAYING that nothing changes."
"I&#039;m 19 and suffer from bad insomnia. I&#039;ve tried Benadryl, Unisom, even a different prescription sleeping pill, Restoril (temazepam). These all either didn&#039;t work or left me extremely groggy in the morning and throughout the day. Anyway, I was scheduled to study abroad and my worst fear the entire trip was not sleeping in a foreign atmosphere. My Dr. prescribed me a few weeks worth of Ambien 10 MG. I can&#039;t tell you how great this medication was. It drifted me off to a gentle, deep sleep and I stayed asleep for at least 7 hours. I woke up happy and refreshed In the morning; even energized! I took the high dose and did not experience any side effects or hallucinations. I was able to enjoy my trip."
"This gel was very effective. My face was swollen because of the acne and I had bumps all over my face. Thanks to the gel my face was back to the normal"
"I started taking this drug because of moderate to severe adult acne (I am 28) and PMS symptoms (severe depression episodes and irritability that happened like clockwork the week before menstruation). I have been on the pill a month and half and I have already seen an improvement. Regarding acne, I broke out a little bit in the placebo week, but besides that I no longer get the severe acne i used to. I expected it to take at least a few months, so I was pleasantly surprised to see an effect. I also had a light period and did not notice mood swings. I had breakthrough bleeding during the first few weeks, at the beginning more severe and diminishing with time. On the second cycle, there is no bleeding anymore."
"I had previously used nuvaring with little side effects, had a child and decided to use the nuvaring again... big mistake.  I had breakthrough bleeding all 3 weeks, head-ach&#039;s, anxiety , insane mood swings - felt like crying or got super angry at the drop of a hat, not sure if this is attributed to the nuvaring but I lost about 12 lbs in a month.  It also caused uti&#039;s after having sex, something that my body previously got used to and wasn&#039;t a problem.  

Ultimately it is easy to use but it made me totally psycho, I felt relief within hours of removing the ring.  No one in my family has ever seen me like that, and the mood swings, anxiety, paranoia were so bad that it affected my 4yr old."
"This cream is wonderful. I used the 1 night dose cream and I swear it cleared me right up. I was worried with a 1 dose that it would be too strong and make me hurt worse, but that was not the case. Don&#039;t be afraid, give it a try."
"First couple of weeks where quite bad with nausea, yawning, panic attacks but then quite suddenly I was able to leave my house go for walks without anxiety, all was good for about 4-5 months(on 60 mg), then anxiety came back, now I&#039;m on 90mg and it&#039;s better yet again.

i got severe backpains, and was given tramadol....not a good idea, i had some intestinal bleeding and severe mood swings, vicodin seems fine, so does codein taken with tylanol"
"I was given this drug after my tubal ligation surgery. I had never taken it before or since then. It worked very well. I was able to function on it as well. It didn&#039;t knock me out or make me hazy like some pain medicines. Aside from some itching,I didn&#039;t have any side effects."
"I&#039;m 64 years old with high blood pressure and erectile dysfunction. Have tried everything on the market for the past 2-3 years, unsuccessfully. Doctor gave me 20mg samples of Cialis. Within 30 minutes was like a teenager with my wife. Unbelievable sex. Unbelievable pill."
"I took this medication two years ago and only received three shots before having to quit due to migraines. It thinned my hair, my bones, made me a raging lunatic. I still suffer from migraines. This drug did NOTHING to stop my endo. While on it, I needed to have 3 lapex surgeries and was always on Vicodin or Percocet for pain. If your doctor says to try this medication, I would RUN not walk to the nearest exit and go get a second opinion."
"I use Daytrana for Adult ADHD. Unlike most other ADHD medicines (except maybe Vyvanse), it is very smooth, meaning there is no crash at the end of the day, or big jolt in the morning.  I just feel very calm and I can concentrate much better and it&#039;s the best ADD medicine I&#039;ve tried. I take 30mgs and keep it on 12-16 hours. A few things in reference to other raters. Some doctors allow the patch to be on for 24 hours.  That would help with the child that had problems in the evening (something to ask your doctor about). The patch was originally designed for 24 hours (so there is enough medicine in the patch to wear it that long), but during clinical trials, there were skin issues hence the 9 hour limit. "
". I had my first yeast infection in 2016 but I didn&#039;t think much of it so I just ignored it. Now I am having another one in August of 2017. So I picked up Monistat 7 day treatment. I took a shower, used one of the wipes in the kit then put the applicator in my vagina and applied the cream into my vaginal area. All was fine until I stood up. This is the worst experience I&#039;ve ever had. My vagina itches and burns really bad. I&#039;ve tried bouncing around, putting a cool towel on my vagina,  fanning the area, patting myself to stop the itching, putting my blanket in between my legs and squeezing my legs together really hard to suppress the itching. The treatment is more torturing than the actual yeast infection."
"I took chantix 3 year&#039;s ago and it was the best thing I feel so much better"
"I have been taking this for 6 -7 months. It works good for me but when I miss 1 or 2 days my mood it&#039;s really high. I will fight or yell, but when I take it to cool down it works. I was 147lbs when I started it and now I&#039;m 127lbs. I have lost a lot and I&#039;m happy. I eat a lot but when I do eat its just a little. Sometime I even forget to drink or eat anything on this pill but I like it as long as I take it everyday I&#039;m happy."
"I love being on the NuvaRing! I switched from the pill because it was making me sick every other day and it wasn&#039;t the best thing to experience. The NuvaRing has been awesome! I was a little worried about it at first with being in me for 3 weeks straight and if my boyfriend would mind it, but he hasn&#039;t said a word about it being in. I don&#039;t have to worry about being sick everyday or missing a dose because I can put it in for 3 weeks and forget about it! it has been 100% effective also, we use no other forms of birth control and I&#039;m still not pregnant. The only downside is that I&#039;ve started to notice I&#039;m a little more dry than usual, but I wouldn&#039;t think about going off of it because of that. Its been great and I will continue to use it."
"Usually cold sore lasts well over a week for me, getting quite large and unsightly. But famciclovir tablets absolutely crush them. Last no longer than 3-4 days depending on how quick I identify the cold sore coming and take the tablets. Healing and turn around time is awesome, the best product I have ever used for cold sores! Always keep them on hand now."
"I am 48 and pre-menopausal. I went to my doctor with heavy menstrual cycles with heavy clotting. My doctor put me on Necon for a few months, but my bleeding didn&#039;t stop. Doctor wanted to opt for ablation. After a failed ablation, my doctor checked my hormone levels and my estrogen was very low-even after taking birth control for months. He placed me on Memvey 0.5/0.1 pill. I noticed a slight increase in blood pressure and my bleeding was non-stop. He upped my Memvey to 1/.05 and my blood pressure increased steadily (even though I take Lisinopril HCTZ 20-25). My family doctor had to give me an additional dose of Clonidine just to get my blood pressure close to normal. I went off Memvey and, within a day, my blood pressure is back to normal."
"Left nephrectomy in July 2015 for large renal cell tumor. First  bad CT was in Nov 2016 which showed multiple lesions throughout abdomen and pelvis. Biopsy in Dec2016 confirmed recurrence of rcc.
Started 800mg votrient in Jan 2017. Horrible side effects with fatigue and intense abdominal pain. Stopped after 3 weeks and took a week break before starting 600mg. Side effects eased slightly but blood work showed poor liver function after 3 weeks so took a week break and started 400mg. CT in March 2017 showed several lesions 10% smaller. Side effects have calmed down with the worst being daily diarrhea and inconsistent appetite. ALL hair turned white. Good Luck to everyone."
"This medicine is wonderful, I have been using it for a week along with Zanaflex 1x daily 4mg and the Neurontin 2x daily 300mg.  I suffer from nerve damage in my right shoulder, as well as shoulder instability my arm dislocates frequently at least 2 x a month, trust me putting your arm back in the socket will race you to a 10 on the pain scale instantly. I have blacked out from the pain a couple of times.  The point is when my arm sub-locates the Neurontin can stop the traumatizing pain very quickly, with only a half of a Norco to assist the pain.  It has also allowed me to be more productive at work. It is easier to deal with during day time than Norco constantly.  If you have nerve pain from a traumatic injury/accident I highly recommend."
"I&#039;ve been on Synthroid for two years now and have found that once you are on the right dosage it&#039;s brilliant. Just be patient at the beginning."
"Hey Everyone! I am going to try and make my story short. I am 26 years old and did not know what anxiety or an anxiety attack was until I turned 25.  I was driving to lunch one day and for no reason at all it hit me. I felt as if I wasn&#039;t in control of my own body. I felt like I was going to pass out at the wheel, my heart began to race and my arms and legs went numb. I drove myself straight to the ER. The doc told me it was an anxiety attack. After that first attack I could not leave my house for two weeks in fear that I would pass out or lose control. I was then put on Lexapro, the first two weeks I felt the side affects..AFTER THAT A true BLESSING!! NO ANXIETY OR ATTACKS IN 2 WEEKS! I FEEL LIKE ME AGAIN!"
"I was hesitate at first. I smoked for over 20 years. Within 10 days I didn&#039;t want to smoke.  And haven&#039;t since August 5th 2013. I did gain weight, I would be lying if I didn&#039;t tell you.  But not as much if I went cold turkey.  I know that because my girlfriend went cold turkey and I took Champix.  I gained 27 pounds....my girlfriend gained 76 pounds. To date I am working on the weight gained and proud to say a non smoker.  I am a non smoker thanks to Champix. Thank you! My children are proud of me and are happy that I quit. Without you I could not have done it. Truth be told. Thank you.  Champix saved my life. Thank you!"
"was prescribed this and took night before flying back east.  2nd pill during flight. I  thought my face was really dry from airplane because it was really itchy.  I had no lotion so ignored it.   The 3rd pill that night and itchy face felt like wind burn, despite tons of lotion.  The 4th pill in morning but face felt swollen and a little numb, especially around lips.  So I  called the doctor...told to stop taking it and that symptoms should go away next day.  It&#039;s day 3 after stopping and face is better but still numbness feeling by lips.  The half-life for  the medicine to leave body should be over by now (well in a few hours).  I assume it will eventually go away but will never take this again."
"I have had 6 surgeries on my right knee and now my left knee started bothering me I went to the doctor because I couldn&#039;t hardly bend it and walking was a joke. I have been on diclofenac for 2 days and i am totally surprised but I have no pain in either knee at this point, no side effects of this time. and I&#039;m grateful that my doctor was aware enough to know to prescribe this for me"
"I have been on Deplin for over a year now. At first I was on 7.5 mg and that was helpful but when that stopped working the Psych doctor increased the dosage up to 15 mg and it really works. What it does is helps your other antidepressants work better. Deplin will affect each person differently depending on which antidepressant you are taking."
"I have been on this pill for a year now and have not gotten my period once, which is great because I got on it because my periods were nothing but painful. I love it and wouldn&#039;t trade it for the world."
"I was prescribed this as I could not take HRT as I have had breast cancer.  tt was totally effective in stopping my hot flushes, and I couldn&#039;t have gont to work without it.  I was on it for a few years, but I don&#039;t need to take it anymore, now I&#039;m 63.  I wasn&#039;t warned of any side effects, so I don&#039;t know if my slightly drier eyes (I wear contact lenses) and my migraines which I think got worse for a time, were due to my age or stress, or what.  But it was an absolute godsend for hot flushes, and I wasn&#039;t aware of any other side effects."
"I have had problems with vertigo, dizziness and just a sense of feeling unbalanced for about 15 years.  Never really have found out what causes it, but many times have taken Bonine (meclizine)and one or both ears will pop and I will feel better. I have never had any side effects from this medication whatsoever and would recommend it.  I am very susceptible to heart arrhythmia activity and this medication has never caused me any problems. 

"
"Was on Dexedrine for 10 years. Loved it. Just stopped last month because I had tachycardia and an ectopic arrhythmia. Both started about 2 years ago, and I only recently had confirmed that both are non-existent when off of Dexedrine. Have been taking 30mg/day. Switching to Strattera tomorrow, hoping it can provide all the benefits of Dexedrine without the heart issues!"
"This medication was a life saver after being admitted in the hospital for being manic an very agaitated was titrated from 50mg to 250mg a day in it has cured my agitation 75% of my mood 50% of my deppression since most antidepressants make me manic I would recommend to anyone who has tried multiple medicines I can finally sleep feel relaxed in not stay angry for hours."
"I took luvox after coming off sertraline for bad side effect, my main problem are insomnia and I can&#039;t sleep at night after I had my baby 6 month ago. I started 1st on 25 mg for about 3 days and after that 50mg for the next 2 weeks. I can feel the different in my anxiety but sleep and mood not improved. My pdoc increase my dose to 75mg , but it seems to make me even worst. Then after 2 week my pdoc increase the dose to 100mg. I can feel the difference but not in good way. My moods are still low and I just don&#039;t wanna do anything. My sleep also has  not improved. I&#039;m struggling every day. I developed new instrusive thought too.  I can&#039;t hold it anymore because this AD do make me worst than before. Bad AD !!!!!!!"
"I&#039;m 18. After a terrible experience on citalopram (antidepressant) to treat anxiety i was really reluctant to take any more medication,. I wanted to feel normal and be able to enjoy the company of others again, i bit the bullet and took 40mg propanolol and within in an hour, i was perfectly still and could concentrate on my work rather than the physical symptoms i could feel!! It also gave me cold hands and feet and breath, but i can more than deal with that!! I also have asthma but as long as i dont do anything too strenuous im fine. I also did a speech this week in a calm collected manner. Doesnt stop the cognitive symptoms like worrying but taking the physical symptoms stops the cycle in its tracks. So glad i was offered this drug."
"Work great, better than any OTC med. Insurance companies need to cover this med, as it will prevent or delay costly other treatments (such as surgeries)."
"Absolutely amazing 
Works a treat 
10mgs 1hr before
I suffer bad anxiety 
This fixed me this wonder pill 
Is better than Viagra 
I&#039;m in my late 30s I never had a problem until one occasion 
Go for it nothing wrong 
Wow!! I will keep on taking it"
"I got this in December 2015,after many years of my body not accepting birth control pills and I was running out of options. I don&#039;t have children so this was better than Mirena for me. The last actual period I had was the one during the insertion process. Although I have been spotting almost everyday for a little over a month it&#039;s never enough to leave anything in my panties,i only notice when I wipe. My acne had gotten worse but I&#039;ve always had that issue. I&#039;ve also suffered from depression for years so that&#039;s not an issue. Overall after about 7 years of switching pills I am able to relax and not worry about bleeding all the time. I wouldn&#039;t say this is the best option for all but anyone out there who suffers from heavy periods, go for it."
"I&#039;ve been taking prazosin to help with Post traumatic stress disorder nightmares for over 5 years. When my doctor told me about it I was ready to try anything to get the nightmares to stop as they were the most intrusive continuous PTSD symptom of mine. I started at 1mg, worked my way to 2mg and found that it worked very well. For a couple of years now, I am only taking 0.5mg as a maintenance dose. The only side-effect I ever experienced was some dizziness upon standing after I took it at night but that disappeared quickly."
"This is the 2nd time I&#039;ve taken Chantix.  I have learned a few things to watch for this time.  First, you MUST EAT when you take the medication.  If you don&#039;t eat, you will get sick.  Second, is that the dreams are so strange.  They aren&#039;t scary but they are vivid and odd.  This medication has worked well for me.  Stay on the medicine the full 90 days.  I quit smoking at day 10 both times.  Do remember that this drug doesn&#039;t work the same for everyone so be careful."
"im 19 they put me on this originally for anxiety but apparently im bipolar according to the psych evaluation test. The first day on it i basically felt &quot;high&quot; since then Ive felt pretty great. I also take Gabapentin(for fibromyalgia) and prozac."
"Original post. 
I&#039;m freaking out. Slipped up Saturday night, took emergency contraceptive within 2 hours but can&#039;t quit worrying that I&#039;m in the unlucky 5%. Can&#039;t sleep. Pretty sure I&#039;m smack in ovulation mode. Hope l I&#039;m with you 95% not pregnant ones

Update #1: I blew up my obgyn&#039;s email asking about taking a 2nd emergency pill within this 72 hour window. Not for another slip up, but just to ease my mind from panicking. He said I could take the 2nd one, that it might not be helpful, but it wouldn&#039;t make me sick. I ate that 2nd pill immediately and whether it improves my chances of prevention or not, I&#039;m freaking out much less. I&#039;ll post another update when I have one. Pray for Aunt Flow to show up for me ladies!

Update #2 Aunt Flow has arrived!!!!!"
"I wanted to post because I was so afraid from the negative reviews I read before getting Nexplanon. With that being said, I highly recommend this product. The last time I posted I stated that I was bleeding for about 9 days. The light spotting lasted for about 3 weeks. Then nothing for 3 weeks, and it started again for about 2 weeks. Since then (2 months) I have not had any sporting. Besides the trials in the beginning, I am very pleased with this product. No mood swings, no acne, no low sex drive and no periods!"
"I have been taking it for 12 years. It was the second ever BP medicine I was ever put on since my diagnosis in 2000. I really have been lucky with this. No cough for me, and when you read the long term side effects, they aren&#039;t anywhere near as scary as most everything else you can take. And the interactions are all minimal and favorable for me. My High BP is a mystery as it does not run on either side of my family. Still taking it but had to up the dosage to 40 mg/day due to extreme unavoidable stress in my life."
"Though I&#039;ve rated this medication an 8 (when I first started taking it I would have rated it at 12!). I must caution ANY who use it to use it STRICTLY as directed by your (presumably responsible/knowledgeable psych/med doc)."
"I have been on Cymbalta (30mg) for a three week trial for treating my anxiety, depression and fibromyalgia. Thought it sounded like a miracle pill since I&#039;m only 21 years old, but this has caused everything from headaches to stomach pain to diarrhea. I figured I could live with that and let it run its course but things got worse. I noticed my anxiety attacks got much worse and became more frequent, had to go the ER last night because my hands, feet, tongue, ears, face went numb and swelled. Now I&#039;m on steroids and Benadryl to bring it down. "
"This medicine works period. 
I&#039;ve always had cold sore or for as long as I can remember.
On 2/2/16 I felt that tingling we all know about. And remembered my primary Doc had given me a prescription. He told me to keep it handy. I took two in the morning 1 mg each and two in the evening. 
I can&#039;t say how happy I am. By the second day I usually won&#039;t leave the house because my lip gets so big I can&#039;t even speak or laugh. Well today is my second day and my cold sore is barely noticeable. I wish I could post pics. It&#039;s amazing. The only side effect I got was a weird headache, but I can put up with a headache if the results are amazing like what I got. Ask your doctor for this if you haven&#039;t yet. Love it, love it, love it!"
"Out of desperation I tried this medication - not really believing that it would work.  Much to my amazement it did work.  I have, by the grace of God, lost 60 pounds and am able to wear my old clothes.  I feel great and am healthier than I ever. My cholesterol level and blood pressure are under control and I have gone from wearing a size 14 to a size 4!  "
"I am 21 years old and i gave birth April 22 to my beautiful daughter :) I got the depo shot and haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. It has days when it stops for half the day but doesn&#039;t completely go away and all of a sudden I started having brown stuff come out. Idk what that means but lets hope it means its going away for good. Never getting any birth control again. Too many side affects."
"My anxiety hit a high in my mid 20s &amp; went from every once in a while to a constant drowning feeling of anxiety. When it became paralyzing, I started therapy. After 3 months of therapy &amp; being against medication, I started to learn more about the illness, how it runs in my family &amp; because the physical symptoms weren&#039;t going away I started Lexapro. For the 1st couple of months as I increased the mg, I became paranoid that I was going to become suicidal. I had never thought about this in my life, never depressed &amp; was actually very happy with my life. I was just so paranoid that I would lose control of my anxiety and hurt myself. It went away and I feel better than ever. I see life differently, more grateful for every day "
"For the past year or so, this pill has been a godsend. No worrying about an unintended pregnancy, great skin, short or non-existant periods...it&#039;s perfect. For my first year or so on it though, I was an emotional mess. I stopped wanting to go out and was near constantly sad. I have a tendency towards some mild anxiety (It is not severe and I choose to not take medication) but not depression, so I could deal with these symptoms (sort of) and figured that I&#039;d ask about switching at my yearly OB/GYN visit. Almost a week before I went though, it was like a switch was flipped. Now it&#039;s like I&#039;m not even on a medication. I will say though that I have always taken it RELIGIOUSLY down to the minute every single day, which I&#039;m sure helps a lot."
"I&#039;m truly convinced if I continued this medication, it would have killed me. I suffered from horrible headaches everyday taking the pill, I was not myself with bad mood swings, and had episodes of fainting while taking this. I also had clear skin prior to starting this pill and broke out with cystic acne all over my body that resulted in expensive treatments from the dermatologist to correct. I would not recommend to anyone, even though everyone reacts differently, this was the worst experience I have had."
"I believe this medication saved my life. I did feel extremely sleepy at first while my dosage was being raised but that went away quickly. I have a new feeling of wanting to get up and do things that wasn&#039;t there before. I also feel a sense of calm and peacefulness. The only side effects so far that were troublesome is constipation and sometimes it&#039;s hard to concentrate if someone is speaking."
"I wrote a review before when I was a couple weeks into taking phentermine. I am 5&#039;4&quot; and I started on May 1st, 2016 weighing in athe 236 pounds. I was postpartum 1 year after my second child. Today is July 10th, 2016 and I weigh 200 pounds and still losing by the day! I&#039;ve noticed lots of changes I&#039;m going to share with you all. For starters, I did experience the dry mouth side effect for the first month. I also experienced lots of energy which was a huge thing for me. Now that I&#039;m about 2 1/2 months in and the energy really subsided. Also, in my second month there were days I would not take my medicine because I honestly just missed eating. I also noticed I could continue healthy choices w/o the med. I&#039;ll check back in!"
"I am on my 3rd week - first two at 20 mg and now upped to 40.  Should be at 60 (max) after the next follow up with my doctor at the end of week 4.  I&#039;m 45 and have struggled since the age of 8 with weight and depression.  I get by - it&#039;s like I&#039;m a high functioning depressed person who works her ass off to try and be healthy and happy.  I was tired and broken when my doctor suggested this drug.  Her daughter has similar issues so obviously it&#039;s personal for her too to understand people with these issues.  My experience has been great - I don&#039;t feel the urge to binge and my appetite is suppressed.  I feel hungry when I should and don&#039;t overeat.  I  love the feeling of being alert.  I work hard and these meds have helped me immensely."
"I recently had my third infusion and I always have more energy after.  My walking and balance also becomes better.  I have no side effects and am very happy."
"Have been taking Xulane for about 8 months, it&#039;s been great. Spotting during the first two months, tired with some increase in appetite until my body adjusted. I do notice mild headaches during days (1-2 times per week). Of course, breasts are swollen, which isn&#039;t a terrible side effect. I&#039;ve had no nausea, no weight gain, and my mood seems more balanced. I have a history of depression, and have not had any issues outside of baseline while using Xulane. I have fewer PMS symptoms- less depressed, less irritable, don&#039;t want to run people over then cry because I&#039;m a horrible person for thinking that :/ It&#039;s been very effective."
"Absolutely HORRIBLE! My pharmacy switched me over from Tri-Pravafram, which was working very well for me. I was told this medication was &quot;exactly the same&quot; as the Tri-P...Lies. Within one week, I had had two acne cysts near my mouth. This never happened to me. Two weeks later, my entire face was covered in cysts and painful whiteheads..my forehead and chin/jawline took the worst beating. I didn&#039;t really connect the medication to my issue since the pharmacist had assured me this drug was identical to what I was on before until about 3 months later. I switched pharmacies, and got on Tri-Sprintec and everything cleared up within a month."
"I share the same experiences as other reviewers. Fibromyalgia was finally diagnosed 10 years ago. I started taking Cymbalta one year ago and it has been a life changing event. It allowed me to get off the two opiate pain medications I was on. No need to tell anyone the impact it has on my life. It&#039;s a priceless medicine."
"I started taking this birth control a few months before I got married to my husband.  It&#039;s the first and only brand I&#039;ve ever tried, but I&#039;ve noticed no side-effects.  Even during that crazy pre-wedding time, there wasn&#039;t any weight gain or crazy mood swings (I was slightly nauseous the first few days, but it was very temporary).  I&#039;ve been on it 2 years now with no problems.  Periods are very light, no problems."
"I started at 25 mg of Lamictal. After 2 weeks my doctor increased it to 50 mg. 2 weeks after increasing my med I noticed a minor skin rash on my chest one night. I overlooked it &amp; continued taking the Lamictal. When my doctor increased it to 100 mg that is when I started having a bad reaction. That night I broke out in a bad rash on my chest, stomach &amp; left arm (not my right arm). I also started having bad chest pains. I called my doctors office the next day &amp; the nurse told me to stop taking the Lamictal &amp; go to the hospital. I&#039;m stubborn, so I refused to go. My chest pains had gone away &amp; the rash was clearing up, so I wasn&#039;t as worried about it as I was the night before. I decided to go to the EmergiCare instead &amp; I turned out to be OK"
"I love Prozac. It really helped with keeping me relaxed and in a decent mood and severely lessened my need to feed the OCD. For some reason my doctor recommended that I should try Zoloft instead. For the first two weeks on Zoloft I had diarrhea and now after six months on it I am starting to have moderate to severe pain in my legs. My leg muscles always feel as if they need a good stretch."
"Keeps me in  good sinus rhythm must be careful of red wine which can put me temporarily into arythmia but I automatically return to sinus in 24 hrs of so"
"I did not think that a pill could help speed along the process of weight loss so much. I have had 4 children and am now 37. losing that weight was not easy like it was when I was younger. My last child was born a year ago and I only lost 10 of the 30 lbs I gained. I am 5&#039;8 and weighed 222 the day I was prescribed Phentermine (January 11, 2013. As of March 7, I weigh 198). 24 lbs in less that 2 months I am HAPPPPPPYYYY! My goal is to be 150lbs. Looks like I will be there soon enough. I drink a lot of water because the only side effect I have is extremely dry mouth. The first night I took it I did have trouble sleeping but not since the first night. I go in to my Dr once a month for a check up, weigh in and new prescription. I highly recommend it!"
"There is a worse tasting medication than this one called FLEET. There is no way around the foul taste of moviprep, don&#039;t sip it try not to taste between gulps. Wash your mouth out with clean water after each 250m/l glass and chew a peppermint gum to take away the taste."
"I have been receiving  lucentis for almost two years, about 18 injections. my eye sight has stabilized and I am able to drive and use my computer, I still see wavy line with just my left eye,( the one receiving injections) but my right eye is dominant and when both are open things look normal.  I will continue with the treatment  because I do see a lot clearer since I started treatment. I am 77 years young and I don&#039;t want to have to slow down my very active life. I think I will always see some wavy lines and a small smoky spot. But you just have to deal with those small problems.   good luck to all off you that will develop this eye condition. see your eye doctor as soon as you notice an eye problem."
"You haven&#039;t lived until you have tried Dulco...OMG this has to be the most sophisticated  drug ever made for constipation.  The pain is worse than a woman&#039;s labour. I&#039;ve been using this drug now for about 7-8 years and only when I absolutely  need to. The trick is to drink at least 2 to 3 liters of water with the pills. And the pain is so mild. If you just drink a glass of water, expect to dance from the pain. So I advise anyone taking this pill to drrrrink lots of water. It takes about 6 hours to work. Secondly, dont go anywhere when you dtake it. I used to take 3 at about 2pm at work, by the time I got home at 6 or 7 I was ready to do battle. Continued use of this drug is dangerous and can cause I think palpitations.  Drink lotsa water!"
"I am 20 and have had terrible skin since I was about 15. After taking the Yasmin pill as well as Duac cream from my doctor my skin is so clear and smooth! Everyone keeps saying to me OMG your skin is amazing! I would definitely recommend it it&#039;s been brilliant. Only side affect may be mood swings but even at that I&#039;m still not sure..."
"For the first time in my life I feel normal. Dec 2011 I has gastric sleeve surgery. (Due to pcos and being pre diabetic ) Going in I weighed 352. I lost nearly 100#s. Over the past few years I&#039;ve gained 70 back. I work on the road and had no willpower when it came to coworkers stopping for fast food. Saying no is easy now. I&#039;m unsure how much I&#039;ve lost as my scale is broke, but I&#039;m back in my &quot;skinny jeans&quot; (snug but I couldn&#039;t come close to clasping them prior to saxenda. I pretty much force every meal down, and actually have to count calories to ensure I&#039;m getting enough! My main side effect has been nausea. Eatting a few bites feeling like I ate a buffet."
"Today I got my 3 month follow-up blood test and it came back undetected!  I am cured, I was a stage 2 so my liver will fully recover.  This virus has been with me almost all my life, 45 years and I consider it a miracle how easy it was to cure.  I feel great and one thing I know is that whatever kills me, it won&#039;t be my liver.  I wish you all the same cure results."
"This medication is first in class. It is not the same as the other Overactive Bladder medications. I was unable to take the other meds because of dry mouth. This medication gave me zero dry mouth and it works!"
"I have had Skyla for 4 months, before insertion I took 800mg of motrin, while the procedure still hurt, it only lasted for a couple of minutes. After I left I took another motrin in hopes to avoid any cramping, I felt a little weird at first kind of delicate I suppose but nothing horrible. That night I had some painful cramps but nothing some ibuprofen couldn&#039;t handle. The next day I felt completely fine, just some minor cramps here and there but no weight gain or mood changes. I chose this birth control because I was having irregular periods, I am 24 with no children and live an active lifestyle. It has been a great experience, I do not really have periods anymore and it has regulated all of my pms symptoms."
"Helped tremendously with migraine and tension headaches!!!"
"Wonderful results after only a week.  Not nearly as stiff, does not make me tired, and effects last 10-12 hours.  A blessing it can be bought over the counter."
"Had Sinusitis for 2 months. I was hesitant to take Cefdinir after reading all the bad reviews on here, but I finally gave in and it cleared it up in a matter of days with no side effects.   Seems the most common side effects reported here are headache and diarrhea.  I think many people aren&#039;t aware that Cefdinir should be taken with food, and that whenever you take any sort of antibiotic, you should follow up with a probiotic a couple of hours after each pill to re-balance your gut bacteria.  These two steps are probably what kept from experiencing those side effects."
"Tried other medicines for this condition and nothing helped. I used Halobetasol Propionate 0.05% Cream and it cleared in two days."
"My doc prescribed this for endometriosis. I&#039;ve tried other bc pills and right away they either made me depressed, nauseated, made my period last for weeks, gain weight, breasts ballooned up and were painful, cramps every day, acne, pretty much every awful side effect you can think of. But thankfully NOT on this pill. There has been zero side effects. Maybe for the first week I experienced mood swings at the same time at night when I took the pill but it didn&#039;t last if that was related to it. I only gave it 9 out of 10 because I&#039;ve just started the second month and I&#039;m keeping an open mind in case things were to change. But I&#039;m so thrilled with it so far and I hope it holds up!"
"I&#039;ve been through 3 other types of NSAIDs before I was prescribed Celebrex. It works great for me, and the side effects have been pretty mild compared to the previous ones."
"Started taking this about a month ago to level out my moods. I noticed difficulty focusing at first but it stopped. I&#039;m also having tingling hands, feet, and face occasionally but with the way this medicine works it&#039;s worth it. Since I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;m like a new person, this medicine is a God send. Try it."
"I was prescribed venalfaxine and after 10 days I experienced terrifying symptoms. I stopped taking it immediately, to the annoyance of the psychiatrist who had given  it. He then prescribed mirtazapine which I took at 15mg for 2 weeks with some success.  After 10 days on Mirt I had three nights of heigtened anxiety, although nothing as bad as before taking the mirt. The psychiatrist then suggested upping my mirt to 30mg. I did this for 2 nights and felt dreadful. Last night I reverted to 15mg and I intend to stay on it. I think it is worth remembering that taking drugs that &#039;mess with our heads&#039; is not like taking pain killers. If 15mg is good it does not mean that 30mg is better."
"First let me say taking this was not bad as one would think in reading some of these other reviews.  I mixed the medicine with iced tea and it didn&#039;t taste as bad as I expected.  I then followed it up with two 16-oz cups of iced tea.  Within a half hour I had to go to the bathroom and after a couple of hours I was able to sleep through the night.  About 4 hours before the procedure I repeated drinking the medicine with iced tea and two cups of iced tea.  Had to go to the bathroom a couple more times and then I was able to relax before heading off for the procedure.
I would use this prep in five years when I have my reunion with the doctor."
"Hey there, I wrote a post just a few days in but now I&#039;m updating. Its been 2 months. Honestly, the first month/2 months I had random terrible cramps that would last approximately 2 minutes (more like contractions than menstrual ) they&#039;d come out of no where and happen daily. I&#039;d sweat and grip my fists. Also I was bloated and just mildly cramp (like the day before your period) the whole time. Not attractive. Anyways, funny enough after a few days spotting this week my actual period has started and is 100% PAINLESS. I&#039;m serious. Crazy. No bloating or pain. If you can get past the first uncomfortable month or two, things will be great. Btw no pregnancy or uncomfortable sex for either partner. I don&#039;t feel it, he doesn&#039;t either."
"Suffered from heartburn for a couple decades.  Used to treat with regular doses of tums, Prilosec, and every other over the counter acid inhibitor. Nothing worked for more than a day or so.  I have been taking dexilant for 18 months now and have yet to have a single instance of heartburn. It&#039;s a fantastic remedy for those regular heartburn sufferers."
"I was on just 20 mg for a week, I didn&#039;t really notice anything. I think I had some mild side effects nothing too serious. Then I had the worst migraine I have ever had in my whole life. I decided to go up to 40 mg and so far I haven&#039;t really noticed anything still. I&#039;m going to give it a few weeks to see if it makes a difference. My neurologist said I could try Depakene (valproic acid) but I&#039;m too scared. Can someone please advice?"
"I&#039;ve been dealing with alcohol dependence for over 15 years. Have tried counseling numerous times on advise from previous doctors but always returned to drinking. Finally found a doctor who identified my patterns as worthy of medication. I&#039;ve been on naltrexone for 3 weeks now and I feel like I have my brain back, my thoughts are healthy, I can go out to see bands with my mates and not feel like I want a drink, I have fun and enjoy a sober night. This medication is a blessing and I would recommend it highly. Small side effect of constipation, but nothing a little extra fiber can&#039;t help with."
"Using for over 5 yrs.  great for depression and feeling energetic."
"-1 -- do not purchase this OTC yeast meds. I got 3-day M. for a self diagnosed yeast infection. 3 day prefilled applicators. First two days were not as bad as tonight, the 3rd dose. I completely agree with every entry here &quot;MY VAG IS ON FIRE&quot; insane burning feeling. No relief. I tried to pee, and it hurts - it&#039;s definitely after applying the meds. And this happens immediately. 
Dropped to the floor from the burn and discomfort. I don&#039;t believe any medicine in the world should cause so much suffering before it works or gets better. Do not try this unless you are trying to hurt yourself. 
Sincerely - Oakland CA."
"I have only been on this pill since Sunday (taken 3 pills so far) but so far it&#039;s great. My acne cleared up after the first night and I feel so much more relaxed and at peace (that might be because I always have a pleasant drowsy feeling which I never heard of happening on a birth control pill). I sleep really well now, my skin looks great and I have no side effects. Only thing is if I don&#039;t take care of myself by sleeping, eating or drinking enough water, I really notice now whereas before I could just ignore it. Besides that this pill has been great so far. Will try to post an update because I&#039;m not sure how it will be once I get into the other pill colors (or the next few weeks)."
"I have been on Humira for 11 months now, and have seen no long term or overall improvement with my HS. During the first month where the dosage was very high (4x at week 0, 2x at week 2, week 4 starts the 1x a week dosage prescribed for HS) there was a noticeable improvement, but it quickly went away and my skin kept (and keeps) progressing while on Humira.
Injections in the tummy are much less painful than injections in the upper thighs, and leaving the pen out for 30-60 minutes before injecting probably helps (I have never injected without doing this, so I can&#039;t say either way). Injection site soreness, at least with me, is fairly minimal and goes away within a few hours.
I haven&#039;t really noticed any other side-effects at all."
"I had problems with Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (POTS) fainting around my period. I was tested negative for anemic. The doctors tested everything and everything was negative. I started the shot in March and it is now July and I gain 10ish pounds (which is common) and have not fainted at all! Great medicine. Works different for everybody."
"Favorable experience. I was too fat and my doctor prescribed it: Tenuate 75mg. Lost a lot of weight rather quickly probably due to the fact I wasn&#039;t hungry at all while taking Tenuate 75mg. As a truck driver the added bonus of staying awake and alert helped. No bad side effects &amp; I was able to stop taking them without any withdrawal problems. I took only one each night before starting work. It was great. Ask your doctor first about a prescription."
"I have been on Belviq for 60 days now and haven&#039;t had any success.I didn&#039;t need a weight loss pill until my doc prescribed me Zoloft and I gained 15 lbs in two months. I looked and felt extremely bloated after being on zoloft, so my doc prescribed Belviq.The first week I had horrible headaches but the cravings were still there.After the first 30 days,I called my doc about feeling bloated.She prescribed me a water pill.Meanwhile, I had NO weight loss on Belviq after the 30 days.After taking the water pill I lost 7 lbs of water weight.I went back to the doc,  and she said that I had lost 3lbs on Belviq and I needed to continue taking it.It&#039;s my 60th day on Belviq,I&#039;ve gained weight and still have cravings.Glad it worked for some people!"
"I have been taking Lexapro for about 5 years now after 2 fairly major &quot;breakdowns&quot;. It has been an absolute Godsend for me. At one point the doctor thought I could come off it but I fairly quickly found my feelings dropping again and went back on it. Now I take 5mg a day and I am fine."
"Great."
"This drug literally saved my life. Before I started taking it, there was no quality of life left. I would get so nervous around people I couldn&#039;t go out into public at all, had severe panic attacks all of the time... I&#039;ve dealt with this my entire life, and it took me 17 years being put on every anti depressant/mood stabilizer/even anti psych meds except anti anxiety meds (because doctors are too afraid to prescribe them...we have a lot of junkies here) I finally found a doctor who understands me. I take 1mg xanax 3 times a day and 1,200 mg of lithium a day. This medication has changed my life. I no longer struggle with my life, I feel like for the first time I have total control and it feels great."
"I&#039;m a 22 year old female who was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive subtype following my freshman yr of college. 
I&#039;ve been taking Vyvanse for 3 yrs now (initially 30 mg, now 50 mg) and finally feel like I&#039;m living up to my potential. For the first time ever, I am able to stay organized, complete tasks and actually show up on time! 
My only complaints are lack of appetite throughout day (ravenous at night) and the desire for a cigarette for the first 2 hrs after it &quot;kicks in&quot; (never crave one when I&#039;m not taking Vyvanse). 

"
"This has been my 5th contraceptive and I like it the best.When I was on nuvaring and cryselle I developed vulvar vestibulitis (similar, but not vulvodynia).My GYN thought that I had chronic yeast infections for about 2 years and she finally realized it could be the hormones causing this painful condition.Since sharobel has no break in the drug (no sugar pill week) my horomones levelled off. I am almost cured of the vestibulitis. I have noticed a little weight gain. No hair loss. Some back and facial acne but NO PMSING! I always had strong mood swings and because I now rarely get a period I do not have ANY PMS MOOD SWINGS! I highly recommend to anyone with terrible mood swings. The only con is I have trouble getting to sleep and waking up."
"This medicine has helped me be more normal. I&#039;m not unstable at all unless I skip my medicines and I&#039;m even in university although it&#039;s very hard on me. When I take my Lamictal if I did an all nighter I go straight to bed and miss class so it does make you tired but I wouldn&#039;t recommend missing your medication for more than one night. Lamictal really helped me lead a normal life though. It&#039;s a great mood stabilizer and helped me have no relapses at all. I&#039;m on Risperdal, Paxil, Lamictal and Geodon right now but trying to get off Paxil and Risperdal completely cause it&#039;s made me gain a lot of weight."
"I am 24 years old and I have had 4 blood transfusions since I was 18 and no doctor could figure out why I kept bleeding so much on my monthly (which would last 3 weeks at a time) So on my 4th blood transfusion I finally saw a doctor who wanted to help figure out what was going on with me, after some tests and a D &amp; C he put me on medroxyprogesterone tablets once a day to control my bleeding. I have been on it for a few days now and I am hoping that it helps my situation, it seems that my only problem is that I have a really bad hormone imbalance and I have tried birth control in the past that really didn&#039;t work to help my situation. As for this medication I hope that one day I can live a normal life and someday have kids."
"Hey everyone, i thought i was losing it until i read these reviews. The first couple weeks on this were ok, then i have been spotting...which leads to heavy bleeding...to light bleeding...but now this has been going on for 3 weeks. I thought it was finally ending and today i had heavy bleeding at work. Through my super plus tampon and all over my dress. Yep awful. My dr. Told me it may take 3 months to adjust. Im beyond miserable. This pill sucks."
"I am not much of a prescriptions type person but I tried this medicine and at 50mg each night. WOW! I am feeling normal for the first time in 20 years. My insane thirst and aches are gone (most days). 

The side effects are severe constipation and all my old injuries are flaring up. 

I don&#039;t mind though. 

I&#039;d rather not have bowel movements and a bad ankle than Irritable Bowel Syndrome. "
"Fosrenol takes some time to get used to. It&#039;s a white chewable and tastes like chalk but it works great at reducing phosphorus.  I&#039;ve tried 4 different binders and it&#039;s the only one that made a significant difference in my lab results."
"Since my twenties I would have anxiety from time to time. In 2003 my mother passed away and my anxiety came on to the extent that I thought about suicide. My Dr put me on Sertraline,  a packet to start 12.5mg, 25mg, and then 50mg. While the first 2 or 3 weeks I still had some anxiety, and for maybe a month or so my emotions were flat, eventually I felt normal again. I can even drive on the interstate without fear after years of struggle. I have been on Sertraline for 14 years now, and although I still have some issues with sleep, I feel normal most of the time. It takes a few weeks for your body to adjust, so hang in there if you can."
"SOOOOO glad I finally went online to read reviews!!!!&#039; I&#039;m not the only one!  I pick up this birth control to find the had changed, but the sticker said it was the same medication? What a load of rubbish!! I&#039;ve seriously gained 5 or more pounds this week"
"I have always known I was intelligent and a doer, but I could never finish a project or class work without starting another(2-3 really!) projects. Therefore I would always get depressed and feel worthless, I couldn&#039;t handle small talk and had extreme anxiety when I had to go to church because I couldn&#039;t sit still for more than 20-30 min without wanting to burst. My mom always found ways to teach me to calm myself down in different situations but she didn&#039;t understand how bad it was. She also didn&#039;t believe in medicating her children. I wish I could describe what my first 5 employers said about me when I left their companies. I will just say this, Adderall XR 20mg once in the morning has seriously made the difference in my life."
"I had Skyla inserted 4 months ago. I took two ibuprofen prior to the procedure. The procedure itself only took about 15 minutes. I felt a sharp pain as the IUD was inserted and experienced cramps throughout the day. The next the day, they were gone. I did have some sharp cramps sporadically throughout the first two weeks I had the IUD, but they subsided. Since then, I&#039;ve had no other real side effects, aside from lighter periods and I&#039;ve noticed my hair seems to shed more than it used to. Overall, I&#039;m very happy with the IUD so far."
"My &quot;faithful&quot; boyfriend of 4 years passed on this horrible infection. We both got tested at the start of our relationship and both results came back negative. After going through weeks of pain while urinating and a sore throat I decided to get tested. I was prescribed a single dose of 4 250mg tablets of azithromycin and 2 200mg tablets of suprax. I was advised to take the dose evenly throughout the day, 1 hour before food. I took each dose 1 hour after each other and ate something small inbetween. I had no pain in my belly, no upset stomach or any of the common symptoms but for 24 hours later i had a mild ringing in both ears. I got retested 2 weeks later and everything had cleared up and the discomfort eased the day after i took the tabs."
"I had been taking vyvanse for a little of a month now for adhd and binge eating. it has worked well so far. I&#039;m able to concentrate and have a little more energy. I felt no side effects at all,and I&#039;m one who is scared to take a vitamin. I was on topamax for binge eating and it was the worse experience in the 37 years of my existence. I had already managed to loose a little weight on this so far."
"Was currently taking Lyrica but having too many electric sensations.  Now on Savella for Fibromyalgia &amp; neurological problems.   Really like it!!"
"So I was reading all of the comments and felt the need to write my own. Today is only my SECOND DAY on Chantix and do I ever feel a difference. I have no urge to smoke already, but I still do because its so routine. I had 1 cigarette this morning and towards the end of it, did it ever taste so nasty. I can feel already a stronger sense of smell and tastes and I feel like this is really going to work for me so early on. I wasn&#039;t ready to quit at all. I had the pills laying around in the house and I had to look for something and came across the Chantix box I got about three months ago and it just hit me then like its time and I am happy this happened."
"I have been on the Depo-Provera shot for a little over a year now and I must say I love it! I did not have to pay a dime out of pocket since my insurance covered it, so it was free. Also, before starting this I took the birth control pill Aviane and I sometimes forgot to take it on time, so that&#039;s the reason why I chose to get on the Depo since you take it every 3 months. The Depo is very effective and is great preventing pregnancy, I barely get periods anymore, and the unwanted hair on my body started going away.  I noticed that my hair grew longer too, but I don&#039;t know if it was because of the Depo shot or not. Other than that I will continue to use this form of birth control and I highly recommend this to other women."
"Excellent.  Cleared up large acne blemishes in less time than expected. Within two weeks, skin was significantly clearer. Side effects were minimal. No red or dry patches."
"I got a yeast infection for the first time a couple days ago. So I went to the store and bought monistat 1. I would absolutely recommend this to any girl. An hour after using the medicine I felt some leaking and irritation So I used the cream. With in four hours of using the medicine I feel a million times better. I will definitely use monistat if I ever have this problem again."
"I&#039;m 28 with two kids I just started adipex and I love it all ready. I am  waiting to see results. I work til midnight and stay very busy. I&#039;m 224 and can&#039;t wait untilIi see how many pounds I lose. I would like to get down to about 170 thats my goal."
"I have been on Losartan with Atenolol for 6 1/2 years after triple bypass surgery.  With proper eating and exercise, the results have been very good.  My blood pressure is well maintained in the 120/130 over 64/76 range.  I am 69 years old and find that low sodium diet and limited meats, along with walking exercise is an excellent combination. GET THE WEIGHT OFF AND START WALKING 30 to 40 minutes and cut the TV off!"
"I have had excruciating pain for 4 years. I used from fentanyl patch to morphine sulfate CR. The change is dramatic, no third day withdrawals. Have 24 hr coverage, not for 48 hours. Living in the South, the auto&#039;s temp rises to 140 in the car and the patch is not meant for dramatic temperature changes."
"Lost 8 pounds in the first five days!"
"This has been the best medicine for lifting my mood from severe depression due to bipolar. I have come along way. If you have not tried this I recommend it highly. I do take this with cymbalta, but I was on it years ago by itself and got good results. Give it a try."
"Excellent!"
"This medication has changed the life of my 15 years old with Autism. My son suffered from years of screaming the whole night. He takes 25 mg along with 2 mg clonozepam at bed time and this worked miracle to us."
"I suffer from IBS, and by suffer I mean between alternating IBS-d &amp; IBS-c. 

It&#039;s a fun combination, said no one ever. 
In the last 5yrs, IBS-c symptoms are the most prevalent. Recently, I experienced SEVERE constipation (nearly 8+ days). I was terribly bloated, my abdomin was distended, had gas pains (under each side of my rib cage), and even chest pains. 

I took dulcolax for women at the onset of this situation. It barely worked. It did however cause me to curl up in the fetal position on a hotel floor room (I was traveling for business) for over 2.5hrs while grabbing my stomach in agony due to the severe cramping it caused. Cold sweats and crying out for my mom (at 33yrs old) accompanied the pain. 

So imagine my hesitation when my parents urged me to take M.O.M. while visiting for the holiday. 
Even with the fear of being curled up on the bathroom floor in my childhood home- I gave into my concerned parents recommendation of taking M.O.M. 
Night 1 - I was scared of cramping (even though the label clearly states - stimulant &amp; cramp free) so I only took 45ml vs. 60ml prior to bed. 
I woke up and had success! Multiple BM&#039;s but still felt (knew) I was constipated. 
Night 2 - knowing I had not successfully passed everything- I took 60ml prior to bed. 
Within 2 hrs I had multiple (I mean multiple) BM&#039;s and still am today - over 36hrs later. 

I cannot say enough about M.O.M. it will most certainly become my go to - if this should happen again (which I know it will). It&#039;s effective and I did not experience any negative side effects! No cramping!"
"By far the greatest medication available. Especially if you take it on the first sign of your migraine and close your eyes for 5-10 min. It will take care of the pain so quickly!"
"So I am in month 3 of having nexplanon and I honestly can say I really like it not having to think about when to take my pill or  if I took my pill.  Yes starting out I got cramps and I have had a light period for two weeks.  But considering my last birth control had an 18% chance of getting pregnant this is implant is so much better.  My skin does break out a bit more but I started washing my face twice a day and it is going away.  My boyfriend understands what I am going through.  I can barely tell I have it in and have had no other problems such as fatigue,  weight gain,  or headaches.  Everyone&#039;s experience is different but I will probably stick with this until I am ready to have children."
"After two months on the shot I started to bleed, spotting and breakthrough bleeding is not uncommon but this was much more. My doctor kept telling me to stick it out that it can take up to 12 months to stop, after 13 months of almost everyday bleeding we decided to call it quits. It does wonders for some but didn&#039;t for me."
"I am 17 and I have had pretty moderate acne since I could remember, and pretty severe acne on my back for last four or five years. I asked my dermatologist to start me on accutane as I&#039;ve had two friends who sware by it. The first month I was on 40mg Claravis, my side effects were dry lips, skin, and scalp, nose bleeds out the wazoo, and weird rashes around my elbows and hands. But the results were incredible. All of my back acne was gone within the first week. The blackheads on my chin vanished. Although it made my face breakout slightly worse, I was warned that would happen. I am now on month two 60mg Myorisan and the side effects are slightly worse this month. also, it is a bit pricey. But still, very happy with this medication."
"I was prescribed 37.5 mg of Effexor (raised to 75 mg after a week) after going off Zoloft, for depression, GAD, and Panic Disorder. I took it for about 2 months and it was horrible. I had terrible insomnia and when I managed to sleep, I had night terrors that resulted in me waking up multiple times in the middle of the night sweating through my sheets. My depression became so much worse, suicidal thoughts/self-harm ideation more rampant, and I had panic attacks at least every second day, sometimes more than once a day. I had a public nervous breakdown before I finally went off it and was prescribed Escitalopram instead. The difference was like night and day. Effexor is definitely not for everyone."
"I am a Certified Spin instructor and I currently take and/or teach 6 classes per week. Have done so for years and before that I was a high impact aerobics instructor which is where I probably did my damage. I also ride my road bike appx 50 miles a week. I suffer from OA and torn meniscus ( 2 places) in my left knee only. I had shot #1 and taught the same day. I immediately noticed a slight improvement with a feeling of increased stability. I no longer take Ibuprofen as needed which was usually only before spin classes. I have #2 tomorrow so I&#039;m hoping for more improvement. BTW the shot easier than the Cortisone shot."
"I have had the paragard for six years and I don&#039;t regret my decision for getting it inserted. I absolutely love it! No hormones..it hasn&#039;t caused me any side effects that I&#039;m aware of. It did kind of hurt when it was inserted, and I cramped the day of. I spotted for about two -three days but after that I was fine. I took birth control pills for years and after having the paraguard for six years I will never go back to the pills.  I have normal menstrual cycle..it isn&#039;t too heavy..and I don&#039;t cramp every month; however some months I do. Unfortunately I have heard of women getting pregnant while on the paragard but not everything is 100%. Most of the time..the paragard does prevent pregnancy and I would definitely recommend!"
"This medication has literally saved my life!! I was severely depressed and had horrible anxiety and almost committed suicide. The first week on this drug was awful and I was very sick....then a miracle happened. After only a couple of weeks I suddenly realised that I felt &#039;normal&#039;, my thoughts were clear and organised, I was able to laugh, focus, I didn&#039;t feel like crying anymore, my fun-loving personality was shining through once more and I became a better version of me. Everyone has noticed and commented, I am now a great person to be around. I am able to work and eat and sleep and function like a normal young woman and it&#039;s all thanks to this amazing drug. It really has given me my life back."
"I was diagnosed with General Anxiety, Social Anxiety and panic attacks about 17 years ago. I was prescribed many different medicines, but what has worked BEST with my panic attacks and over all anxiety is Klonopin. I was prescribed 0.5 mg 3 times daily, it has been a God send. I do not go above my prescribed dosage and can take any time of day and stay right on track at work etc. I have been on this dosage for 7 years and it&#039;s made a huge difference in my quality of life. I will say that I ran out over a holiday weekend and couldn&#039;t get any more until the following Tuesday. 3 days without caused severe withdrawal symptoms, unable to sleep, watery mouth, dry heaves and clammy skin, it was awful. So don&#039;t miss dosage(s) &amp; you&#039;ll be fine."
"This has been a nightmare. When the botox started working, I was barely able to urinate at all and my partner had to rush me to hospital emergency to get a catheter put in. My bladder was completely paralyzed from the botox. This treatment is really brutal! I had to then self catheterize 3 times per day for about 2 months until the botox wore off enough that I could urinate, and I&#039;ve had multiple UTIs since then, which is another side effect of this treatment. If a doctor offers you this treatment, run a mile! Its not worth the pain and suffering that you will go through.  Now, after 7 months, the botox has mostly worn off but its still difficult to empty the last bit out of my bladder because the bladder muscle is still partially paralyzed"
"I&#039;m going through a custody battle right now and this is the ONLY thing getting me through the days with a clear head. My boyfriend after 20 years said if I leave him (he&#039;s abusive) that he&#039;d take everything from me. He wasn&#039;t kidding. He knows I&#039;ve suffered with panic disorder since I was 16. My dr put me on Prozac and that&#039;s helping a little bit to control crying. But the Klonopin is giving my heart and mind a chance to breathe again when I take it as needed. I take two 0.5/mg sometimes together or apart. Ativan &amp; Xanax never worked on me before. I feel so present in the moment when I take my Klonopin. "
"Worst medication EVER.  I couldn&#039;t form simple thoughts together.  Couldn&#039;t complete tasks.   Migraines got worse.  That was at 100/mg.   200mg was twice as bad.   

Neuro told me I could quit taking it cold turkey.   He&#039;s a flipping moron.   I sunk into a deep depression with high anxiety after tapering dose down.   This medication needs to be banned."
"I was panicked reading all these reviews but it worked great for me and got rid of my Uti after 3 other useless antibiotics. Bit of usual antibiotic side effects eg stomach pain but nothing really bad and nothing that lasted."
"I have had all kinds of seizures and taken just about every medicine over the last 25 years. Now I take only Vimpat. Seizure free for over 2 years. Yes, I still have memory issues and meds make me sleepy for about 30 minutes but I could never stay on my medicines because I work. I currently take meds daily and work about 45-50 hours per week!  Vimpat has greatly improved the quality of my life."
"For a severely abscessed tooth this pain killer worked great. The side effects were sweats, nagging headache, and constipation."
"I&#039;ve been taking Reclipsen for a little more than a year and it has been great! My periods last about the same as when I wasn&#039;t taking it (a bit heavier). The first few months I started taking it I lost about 10 pounds and now I am back to my normal weight. I would recommend it to anyone."
"I can not believe the cost of OPANA ER!  After my wife and I pay our deductible for the OPANA ER we still get the shaft!  I take four a day and after insurance I pay $250.00 for 30 days and my wife takes six a day for 30 days and hers is $350.00 after insurance pays!  This is ludicrous. When I was given this medicine last year I decided that I was not going to take any more test or take any more medicine unless if is generic and cheap and that the tests were paid a 100%. "
"I switched over from Aviane because my doctor said they were &quot;exactly the same&quot; but no. I bled really badly and ended up in the hospital because I thought something was seriously wrong."
"This is a great product. I have run the whole course of home cures, doctor visits, constant pain in the A** all this year. My latest Doctor prescribed ProctoFoam and 1st use was a God Send. Relief was instant. Burning, itch and pain faded away. Slept so good."
"I started Avonex about 6 months after diagnosis. I got terribly sick after injecting. It was like coming down with the flu once a week. I felt feverish and painfully achy. I took naproxen and that helped. Later on I asked my neurologist for Vicodin to help out with the achy pain. Together the medicines helped the side effects. I never miss a week and as I injected more and more, the side effects have lessened to the point that with Vicodin I can work well on my injection days. I cannot sleep thru the night on an injection. I sleep poorly and wake up in pain several times. I have not had a relapse in five years on Avonex though my balance and leg have slowly worsened somewhat. I still work my feet full time."
"After trying a ton of different medications and having no luck, my doctor finally decided to put me on propranolol. After trying so many meds with no luck, I didn&#039;t have much hope. I have been on this medication for 3 days now and I am ECSTATIC! I am taking 40mg twice a day (once in morning and once at night). I used to wake up with headaches and go to bed with headaches and for these 3 days I have not had ANY pain! I usually have headaches at least 4-5 days a week and for me to wake up with no pain and go to bed with no pain feels so amazing. I didn&#039;t get any dizziness or any side effects at all so far. Although it&#039;s only been 3 days so far, I can tell it&#039;s made a huge difference already. "
"It does stuff I never thought meds would do.  It has made corrections to my perceptions and how I look at things and my racing thoughts"
"This is the first birth control I have been on so I don&#039;t have much to compare it to, but I have been on it for 2 years. I got on Loestrin 24 Fe because I was sexually active and had irregular periods. Since I have been on the pill I have had shorter, lighter periods and very minimal cramping (if at all). I am very pleased with this pill. I don&#039;t even have spotting between periods. If taken correctly, I feel that this birth control is very effective. I have not had any side effects that I can even think of. I have always been average weight and Loestrin 24 Fe has not caused me to gain/lose anything. To be completely honest, I have never had an issue with acne so I can&#039;t really express whether or not it has helped in that manner."
"So I started taking the pill naltrexone this morning. I was on day 9 of being off subutex and was taking the subutex for 5 yrs following a opioid addiction for several yrs prior. I had it very rough the first week of being clean then things started getting a little easier. Other than the occasional anxiety, insomnia and just plain no motivation to do anything. I first was prescribed clonedine to help w anxiety and really it&#039;s too lower heart rate. One min I wld feel okay the next very sluggish. Did 2 days of this then went to the naltroxone.  I felt pretty good this morning before I took the pill and now it&#039;s like I&#039;m back into withdrawals...anxiety, sweats,  muscle aches..it just seems to b very discouraging. Should I continue the naltrexone?"
"This medication is amazing!   I&#039;ve battled depression &amp; anxiety all my adult life (30 years).  I used alcohol periodically to self medicate and could &amp; would stop in the past.  I was drinking a 5th of vodka nightly for over a year &amp; was unable to stop due to withdrawals. I reached a point where I knew I needed help.  My liver enzymes were consistently elevated, I was extremely overweight, &amp; the depression &amp; anxiety had grown so severe that I felt suicidal.  After a 3 week tapering off using Librium, I was still craving alcohol.   But after the 1st day of taking Campral, I have yet to crave alcohol.  Its been 2 weeks...l&#039;ve walked every day and lost 12 lbs. Campral combined w/counseling and support; feeling healthier and hopeful than ever!"
"Middle age stinks. In the last 5 years my weight and blood pressure became also uncontrollable. My last doctor visit I weighed in at my heaviest. 201# and being 5&#039;7&quot; was categorised has obese. Plus my blood pressure was sky high. Dangerously high. My doctor told me about Saxenda. Well my insurance company would not cover it. So the doctor&#039;s office called in an RX for Victoza. I started the injections May 3rd. I followed the dosing schedule and increased the dose every 7 days. I continue to take the 1.8mg dose. I have lost 31 pounds since May. My blood pressue is now normal even abit low. I feel like I have my life back."
"I would NOT recommend , my periods are ten times worse, I get really sick the day before and after my period!! My legs constantly hurt throughout my period I get VERY lightheaded! I&#039;ve become very anemic! I was told it would stop after 3 months still hasn&#039;t it&#039;s been 6 month and I&#039;m miserable and constantly feel like I&#039;m getting weaker and not myself!!"
"I have been on Zubsolv for 3 days now because my insurance won&#039;t cover Suboxone (which I was on previously for over a year, my insurance company got switched) my Dr told me about Zubsolv and I gave it a try (and because its covered thru my insurance.) I see/feel NO DIFFERENT than from when I was on the Suboxone. I personally feel that Zubsolv works better for me. But everyone&#039;s body is different. The ONLY thing I DON&#039;T like about the Zubsolv is the taste. It is a VERY STRONG MENTHOL TASTE, BUT THE TABLETS DISSOLVE VERY QUICKLY!"
"Love it, it helps ease my severe neck pain, haven&#039;t had any side effects yet."
"The first 2 weeks were rough. I was sick to my stomach, dizzy and tired. My doctor switched me to separate prescriptions of Wellbutrin and Naltrexone (the same drugs in Contrave) and I took one in the morning and one at bedtime. It got rid of the side effects. I&#039;ve lost 20lbs in the last 2 months. The medication doesn&#039;t suppress my appetite but now I can feel when I&#039;m full and I&#039;m able to walk away with food still on the plate. It doesn&#039;t miraculously take away the cravings, but now I feel okay saying no or having a couple of bites and being done. Before starting the medication I could eat a meal and an entire dessert by myself but now I eat maybe half as much. If Contrave made you sick it&#039;s worth asking your doc about separating it."
"This was my first birth control pill. I was on it for 2 months. I was prescribed this for heavy, long periods (a super plus tampon and a maxi pad would last me about 2 hours at most. Setting alarms every 2 hours at night was not fun) and severe cramps that caused me to black out and miss school. I never got acne, but after starting this pill I noticed a few spots-nothing big, maybe 5 or 6 over the course of 2 months. Nothing happened to my weight. My periods were extremely light; a regular tampon was all I needed for 4 to 6 hours. I did notice my sex drive decreased greatly, and it did increase the severity of my bipolar disorder. However, I would still recommend this pill."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon for 2 weeks now. Some bleeding some mood swings but not much different than before but no change in sex drive still the same may be a little higher than it was but the bleeding is getting in the way of sex. Other than than that I love it; no more condoms. Always hated condoms and now we found a better way to protect us. It&#039;s great and very effective. I LOVE IT."
"This pill was fine for the first three months that I was on it, then I started constantly spotting.  I only had 3-4 days a month that I was not spotting while on this med.  I was switched to Lo Loesterin and the spotting has stopped."
"The best product. I will recommend this. My advice is to have patience with it and your acne will disappear."
"I have been on Invokana since September 2013, so a little over a year. I have experienced hair loss, tiredness, and yeast infections. I talked to my doctor about the hair loss, which I experienced for over a year. He has upped my Metformin to the maximum dosage. My hair has stopped falling out. I am also using Rosemary essential oil to help with hair loss, and probiotics for the yeast infection. I have had amazing results with this medication in regards to blood sugar control. My A1C went from 12.3 to 7.1 I have never had such control. As a benefit I have lost over the course of a year 34 pounds. I feel that the benefits outweigh the side effects"
"I&#039;ve gotten Kyleena inserted on the 11th of this month. It&#039;s been a cool experience so far. I mean the procedure was a little intense. But I have a high tolerance for pain. I only screamed when my doctor inserted the IUD. But that&#039;s because I wasn&#039;t expecting it (caught me off guard). Anyways, I&#039;ve had it for 2 weeks now and there&#039;s only one down side on this for me and to the spotting. My body is still getting used to this and I have recently had a miscarriage so I&#039;m thinking I&#039;ll spot and have light cramps for a few more weeks. I spot on and off and it makes me sad because I think the spotting is over with lol. But other than the constant spotting, I would recommend this birth control."
"I got the implant October 31, 2007 and kept it in until February 2009.  I BLED the ENTIRE time with this implant.  I cannot say whether it&#039;s the best or worst, but it wasn&#039;t for me!  I was told to give my cycle at least 6 months to adjust--it never did.  So just be sure to discuss the pros and cons with your physician."
"Have been suffering with rls for 10 yrs., at least. Tried Requip, neurontin, quinine, nothing worked. Started Mirapex 3 weeks ago. No more rls! I cant believe it. My life was hell. Even helps during the day. I started on .5 mg at 6pm. Daily. This has been a miracle for me, no side effects."
"I had immediate  problems when I started taking this medication. Honestly, I thought it was a placebo, because I had all of the symptoms that caused me to take the med in the first  place. Definitely  did not work for me."
"I was prescribed this along with tramadol (Ultram) to deal with pain associated with hip and knee arthritis prior to my hip resurfacing procedure.  The combination worked work very well for me although I still needed a cane.  I also got some cortisone injections in my knees which were miraculously helpful.  Since the surgery 1 month ago, I&#039;ve been able to discontinue the tramadol and now only take the diclofenac occasionally (1 a day, 2-3 x a week). However, it does make me a bit lethargic, and I notice that my legs do swell and I seem to urinate less volume (sorry for the details). I do recommend the diclofenac, however."
"I&#039;ve been taking Rapaflo for one week now w/o any adverse side effects. Rapaflo worked immediately to mitigate nightly trips to the bathroom. I now
make one or two trips and the flow is significantly much stronger than previously. The only negative is that my PDP doesn&#039;t cover Rapaflo."
"Went on vacation in the Dominican came back with a uti. Not the souvenir I wanted , I believe I got it from the filthy water I swam in. Haiti is on the other side and have no sewer system. If you swim with a tampon in and don&#039;t remove it right away it will stew with the the ocean water.  I struggled for a year &amp; I ended up taking ceftin for 3 months straight in order to kill the multi drug resistant ecoli that had invaded my bladder cells. It took 3 months to shed the lining of my bladder with the invaded cells. My urologist put me on hiprex for bladder maintenance. It works! I&#039;m a med tech and dip my urine and look at it under the scope constantly, my urine stays acidic and no ecoli would want to take up residency :)"
"I had been suffering from hyperdidrosis for about two years. The most unbearable and uncomfortable situation was the feeling of drops of sweat roll down my side. I had to change my wardrobe completely. I would come back from school and immediately have to change my shirt. I had tried everything!  I tried home remedies to all kinds of deoderants, but nothing worked. Not only was it embarassing, but the sensation of having sweaty underarms was uncomfortable. I told my doctor about and she gave me drysol. It was a MIRACLE! The day after I put it on, my sweat was 99% GONE!! Just a little burning, but not to bad. It reduced my sweating and know I can go back to the life I used to have. Thank the heavens for this product! Love it!"
"I started having RL at 15. Then I kept it to myself even when I would be up all night sometimes taking 5 hot baths bc I thought it was in my head. My Pdoc actually prescribed it because she had prescribed me adderall for ADD and it got SO bad. When mine hits it&#039;s literally like I want to claw/cut my legs off. kick them front to back, left to right, scratch them, hit them. Nothing helped. Gabapentin helped me immediately. To those of you who said it didn&#039;t help or it made you too sleepy... I was told to take mine at bedtime. Normally I take it 2-3 hours before. 900mgs. I gave it a 9 because I do have breakthrough spells, and bad clumsiness. Taking it 2-3 hours before makes me only be dizzy and clumsy before bed and not the next morning."
"over the years I tried quite a few sleep medications with no results at all.  We moved to a new state and found a new doctor,  I&#039;m now on 30mg temazepam  and I sleep like a baby for at least 8 hrs a night. I was put on 7.5, 10mg and 15 mg.  30mg works for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for a little over two months now and I absolutely love it.  I was really scared of the side effects after reading tons of reviews, but I decided to go for it and I&#039;m so glad I did! I don&#039;t have to worry about anything for 3 years and it takes a lot of pressure off of me and my partner. I was especially scared about the constant bleeding that a lot of people complained about, but I haven&#039;t run into that problem at all! I was actually supposed to have my period last week, but it never came, so here&#039;s to hoping I don&#039;t have to deal with that for the next three years! 
Definitely consider this--it&#039;s painless and a great and easy way to be responsible about birth control!"
"Zoloft works for me. No side affects. Just brought me back to feeling normal.
I take 100MG a day. This was a life and marriage saver for me. I was so panic-depressed-angry before."
"Was prescribed flagyl for BV but was never entirely sure I even had it as no tests were conducted. Took the pills and am so happy tomorrow is my last day! Literally the worst side effects ever, day one wasn&#039;t so bad just had metallic taste in mouth but every other day I&#039;ve experienced headaches, nausea, and extreme fatigue to where I&#039;m sleeping all day. The medication is so much worse than the slight issues I even had."
"I took plan b 3 times in my lifetime, I did it my first two times of having protected sex (I was really nervous so my boyfriend bought it I was obviously not even close to pregnant though) and then last night where the condom broke on us. I have never been so nervous since this is the time I really need it. i took it a hour within having it break, I get my period on the 26th mostly but still praying and waiting."
"So after reading all the comments, I now know its not just me:( 
Went and got the monistat 1, put it in about 1 today. Felt fine till about 30 minutes ago. Oh my!!!! My inside are on itchy fire. This is horrible. I&#039;m hoping at least it works for all this pain. I can say I will never use this AGAIN!!! What helps with some kind of relief ladies??? Help please"
"After years on Zoloft I&#039;ve been switched to Lexapro, now I&#039;m 10 mg (targeting 20mg per day) with HUGE DIFFERENCE. No more mood swings, no more anxiety, I&#039;m calm and happy. I&#039;m glad I change my meds, now I feel like living person again ! It&#039;s great."
"I take this drug to help combat Major Depression (had for 1.5 years).  I have also tried Paxil (made me crazier), Prozac (did nothing for me) and Effexor (worked well but the sexual side effects were worse than the depression).  I started Wellbutrin at 150mg and slowly increased to 300mg by after completely titrating off Effexor, had to increase to 450 because MD came back.  SO, here is the deal - at first this drug feels awful (realize that most anti&#039;s are like this in the beginning).  I had to stick with it for at least a month and the extreme anxiety has always normalized.   But OMG - this is the first drug that motivates me to get out of bed and face each day.  for me it helps to balance my down mood &amp; &#039;urge to isolate&#039; and sabotage my day."
"MIRACLE DRUG. Seriously. Hayfever my entire life. Hayfever x 10000 in Melbourne, Australia. Tried at least 10 different allergy tablets and sprays and eye drops, from both US and Australia. I eat local pollen honey and have an air purifier in my house that runs 24/7 and still my symptoms persisted.  Dymista immediately relieved my allergic symptoms -- I can breathe, I can go outside, my eyes don&#039;t itch, my hives have stopped, sneezing stopped, runny nose has stopped, headache stopped. I can&#039;t rave enough about this one. Can&#039;t believe I didn&#039;t start it sooner. If you&#039;re suffering seasonal allergies just go to your doctor, get a prescription and feel the relief."
"Overall, I love the Mirena. I went from 8 years of birth control pills to finally getting something more permanent placed, and I wish I had done it earlier. Nothing to think about, no periods, etc. My mood is more stable and sex drive is greater than it was when I was on Yasmin. Being 26 years old and never having children, the insertion was extremely painful and I was very nauseous. It only took about 3 minutes to put in, but I was out of commission for the first week following. My doctor gave me some stronger medicines since the ibuprofen wasn&#039;t working and nausea wasn&#039;t subsiding, and that helped a lot. Since then, I&#039;ve been good to go! No acne, no weight gain."
"To all of those girls (I&#039;m 20 but I&#039;m confident it will work for women of other ages) who think they will never have a clear face and will forever be burdened with horrible pimples, burning acne creams, pills, scrubs etc. THIS birth control is for you! I have never done a review of anything but felt the need to let all the girls out there with bad acne that there IS help. I was on it for a month and then immediately saw results. My awful, deep, painful pimples started disappearing and within 2 months I had a perfectly clear face- no acne at all. I do have some red spots from past pimples and once in a while when I&#039;m stressed I&#039;ll get a pimple or two but Tri Sprintec is my SAVIOR. I tried EVERYTHING for my acne and this worked."
"Unbelievable!  After suffering everyday with sciatica nerve pain, losing sleep, falling into depression, I tried one pill, Aleve. Nothing else I tried worked.  Aleve did exactly what my body needed to get relief from pain and inflammation.  I didn&#039;t want a narcotic, no. I will continue to take Aleve for a week to be sure that all traces of sciatica and inflammation are completely gone."
"I ended up having a very bad experience with Viibyrd, due to its drug interactions with Xanax I&#039;m taking for anxiety. The first month was wonderful though. After the first dose, I felt amazing; I felt calm, content, and had energy to get through my day. It did give me nausea sometimes, so I had to make sure I ate a big breakfast to avoid that.

Things started to get bad during the second month. My mood wasn&#039;t as amazing as before &amp; some suicidal thoughts came back. Then, I began experiencing hallucinations&mdash; visual, closed-eyed, even musical. It was pretty horrifying and made my depression and anxiety TREMENDOUSLY worse altogether. My doc immediately took me off Viibyrd &amp; switched to Celexa. 

Viibryd co-pay was also very expensive."
"Celexa has improved my well being and life immensely! I feel like a care bear jumped into my body. Seriously though, on day one I already felt better, not sure if that was the medicine or just my attitude towards starting the regimen. But having a positive attitude definitely helps. It has been a while now and I feel more energetic, I&#039;m sleeping much more normally and I am just plain HAPPY! 
I used to have extreme mood swings and the smallest thing would set me off. Now I notice things that used to send me in a hissy fit or bad attitude and they make me laugh or I shrug it off. I suggest this medicine. I am terrible usually at adapting to medicines but this one fit right in! I&#039;m going to stop before I start singing &quot;happy happy joy joy&quot;."
"I have tried a countless number of remedies and Zomig is the only thing that has worked for me.  I do have a couple of side effects to mention. Sensitive skin (pain to the touch), tingling in my extremities achey joints and muscles and excessive urination. Although these side effects don&#039;t happen everytime I use it.  Zomig has been a miracle for me, I have suffered migraines for 18 years.  I can live with the side effects and only hope my migraines will go away with menopause like the doctors have told me."
"Have been taking Belviq for two and a half months have lost 10 lbs.  First two days had a headache and felt weird, but then it went away and I have noticed I sleep like a rock (albeit I do have weird dreams).  I also have a lot LESS anxiety, so I am unsure what that is about?  I don&#039;t have any other side effects except that I am MUCH less hungry, don&#039;t really think about food like I use to.  It has been so much easier to stay on track and just eating like a normal human.  I feel GREAT and am very grateful to this drug."
"Developed bronchial infection couple of days into a cold. Tried usual cold remedies, but was feeling worse. Got up enough strength to drive over to my primary physician who is also a pulmonary specialist. I wanted chest x-ray as I had double-pneumonia years ago, was hospitalized, very ill, so ill they brought priest in for my last rites. My physician prescribed 100 mgs doxycycline 2 x daily, told me to take it with food if I felt nauseous.  First 2 days I was ok; took it with 8 oz. water as directed, ate some bread with it, waited to eat my full meal, stayed off dairy. Third day nausea, dizziness began, head felt like vice grips were squeezing it. Into day 4 now, still same side effects, but med is breaking up and clearing out infection."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena since March of 2015. It was a painful insertion. Since then, I&#039;ve had migraines on a regular basis, acne, and decreased sex drive. I don&#039;t know if I should call them periods, but for weeks at a time since the insertion, there&#039;s the old super dark brown blood discharge. My OB-GYN put me on some medication for the bleeding, but it hasn&#039;t worked. I plan on getting it removed within the next couple of weeks."
"Long story kinda short! My knee swelled up where I couldn&#039;t even bend it. My mom gave me a tube of her gel. It worked right away when I applied it. Great stuff. Here&#039;s the best part though. I have a bulge in my lower back. I have meloxacam but I don&#039;t take it regularly because I feel that it don&#039;t help any. So one day my back is as hurting really bad so I decided to apply the gel. Glad I did because wow! It works amazing! They should most definitely test it on the back. I know surgery will be the only thing for permanent relief but I&#039;m only 31 and one can&#039;t afford it and two it&#039;s not guarantee it would work and  could make my problem worse. Next time I go to my doctor I will be asking for my own prescription."
"Works wonders on rapid cycling.  I really love this medicine.  I know it is off label for bipolar, but wow!  I take it with another mood stabilizer, antipsychotic and a when required antipsychotic and antidepressant, and it has stabilized my Ultradian cycling that is so hard to treat.  I feel normal again.  I take 150mg.  Also can work in conjunction with other common weigh gainer medicines to cancel out the weigh gain effect - just a tip."
"Another fail.  I had the opposite side effects as most people though.  I was drained.  I was the opposite of constipated.  I got chills/goosebumps, but painful ones.  I had some sweats, but mostly painful goosebumps.  I already feel like crap with depression.  I don&#039;t need another medicine to make me feel worse.  Cymbalta had a similar effect on me.  I was sick and drained.  Effexor didn&#039;t have that issue, just some nausea and I did feel energized, but it would take me 10 minutes to urinate.  Fetzima was my 20th antidepressant.  I am looking into a clinical trial of ECT and Ketamine.  I am over those useless medicines.  I can&#039;t believe this garbage retails for 400/mo.  I got it at no cost with the savings card for the first month."
"Since entering menopause, I find I come down with urinary tract infections more frequently.  At the first sign of discomfort, I start with cranberry juice and Azo.  The cranberry juice helps make my urine more acidic (inhibiting bacteria) and the Azo calms my bladder and relieves the urgency and pain.  The only downside (if you want to call it that) is that it turns your urine dark yellow and can stain, but it&#039;s definitely worth it)."
"I am thrilled to be treated with Harvoni, truly a miracle drug!
GT:1b  VL:15 million to UND at 4 weeks
Completed 8/12 weeks with minimal sides."
"I would like to add to everyones into, the first day of taking your low dose maybe try take your first day on a non work day! Both days I went back on it I threw up on day one and felt nauseous. Everyone is different but that was me! My starting dose for week one was 10mg then brought up to 15. Do not let this put you off as after day one, this goes away and it&#039;s all back to normal :)"
"I started taking Prozac (10mg) a couple of months ago and I feel like a different person - in a good way. Before, I felt like I could not control my angry outburst. I no longer rage. I feel much more positive. I no longer obsessively think about people I am angry with. I feel capable of letting things go! I don&#039;t create hostility where there is none anymore. Prozac has been wonderful. I&#039;m really glad I started taking it."
"I have been using Tenuate 75mg for 4 months along with a modified high protein/low fat diet substituting 2 meals a day with a protein shake. I have lost 41 lbs and gone from a size 20W to a size 14!  I am very happy with my weight loss and how this drug makes me feel!  I have no jitters or racing heart and can tell a difference if I forget to take it.  On days I forget I feel like I&#039;m searching for something to put in my mouth and have to make a truly conscious effort to drink more water and not succumb to my cravings/urges to eat anything and everything!  Days when I take it I almost never think about eating and have to use the alarms set on my blackberry to remind me to eat every 4 hours!  I have a lot more energy and no trouble sleeping."
"Clarithromycin is extremely effective but unfortunately, it tastes horrid and leaves a disgusting taste in your mouth, to get rid of the taste I recommend eating a banana and gargling some water. Though it is effective there are many side effects e.g, Diarrhoea, Nausea, Sickness and others. I am still taking Clarithromycin, I suffered from multiple symptoms, Motion Sickness, Diarrhoea and Nausea are the ones I suffer from but it could be different for someone else. If you do take Clarithromycin for Otitis the symptoms are added to the side effects, I still had a full feeling in my ear, problems with balance, ear ache and a head ache so be wary of that. I recommend resting and not moving your head fast/too much."
"I started a 12 week course on champix I lasted 4 weeks. I can&#039;t rate them enough I only lasted 4 weeks cos that&#039;s how long it took me to stop smoking and 3 months on I don&#039;t even have the need or urge to pick up a Cigy. I&#039;ve been smoking...sorry I used to smoke for 20 years tried everything to stop and nothing helped.  The only side affect I had was a few restless nights where i found it hard to sleep but that&#039;s a small price to pay to kicking the habbit. Thank you champix !!"
"Started taking Prograf in July of 2011 for my heart transplant, except for some slight itching and for a little fluid in my ankles, this drug has worked wonders. "
"I have been a diabetic for 51 yrs. I used Lantus as my bedtime insulin and Novolog on sliding scale for meals. I was taken off Lantus by Endo and replaced it with Tresibia. 1st day I noticed dizziness, 2nd day it was worse on 3rd day I can&#039;t walk across a room for I am going side ways. I am so sick for i feel like I am on a merry go round non stop. My BS dropped to 25 this morning and with the dizziness and this I was in a bad shape!!! Back to my Lantus I go and Tresibia is in TRASH where it belongs!!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve had mine in for almost a year and I will say the first few months were terrible!  I don&#039;t have severe anxiety but I did when I  first had it inserted.  I was anxious,  nervous,  irritable,  on edge,  and emotional.  After the first few months passed it got alot better! I&#039;ve hardly had any periods and the ones I&#039;ve had were light with no cramps or mood swings.  They&#039;re spaced about four months apart and I tend to bleed for longer.  Sometimes up to 3 or even 4 weeks but they&#039;re so light I don&#039;t notice until I wipe after using the bathroom.  Doesn&#039;t interfere with sex either, due to it being so light and not having any period side effects.  I haven&#039;t worn a tampon or pad in  almost a year.  My last period I did experience some cramping."
"I was on Alesse 28 since I was 17 (2012) and never missed a day for 3 years. It made me extremely moody, I had horrible acne, it didn&#039;t help relieve pain for my periods at all and lost my appetite altogether because it always felt like it was stuck in my throat. Although my boobs came in when I started this, I hated it. In the summer of 2015, I became pregnant while on this bcp for 3 years, and my partner wore a condom. After I stopped taking it, my skin cleared completely, I was no longer psychotic and I was actually happy! My periods are still horrible but I don&#039;t ever want to go back!! I&#039;m still looking for a new type of bcp but I&#039;m never going back to Alesse 28"
"This was absolutely horrid! I had the yeast infection  for one night before I got the monistat. That night I used betadine to relive the pain. It worked! The next morning I got the monistat, determined to get rid of this. Night 2: I inserted it and immediately the itching pain was ridiculous. 100 worse than the initial. I tried the cream and nothing helped  the burning was on the inside and the cream doesn&#039;t go there. I tried by best to lay on my back and take it but the pain was unbearable.After 15 min in I had begun to cry. I couldn&#039;t take it any longer I had to try and wash it out. I am so sore and the itching and burning are still there but the betadine is helping. Monistat was the WORST decision I have ever made."
"I was prescribed NeutraSal by my Rheumatologist.  I am able to get through the day without having a dry mouth which made it hard for me to enjoy eating."
"I had my first infusion of Remicade last week. I have been unbelievably sleepy for the last 4 days. I have read that this is a side effect but I am kind of surprised by the level of sleepy that I am experiencing. I hope that this is just me catching up on my sleep as I have not been sleeping well due to pain for sometime. I do like the infusion so much better than the self-injected Humira. I hated that needle and found myself putting off my injection for a couple of days or &quot;forgetting&quot; that I was supposed to get it. Hoping for good results with Remicade."
"I&#039;ve been taking Diovan 165mg/12.5mg daily for the last 5 years, since I was 56 yrs old and 200 pounds without any side effects on my case. Maybe some impotence now that I read other comments, but at 61 yrs it is normal for men to no longer be that sexually strong."
"I&#039;ve used this to help with the pain associated with cold sores and along with helping manage the pain it seems to speed up the healing time. I&#039;d recommend it!"
"I have been living with HIV for the last 13 years and currently been on Atripla for the last 18 days. I must say that it gave me very restless nights, insomnia. But the bright side is that it works perfectly if taken last in the night when about to go to bed. My question is, does this medicine also deposits fat from the hips to the waist? It&#039;s been working well as its one tablet a day. I thank God for giving me a second chance and praying that I will live to see the next 20 years."
"Second colonoscopy,  first time, I was given pills to take with lots of liquid. Suprep method   is harder, lots of water/ liquid to drink in a short time, that being said it started working within 10 min., wasn&#039;t expecting such fast results! TASTES TERRIBLE!  BUT Ice cold water to mix prep helps, I also had some warm chicken broth that I drank after finishing the prep solution, helps get that sickening sweet aftertaste out of your mouth  , the slice of lemon &amp; the straw also made ingesting this stuff bearable."
"I tried no less than 10 muscle relaxers for Fibromyalgia.  This one was the only one that did the trick and left me with zero side effects."
"Excellent cleared all symtoms in 24hours"
"I was prescribed gabapentin for tingling and numbness several months ago. I had been trying to stop drinking for years. With the reduction of cravings which was a side effect of the Gabapentin, plus AA I have been sober for 9 months."
"I&#039;m 34. I&#039;ve had psoriasis for about 10 years now. I have had enough. I started taking methotrexate for a month along with some topical solutions for scalp and spots on my forehead.  That worked great, but it wasn&#039;t something I wanted to be on long term. Otezla is the least harmful when it comes to side effects.  It does not require routine lab/blood work.  You&#039;re also not really supposed to drink alcohol when taking methotrexate.  I love that Otezla does not lower you immune system and the ability to fight off infections.  I&#039;ve been taking Otezla now for 2-3 weeks and my skin has remained clear other than a couple spots on my knees that are almost gone.  No real side effects. I will continue to take Otezla."
"Sure, it&#039;s not a pleasant experience, but when you see a &quot;horrible taste&quot; review, move on to the next, they&#039;re reality tv princesses with their best drama story and NO advice. Drink it standing. In 10 minutes it started for me and lasted 2 hours. Just try to relax on the toilet with a book or movie to help pass the time. Dab don&#039;t wipe. Fortunately I have very regular movements. If you don&#039;t, I suggest prep for the prep a few days ahead. Avoid &quot;clogging&quot; foods and take a laxative if you need - you don&#039;t want the bloat, cramps, headaches, etc. that others complain about. I over stressed because I got sucked in to those horror reviews. I realize it&#039;s different for every body, but it&#039;s not THAT bad. I thank those who posted genuine tips"
"Was originally on TriNessa and hated it; Tri made me extremely emotional and I started breaking out in cysts. Been on Zarah for a little over a month and all of my cysts are gone. My old acne scars are clearing up and my emotions are very stable now. Sarah&#039;s packaging is cute (as if that matters, lol) and it&#039;s super easy to use. Although everyone reacts differently, Zarah was perfect for me and I recommend it to everyone."
"I feel much calmer, my anxiety has gone and mood is stabilized. Also every night I get restful 10 hours sleep. I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I take 10 mg."
"Have been on Tysabri for 39 months. For me, it has been life changing. I have been on it all in the last 11 yrs and nothing has worked for me like Tysabri I also experience post treatment headaches and prescription MIDRIN works great for the headache pain."
"I took Nuvigil for a little over a year. It changed my life. I have had chronic fatigue for 13 years and the Nuvigil gave me the energy to live a normal life. I had a few side effects, but being awake was more important to me. Occasionally I would sleep lightly or stay up until 2 am. The more noticeable side effect was the fogginess. I would often forget what I was doing, why I walked into the other room and I couldn%u2019t get words out quick enough. I always had the %u201Cit%u2019s stuck at the tip of my tongue%u201D feeling when talking because I couldn%u2019t remember certain words. 
Overall, I was very satisfied with this medicine and it was effective. Once I lost my insurance I couldn%u2019t afford to take it anymore. $565 a month is a bit much."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about a month and I&#039;m really encouraged. I&#039;ve struggled with depression on and off now since I reached puberty (I&#039;m now 37).  My childhood was great and I could never figure out why I struggled with depression, low self-esteem, racing thoughts, etc.  I&#039;ve been to counseling at various times and tried therapy including CBT.  While these have been helpful to a degree, I never seemed to be able to shake the feeling of angst, gloomy thoughts, etc.  I know it is still very early but I really feel great. I don&#039;t seem to be having the depressing thoughts and my outlook is so much more positive.  For the first couple of weeks I experienced loose stools, mild hot flashes in the morning but they seem to have subsided as well."
"I have been on the Xulane patch for 3 months now. During the first month, I did experience some pregnancy side effects (AM nausea, food/smell sensitivity, painful breasts) especially on my patch change day. I believe it is normal as your body is getting used to the amount of hormones you are receiving. When it came time for my 4th week (off week) I did have a severe migraine that lasted up until I began my period, 2-3 days after removing the patch. It was so debilitating that I did consider discontinuing the patch. However, things returned to normal with my period and I did notice a lighter period that lasted only 3 days."
"I&#039;ve tried many birth controls in the past few years and after taking microgestin for about a year now I can definitely say it is one of the better brands I have used. After reading other reviews I am glad to know that I am not the only one who has experienced extremely light periods and dryness during intercourse. For me, my last period didn&#039;t even come. While some might see no periods as a dream come true, personally it can really worried me. Despite using the pill consistently, I ended up taking a pregnancy test to put my mind at ease, but going forward I might consider switching again just so I can get that little extra reassurance. However all other side effects on this medication have been very minimal for me!"
"My hands have been deteriorating rapidly, they&#039;d closed into a fist and could barely open them, was in pain every day that only huge doses of prednisone (not prescribed) helped. A few days after my first injection the pain was gone and my hands opened up again. I&#039;m hoping this continues to be the case."
"I&#039;ve been on these for many years not just for worn out knees and OA. I also have restless leg syndrome which they work in 15 minutes where all other RLS meds fail me. God bless cause if you have RLS you know how terrible it can be. They help me rest so I can make it to work the next day. A++"
"I love this once a day use and have been sick less since on this medicine. I love it, have not had to use my rescue inhaler as much and in 2 years only 2 ER visits and only a couple of attacks instead of weekly."
"I was on this medication via a pump for 31 weeks while being pregnant and it was the only medication that worked."
"I&#039;ve had nexaplon for officially a month now. The site where it was inserted has almost healed- very little bruising or discoloration. I&#039;m Black American with a mocha chocolate complexion, just to provide further details. My menstuation came a week late, I&#039;ve always had a regular cycle. I wasn&#039;t sure if it was going to come. I&#039;ve talked to my doctor who had that spotting for the first six months, which was good to know. At the time, my cycle had just ended so I wasn&#039;t sure if I would experience spotting or not. It&#039;s been almost five days since my period ended and I&#039;ve had very minimal spotting. So, so far so good!"
"Only side effect is that it works really fast so if you take too much you will feel tired. Find the right dose and this medicine will treat your anxiety and depression symptoms for a couple hours. It just works really well and fast. Another problem is tolerance if one takes it regularly, one will need to increase the dose and side effects increase. The less you take it, the better it works."
"I had an accident in April 2016. Riding lawnmower fell on top of me in a deep ditch. It knocked me out and caused severe lumbar spinal stenosis , pinched nerves .  Up until this year I was in a lot of pain due to the nerves being pinched by my spine. All this time I have seen 3 doctors, really 4, one neurologist, 2 neurosurgeons, internist. No one even suggested Lyrica for my pain...except the neurologist who did the nerve conduction study. He said it worked for restless leg syndrome which I also have. I go some Lyrica and tried it. It has brought me from 10 pain level to a 2 or 3. I get up early now like I used to, I have the will to do things on my property etc. I had lost the desire to even get out of bed, I wish I had tried Lyrica a lot sooner, it gave me my life back."
"Ambien has been a huge help to me. I have horrible hot flashes whenever I try to fall asleep and end up awake all night. When I take half an Ambien I am able to fall asleep and I do not feel tired or out of it the next day. I am so grateful for this medication. It&#039;s helped the quality of my life substantially. I&#039;ve never experienced the side effects others mention, I simply fall asleep."
"Been on Brintellix for 1 month as an add-on to my longtime SSRI, which had become much less effective in recent months. I felt better in 6 days after starting Brintellix: depression and anger lifted, I began to feel like doing this again. Every day is better and better."
"I have struggled with back pain for years sick of taking every pill for pain known to man as well as feeling like I couldn&#039;t get out of bed anymore I asked for cymbalta. I couldn&#039;t be happier I did, I realized the constant fatigue and well as heaviness was severe depression that lifted after a week (a week of side effect hell I might add). My pain is 80% gone and with two bulged disks and spinal arthritis everywhere I am so glad. After the 1-2 week a fog lifted and I could live again I am very thankful i continued with this med even after reading the horrible reviews and sticking with the side effects which were horrible as well. Within two weeks side effects were gone, three months later I can not be more pleased"
"I rate Nexplanon a 10/10 for birth control. I had it put in April 2016 and had it taken out October 2016 and never got pregnant....BUT I never knew when I was going to start my period and it gradually kept getting longer and was lasting 3 weeks so I had it taken out. I know it works differently for everyone. I was happy not to get pregnant but couldn&#039;t wait to get it out bc I couldn&#039;t control my periods with it in my body... plus it causes emotional changes and I cried all of the time.  It has been out for 6 weeks and I haven&#039;t had a period."
"I have used the patches for years after my first cruise without one. It is the ONLY thing that keeps motion or sea sickness at bay for me. My only complaint is the dry mouth while using it. My dry mouth goes way after about 24 hours."
"I&#039;ve been on Dalmane for 21 years now, and my insomnia started after I went through a divorce and had my house, job, then boom!! I couldn&#039;t sleep for 3 days! One of the docs I worked with prescribed flurazepam, and started with 15 mg, but it just didn&#039;t give me a full nights sleep I am on 30 mgs a night..no side effects, and thankful that there is an aid to help me sleep!!!"
"The product sample worked great. However, when I went to fill my prescription, even WITH insurance, the cost was $100 per bottle. You should be ASHAMED!!"
"So I am on day 2 out of 5. First day was awful, 20 mins after my first dose I started getting extremely itchy on my throat, neck, and face; my bottom lip flared up and I got really nauseous. I turned the fan on, drank a bunch of water and lied down.I was going to discontinue it but after  a good hour all my symptoms went down. I decided to try it again this morning and i&#039;m feeling fine! Still a little burning when I urinate but it is so much better now. Hoping this will work."
"This medication worked absolute wonders for me! After having tried several topical treatments on my adult acne, with little to no result it wasn&#039;t at all like teenage acne that I had experienced in high school. This acne came in my second year of university and lasted until my fourth and final year, which was when I decided to take action. I was prescribed minocycline. Although results will vary with EVERY person, my results were almost instantaneous! I took the pills the first day, went to bed. Took them the second day, went to bed... when I woke up I had almost NOTHING on my face. It was amazing and has stayed away. I was also lucky enough to not experience any side effects! It has been two years since, and the acne hasn&#039;t returned."
"A doctor once described this medicine to me as the &quot;cough syrup of champions.&quot; He wasn&#039;t joking. My cough is gone within 10 minutes of drinking this golden liquid miracle. The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a full 10 is because of the risk of addiction. It feels amazing- so amazing that you might be tempted to take a little more. Just be careful and take it EXACTLY as prescribed."
"I am 53 and have suffered migraines since high school. Nothing I could administer myself has ever worked even the tiniest bit. After going to my Dr for a Toradol shot he told me to try the Sumavel Dosepro injection. He told me it was far from painless. The injection feels like being stung by a bee, but is tolerable because you eventually get use to it. It is far better than laying in bed for three days in the dark and vomiting. It bruises and sometimes causes slight bleeding, but even with that and the injection pain...totally worth it. The first time I had an injection it took half an hour for relief, but now my headaches are gone in 5 minutes. It is a miracle drug for me. I love it. I pay $60 for a box of 6 and ins. pays $1,000."
"I have Lupus, arthritis and had most of my back crushed in a auto accident. Opana is the ONLY pain medication that has relieved a majority of my pain throughout the day. I take 40mg every 8 hours and I am able to walk around and do things I couldn&#039;t do before when I was on the patches and all the other drugs I tried. Opana is the best long term medication that keeps working without fail for me."
"I have been taking Cytomel to compliment Synthroid for 2 days and my life has already changed for the better!  I feel alive and my severe sweating and hot flashes have subsided - so far.  I am SO VERY happy now."
"Absolutely terrible birth control. I&#039;ve been on this for 4 months and had nothing but problems. Nonstop bleeding and vagina blood clots (6 in one day and largest the size of an egg). Horrible pain like my right ovary was going to blow up inside of me. My boobs have swollen so much (2 cup sizes) and hurt. Gained 15 pounds. Have cravings and bad mood swings. I feel like this has too many hormones or too much released. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT GETTING THIS. Constant problems and it&#039;s not worth it. I was on the Depo shot for 5 years and had no problems but the Nexplanon is TERRIBLE."
"TEARS of joy! OMG! Thank you all!! I started Tramadol after my back surgery, I begged my Dr. to get me off hydrocodone after 20 years, no more nonnarcotics, this was for personal reasons, I enjoy sitting in my chair every day watching TV, I THOUGHT I was as good as it gets!! I accepted life as that, but... all of a sudden, I found myself off the chair cleaning, doing things, happy, doing wonderful, not enough of pain control, I experimented with doses, after 3 months I made a mistake and ran out 5 days early, OMG! This is how I realized that the Tramadol is what made me a person again, and your comments made it SO! I am 58 yrs. woman, disabled, takes 100 mg Zoloft everyday, now I am alive!"
"Excellent medicine for me. I would not have been able to have been a teacher and business owner without its help. In 52 years I have had approximately 7 seizures because of this medicine. It will be off the market in a month and I hope the company who makes it reconsiders its decision, the other options for me are not that great."
"Lost 16 pounds in 4 weeks! Love this. Learning to change my way of thinking as it is related to food. People learn to eat healthy, get moving, and eat smaller portions of food. If you don&#039;t, the weight will return when you stop taking the pill."
"I have been taking this for almost 5years, and it has worked well for me, periods are normal and light, 3-4days, acne is not bad anymore. I like it."
"Before starting bupropion I was almost incapable of getting out of bed, I had lost all desire to do anything, and felt so hopeless. Over the course of a few months I started taking firth 150mg then 200mg and it has made such a significant difference. I have energy and am more motivated than I have been in so long. Taking bupropion has also helped me regain my libido, the loss of which was one of the most troubling symptoms of depression for me."
"I was prescribed this to help with my anxiety. It felt like I took Xanax and I could not stay awake. The next day it was hard waking and getting up. I definitely wont take this anymore lol."
"Diarrhea, uncontrollable muscle spasms, severe panic attacks, severe anxiety, severe restlessness, sweating, and bruising is all this medication did to me."
"Been taking Qsymia since June 1st 2016,  started at 304 pounds - down to 214 as of today 1/12/17. Kills off my appetite and cravings at night like nothing else I have ever used.  I have hardly exercised honestly and I know that&#039;s not suggested - it&#039;s really just helped me eat less. Which led me to eat healthier overall.  The cost is absurd but so worth it for these results,  my goal is to get down to 185, it&#039;s within sight - unbelievable!  I combined the Qsymia with using a fitbit and the lose it app to track my eating habits,  all combined has worked wonders for me. Good luck to everyone else out there."
"Within a few days of starting this medicine, I became very aware of my heart beat and my heart seemed to be racing.  I attended a pre-operative assessment where I was given a routine ECG and this confirmed that I had become tachycardic while taking amlodipine.  My pulse was racing at over 100 BPM and my blood pressure actually went UP while I was taking this medicine.  I had to discontinue use to stop the adverse effects."
"Prescribed for pain of a large ulcer on my foot, 10/325 x6 a day, it definitely provided relief until I recovered (2 months). Tapering and stopping was crummy but somewhat relieved by clonidine, neurontin and a short course of ativan. A potent pain med tho, definitely works!"
"Victoza is an amazing drug thank you. My insurance only covered trulicity it was garbage. At least for me,  my doctor gave me a 2 week trial the difference was day and night. On the first day Victoza bought my sugar from 169 to 125  second day 99. 3 day 98  it&#039;s a steady 90 I have been doing .6  not up to the 1.8 I will ask my doctor to see if a higher dosage is necessary. My doctor fought for me against my insurance (like they care) they gave me permission for one year. My diarrhea was mild and is subsiding no other symptoms I take my med at night and it stopped the morning spikes. Some people say headaches, maybe doing the night injections help,,, I don&#039;t get them This drug is a miracle thank you Denmark sad we Americans don&#039;t care"
"I have been taking Ambien for over 2 years now and other than doing things and not remembering about doing it later I love it. But it&#039;s not for everyone. My hubby can take it and be out for 2 days straight so be careful."
"Been on Klonopin for 3 years. Lifesaver, have panic attacks due to congenital heart defect. They label it chronic life long health condition always feeling panic that something drastic was going to happen. Klonopin gave me back my life. Take 0.5mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. Wonderful. Hope this helps. I&#039;ve tried it all."
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for a month. I see no difference in my appetite and I&#039;m having no side effects. I&#039;ve lost nothing. I am so sad!  I really need this to work."
"Soolantra is the best way of controlling outbursts of flare ups for my rosacea. I apply soolantra in the morning after I have my shower and less than 30 minutes after I have applied soolantra the redness has faded so much its fantastic. I have soolantra on my face for a maximum of an hour each morning before I start my usual skin care routine and apply my makeup. I have no confidence but it would now be possible to go make up free. The lumpy effect of rosacea is vertically none exsistant now and it is impossible to tell that I am a rosacea sufferer now with my make up on as no tell tale lumps to give the game away. I strongly recommend this product. I have tried many medications and home remedies and food avoidance nothing worked this good"
"I took 1(one) 25mg tablet. I haven&#039;t been sleeping well so thought I would try this. I did fall asleep within about 30 minutes. I awoke about 6 hours later and my room was literally spinning. I was so dizzy feeling I could barely get to the bathroom and then back to bed. I fell back to sleep quickly which for me is unusual. I slept for another 3-4 hours. When I awoke I was still quite dizzy feeling but not like when I had woke up previously. That was 5 days ago. I have had dizziness since I took that one  pill and have not taken any more. I must be extremely sensitive to this medication. I have also had some nausea this whole time."
"Without this medication I wouldn&#039;t still be doing my dream job of working with animals (a very tough job even for a healthy person). Before I was prescribed this I tried every single other medication there was without success!"
"I was skeptical. Read some reviews and they were so strong for or against. At first I did feel side effects. The first 3 weeks I thought there is no way I can take 4 a day. I listened to my body and waited an extra week to go up to full dose. The side effects of head ache and jittery had gone away by this point. I&#039;m 8 weeks in and I&#039;d say by week 5 I was feeling great! I&#039;m down 20lbs and less depressed. Food really doesn&#039;t matter "
"I was a smoker for forty years. At the age of 60 I made a second attempt with Chantix, only this time I was going to stay on it longer then prescribed. There were no side effect. Without a thought I started smoking less until my two pack a day habit was nearly non existent. Chantix  cured 90% of my addiction. The last 10% had to be my choice and that was 3 years ago. I&#039;m happy to be alive and smoke free."
"I started phentermine on February 13th. I started at 230lbs and now weigh 204lbs. This pill is a miracle for me. I&#039;ve had six children and the last was a c-section and at 28yrs old I just couldn&#039;t lose the weight. My goal is to get to 150lbs, what I weighed before all the children. A note to everyone the pill won&#039;t do it all by itself. At some point you will need to exercise and start watching what you eat. After the first day I&#039;ve had no side effects except for dry mouth."
"Works fast and is best thing that I have tried for my panic attacks"
"I experienced chest pains and false ECG reading due to TriCor. My symptoms of angina, joint and muscle aches, and fatigue ended when I ceased the Tricor. After an expensive Cardiac Stress Test, I was given a clean bill of cardiac health. "
"I personally had no issues with SuPrep. It did everything it was intended to do. Taste wasn&#039;t too bad. Like watered down cough syrup. My colonoscopy was at 6:30am Monday morning. I ate a big dinner Saturday around 5pm. On Sunday I ate nothing but a Jello breakfast. I did drink 2 glasses (18 oz) of chicken broth around noon. I also drank 2 16 oz bottles of water between 3:00 pm and 4:00pm. At 5:00pm I drank the first bottle of SuPrep. It started working about 10 minutes later. Just a couple minutes of leaving the bathroom I had to return. This happened a couple times. So I decided I had better just camp out in the bathroom. I highly recommend that one certainly doesn&#039;t wonder too far away from the bathroom after the SuPrep takes effect."
"Prescribed this drug to take twice a day for 7 days for bv. Noticed after day two the symptoms were subsiding. For the first 6 days I took it straight after lunch and dinner with a bottle of water. Had barely any side effects apart from on day 3 I woke up feeling nauseous and with a headache but nothing major at all. And on day 7 I forgot to take the drug after my dinner so ended up taking it 4 hours later, and noticed a slight tummy ache. Overall I would definitely recommend this drug for BV"
"Works great for anxiety. I will take 0.5mg if I am feeling a panic attack brewing, for prevention. Full on panic attacks/anxiety I take 2mg and am fine within 20 minutes. Will take 1-2mg before confronting a trigger (i.e long car rides). I take them ONLY when I feel I NEED them. "
"I&#039;ve suffered from depression spells, and mood disorders, but have had CHRONIC anxiety/panic attacks my whole life. I&#039;ve taken a benzodiazepine for countless years, which worked well for some of these things but not all. Over the years I tried many different supplement meds typically prescribed for these issues, but none worked or they had horrible side effects on me. So my doctor suggested Tramadol--I asked how this could even work (a pain medicine)? He explained its an off-label use of the medication but has found it very successful in other similar psychiatric patients and how he researched and explained how it chemically works in the brain (which I didn&#039;t really understand)...but IT WORKS AMAZINGLY! I finally live a NORMAL and HAPPY life!"
"I have lost 8 pounds in 1 week! I went from 212-204! I couldnt be happier!"
"I have suffered with depression and anxiety for most of my life. One of my best friends convinced me to talk with my doctor about an antidepressant. I tried several different medications. Finally, I was prescribed Wellbutrin 100 mg., which worked pretty well for several years. However, it stopped working so my doctor increased the dosage to 150 mg. Bad idea. I had a seizure and was hospitalized for two days. After this experience, I decided to not take anything. Another bad idea. The depression got so bad, I could hardly function. I went to a new doctor and he prescribed me Lexapro. What a miracle drug. It took sometime to get use to the medicine but once my body adjusted, I started feeling great. I don&#039;t recall ever feeling so happy as now"
"I agree, the awful side effects only happen when you deviate from the low-fat, reduced calorie diet. I have tried so many things and this is really the only thing that has worked for me. I have been taking it for a month now and have lost 6 pounds! In the past, I was only able to lose about half a pound a week on low calorie diets (fasting, intermittent fasting, Whole 30, weight watchers, etc). I have not had any accidents because I am afraid to eat anything that might make the side effects occur. It is such a great deterrent for me and it is working! I plan to take it until I lose another 30 pounds."
"I am over 40 with adult acne for years. I had it under control with epidue for years but something hormonal happened and I had a severe break out and it was bad. My dermatologist started me solodyn 105mg. It worked immediately. My acne cleared up and my face was smooth again. But my only side affect is I have gotten really dark, I haven&#039;t read anyone complaints about getting dark so I would  like some responses to my post. I don&#039;t know if its because I am a black woman.  But after reading some of the posts I will start taking a lesser dose to see if that helps."
"45 yrs old and had acne my whole life, tried everything under the sun, including Accutane 11 yrs ago. This medication has done wonders for my skin over the past 8 months. It&#039;s truly a great product but it does cost $200 a tube with 15% off! I feel it&#039;s worth every penny."
"This was given to me as an IV and I felt restless and anxious. I had hallucinations and unbelievable depression and emotional pain. I thought I went crazy and had suicidal thoughts. I was depressed for a month after that. I couldn&#039;t tell you if it worked because I was too busy arguing with myself on whether I was crazy. I am one of those people who never thought suicide was an answer to anything, but this medicine made me believe it was the only answer. "
"I was on the patch for six months, maybe a little more and it worked fantastic for me! It regulated my menstruation, so I knew it would come every Sunday. If I took off the patch on a Friday. I never had to worry about getting it in school, or at any random moment. Not only that but it enlarged my breasts, not too much but enough to boost my confidence. Sadly I had to switch to the pills, which reduced the size of my breasts and because the summer was here and I kept the patch on my buttocks, it&#039;s not a good look with your bikini. I have even tried the Nuvaring, and after a whole night of constant urination, I took it off and I&#039;m going back to the patch. My doctor has told me the patch is 50/50 safe."
"It takes a while for it to kick in, but when it does i feel nothing anymore and i can have a great day instead of sitting home with pain, and it works very long"
"I took it as instructed, drank even more water than prescribed and it did not work well.  Nothing happened after 1st packet and had some BM after second, but it did not clean me out enough according to my dr.  Loved the taste and small amount to drink."
"Took the pill every six hours for two weeks after shoulder surgery to deal with the immense pain. It worked! Then I stopped one day. Big mistake. The withdrawal took a week and I felt like going to the ER. No one told me to taper off. The pain became unbearable again especially after physical therapy and now I only take one an hour before PT. Bottom line, it works but is a narcotic so addiction CAN happen and withdrawal must be executed carefully."
"I&#039;ve been on the mirena this time for about a month now and have been having brownish discharge no cramps or periods just brownish discharge everyday. Has anyone else experienced this? Other than the brownish discharge this is the best birth control and I would recommend it to anyone."
"Ahhhh, the dreaded drug...no matter what you call it, by whatever media-scare tactic out there, what isn&#039;t trumpeted are the success stories....why is that?  Does something have to be &quot;Negative&quot; to garner press?  And if so, why is that?

My story:  Two brain surgeries.  Manmouth amounts of pain.  I tried everything -- nothing lasted like this drug.  It has allowed me to go back to work, to live my life, to be a father to my children.  Screw the strange looks @the pharmacy...I&#039;m alive!"
"I have major depression with psychotic features. Or at least that&#039;s what they say.  Antidepressants never worked for me and had awful side effects.  Antipsychotics worked better, but the older ones made me too sleepy, Abilify gave me ADD-like symptoms.  Latuda was pretty good, no cognition-affecting side effects, but it did sometimes give me bouts of annoying nausea.  I heard Vraylar was good at improving the negative symptoms of schizophrenia, which were very similar to the effects of depression in me, so I wondered if Vraylar would work for me too.   

I&#039;ve been on it for about a month now, just titrated up from 1.5 to 3 mg.  I feel &quot;brighter.&quot; More animated, more social.  No side effects for me at all.  I like it."
"This pill is amazing. i just recently had nose surgury for the 3rd time due to breaking it playing football/boxing this time they had to go in and move the cartlige and befor they had me on Oxycodon and it helped out but now that they put me on percocet it has extremly been usefull. Its relived all my pain, helps me sleep and the side effects are not that bad."
"Crestor brought down my cholesterol, however, I&#039;ve experienced insomnia, leg cramps and, last night, the worst nightmare of my life which woke me at 2:30 a.m. and I never could go back to sleep. I&#039;m not taking any more."
"Takes about 45 minutes to an hour for the effects to set in. Works significantly better when taking the tramadol with an over the counter pain reliever like Advil or Aleve. Do not take on an empty stomach, as it can cause nausea."
"Took it twice like I was supposed to in the morning And at night and my head feel I was drunk kinda like I kept get dizzy and feeling weird I don&#039;t know but I still don&#039;t feel right I feel like puking and being sick I want to the doctor and got amoxicillin instead and I don&#039;t feel any better and I have a zoo trip tomorrow and it made me feel awful and even worse. I still feel kinds drunk and dizzy and like I may pass out and like I&#039;m scared to fall asleep because i may die"
"I&#039;ve had extreme hair loss. To the point of where I&#039;m crying with this medicine, weight gain, and my face has broken out like it has never in my life. Over this and will never be taking again!"
"Late September of 2014 I began to get hormonal cystic acne around my mouth, cheeks and chin. I tried a lot of different methods before finally reaching the end of my desperation. I went to the dermatologist and he prescribed me bactrim. I have seen nothing but great results--better than I could have hoped for. I had read plenty of reviews about bactrim and read that many people started to see results within 3 months of use. I too saw major results within that time frame. Patience is the key when taking bactrim but from my experiences with it, I promise it will be what you&#039;re acne prone skin has been dreaming of!"
"So I was 18 years old at the time with my boyfriend at the time it was last summer and we had sex we used condoms most of times but the one time we decided not he was going to cum but he pulled out but we were scared he had pre cum so he got me plan b. It was the worse side effects It made me so sick and it made my period so heavy it made me dizzy I was bleeding so much and I was so bloated it made my period come early also but I missed my period 2 months after that but I was beyond happy I got my period it worked for me I was beyond lucky it did. It may not work for everyone God has a plan for you Please be careful having sex especially if you are young I learned from my mistake"
"I am 26 years old and have suffered depression since I was a teenager. Over the years my depression has gotten worse - I was having &#039;breakdowns&#039; more frequently and for longer periods (at least twice a year, and I was out of action for a month or two at a time). I became extremely depressed at the beginning of this year and was suicidal. As a nurse, I am a terrible patient and refused to be admitted. With some negotiation with my GP, I was put on Pristiq 150mg and Mirtazepine 30mg daily. It has taken a few months but I am finally feeling like &#039;me&#039; again. I can honestly say I have had zero side effects with Pristiq. Without the aid of this medication I can honestly say I don&#039;t think I&#039;d be here today."
"I  was experiencing severe back pain, in which I was barely able to turn my head to the right or the left. I did an extensive research and found out that the probable cause was my prostate.  I consulted with my Doctor who confirmed that it was my prostate.  I asked my Doctor to explain the connection between my back and neck pain, but she got irritated.  She prescribed Flomax, which has been a nightmare for me.  After taking the Flomax I was able to pee more freely, which has been a problem for me.  Now I cannot hold my urine for long when I want to pee. Secondly, I do have a dry orgasm.    did some research and found out that Flomax will do this.  It is irreversible. Based on reviews here, it confirms my fears."
"I have taken the drug for about 6 years with positive results for seizures.  The seizures have subsided to about 1-2 partial complex seizures per month.  I do go through periods of depression, especially when the prescibed amount is changed.  I&#039;m currently taking 1200 mg in the AM and 1500 mg PM.  It&#039;s probably the best seizure medication I&#039;ve taken to date, and I&#039;ve been on almost all of them at some point in my life over the past 30 years or so."
"My Doctor put me one 100 mgs once in the morning and I could tell a huge difference in the way I felt, for the first time I felt like I could breathe, I could see colors again, the tree&#039;s, the flower&#039;s everything changed from grey to vivid brightness, however this effect was not immediate. I was taking 120 mg&#039;s of Cymbalta, 2 60 mg caps. a day, when this was the medicine I was one for years, I fought a good fight with doctor&#039;s over years and years. They were telling me I was Bi-Polor and I believed them. It took one great doctor 15 minutes to change my life. I have been on Pristiq 100 mg&#039;s for going on 3 years know and I love life again, I can&#039;t wait to wake up early in the morning and watch the sunrise and I found out that I wasn&#039;t bipolor"
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for 6 years and it has worked wonders! I&#039;ve never spotted, my cramps are milder then before I took it, I rarely have a blemish, never gained weight and for the past 2 years I&#039;ve personally been having sex without a condom and never had a pregnancy scare (I don&#039;t know if it will be the same for everyone so use a condom!). Overall I suggest this pill to many of my close friends because my sex drive is still high and they see how I&#039;ve never had a mood swing, or bloated."
"I have had a persistent cough now for two weeks that wakes me up 8 times at night. This is the second time that I have had this cough medicine prescribed to me. It is by far the best Cough medicine that I have ever taken."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for over a year and I have literally had all the side effects that are listed. I&#039;ve felt so depressed and moody ever since taking this pill and I never use to be like that. I strongly recommend to not take this med if you typically feel nauseous a lot or if you have terrible periods like me. I have gained about 15 pounds from this med and I always feel bloated. Switching to something different tomorrow."
"I have had to come off Fluoxetine due to severe pains in my back , hips and legs. It&#039;s been 4 weeks and still getting the pain.   So worried I&#039;ve damaged myself for good.  Don&#039;t know what to do ! Doctor has put me on Naproxen for the pain, but how long do I take this for!? , has anyone else experienced this? Every time I come off naproxen I get the pain straight back again. Making me so unhappy."
"I only suffer from RLS at night. I took carpidopa levodopa for about 1 year and then it was no longer enough. My Dr told me to try Requip. I took one pill and had the worst headache ever even the next morning and my jaw and teeth hurt horribly. I read reviews on Mirapex and ask my Dr if I could try it. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months with no side effects and can rest all night with zero movement. Before, my husband said I would run all night in bed.  Mirapex is a wonderful drug for RLS. I&#039;m so thankful I discovered it!"
"I&#039;ve been taking it 0.5 mg before sleep for almost 3 months now and no epileptic seizures and I sleep well also , but sometimes I feel I would have a seizure so I take 1 mg instead of 0.5 because I only have seizures when I&#039;m sleeping,  I wish it stay working and I have no seizures till the end of my life because they are the most terrifying thing for me"
"I have been on Gilenya since February of this year. So far it is great. Some days my body pain is a bit more but not 100% sure its the medicine or just the MS. I am thrilled to get to take this so far..especially because its a pill and not a shot."
"I wanted to try this pill because I was diagnosed with Severe Anemia. I&#039;m trying to save my Hemoglobin not get rid of it. I didn&#039;t bleed for the first 3 weeks, now I can&#039;t stop bleeding... Huge clots, massive cramps, totally gross, and a continuous headache.  I can&#039;t sleep and I crave junk food all the time. I&#039;m almost done with my 3rd month and I bleed every day. Pregnancy is not an issue in my case, I&#039;m just trying another method in order not to have my period so much. Camrese fail!"
"I thought I had the flu. Long story short, too late to treat so I was sent home with cough meds. I was offered codeine but that stuff never worked for me so I asked if there was anything else. I had mentioned that I had allergies as well so he gave me this. I felt so much better within an hour of the first dose. No drowsiness for me but I don&#039;t get drowsy with Benadryl either so I wasn&#039;t expecting it."
"Under the supervision of a psychiatrist I ran the gambit of SSRIs   
from Prozac to Zoloft with only mild improvements. Cymbalta proved at 120mgs to be wonderful. My insurance was a buzzkill by limiting me to 60mgs but we tried Celexa as an adjunct with similar but not total benefit. Taken with breakfast the change within an hour is dramatic, and missing a dose or two is traumatic. My only anxiety now is God forbid I am ever to go without my Cymbalta. It helped me through 10 chemo sessions, especially with the resulting neuropathy. Perhaps it will fall to a tier 1 med and I can resume 120mgs... There is hope."
"Got the cocktail in the ER shortly after I felt  anxious  &amp; jittery, I just wanted to get IV out could not get comfortable got real tired. It wore off about 1 hour or so later but it was blah never again."
"Had an accident Jan. 11th I believe I was ovulateing because it was 3 days after my period took plan the very next day within the 24 hour time frame. Experienced nausea and very light to very bad cramps for about 2 weeks when I started to to have very light brownish discharge on the third week it lasted about 5 days at first Ibthought it was implantation bleeding because I never got what I consider a&quot; real period &quot; all I had was brown discharge. About 2 weeks later I have taken about 3 pregnancy all negative I think all the stress I was experienced just caused me to not have a normal period. The pill has worked for me but I wouldn&#039;t want to go through this again getting on some type of birth control soon."
"I read a lot of terrible reviews about LoLo before I started it and it scared me to death because this was my first experience with the pill. I think most people who have a bad experience want everyone to know and people who have good experience just assume that&#039;s how it should be, so they don&#039;t review. That being said, I have been on LoLo for 6 months and it has been amazing. I didn&#039;t have any weird side effects besides breast tenderness. I had weird bleeding all during my first month or two but now I don&#039;t have a period at all. I would definitely recommend."
"I had surgery to repair a torn labrum in my left hip as well as severe damage to my cartilage. It was an incredibly painful surgery and was prescribed the 10/325 hydrocodone (norco) for my pain. One tablet every 4-6 hours the first 2 weeks post op helped incredibly with the pain. I was given another prescription for the same thing for my PT (lasting 4-6 months post op). I no longer took them regularly, only before/after PT which could be incredibly painful. 1-2 tablets did the job, providing incredible relief from pretty severe pain. Only negative side effect I experienced was itching, particularly when I would take 2 tablets (20 mg). However, 2 tablets provided wonderful pain relief and also relaxed me mentally. Thumbs up."
"Started yesterday. IR 300mg 3x daily. 
Within thirty minutes, I&#039;m laughing with joy, unbelievable!

Cured.

Years of zyprexa, abilify, Celexa, depakote, Ativan, etc, and.. Wow.

I can finally admit it. I have bipolar disorder. 

Nothing else. Not anxiety. Calm. Quiet and calm head. No depression  or mania. I want to feel and look my best all the time.

And it only took a naturally occurring element, abundant in our universe.. To flip the switch.

Although there is no cure. Just how I feel."
"My step-son, who is 13 now, has been taken Aripiprazole 2 Mg for over a year now. We have noticed big positive changes - he is able to focus more and is a lot more talkative. He is doing very well in school. So far, he has not gained much weight, but I did notice that he basically doesn&#039;t have breaks when it comes to food. However, portioning out his food is definitely worth the benefits of the medication."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 3 months and so far have had no negative side effects (with the exception of some fatigue)! My acne is clearing up, it&#039;s an effective contraceptive, and, to my surprise, I&#039;ve actually lost weight. Also, my periods are well regulated and much shorter. I switched from the Depo-Provera shot and have been so happy on this pill since."
"I&rsquo;ve only gone through a pack and a half but this is much better than the Generess FE I was on a few years ago. The Gineress made me extremely nauseous all day long and gave me horrible acne after only one month which I never had before so even years later I was reluctant to start taking birth control again.

 The only major side effect I&rsquo;ve experienced was diarrhea every morning as soon as I woke up but that went away as soon as my body adjusted more to the hormones. I also have a very sensitive digestive system so diarrhea is very normal for me.

Already being overweight I was concerned about the potential for weight gain or it preventing me from loosing weight with diet and exercise but I&rsquo;ve actually lost weight."
"I have been using alprostadil 20mg. I find the single injection pack takes a lot longer to use and puts you off with changing needles etc. With the new dual chamber units with the screw tops so much quicker and easier."
"Dying right now from the itching and discomfort. Way worse then original symptoms. Just popped an Azo... I&#039;m so uncomfortable.. If you have a solution please help!"
"Okay. So I joined the military and they recommended this form of birth control to me because &quot;it was supposed to stop your period&quot; there were &quot; no side effects&quot; literally I bled for over a year and maybe 3 months of the entire year I would get a week break. Literally not even worth it. I would bleed so much, my mood swings were terrible, the depression was horrible and I would not recommend this to anyone. I&#039;m currently on skyla IUD and I find it Sooo much better. I did not get pregnant on this form of birth control mainly because I didn&#039;t even want to have sex. It kills your sex drive, makes you feel like you&#039;re going insane. 3 days after getting it removed is when I finally stopped bleeding and I felt like complete different person."
"Havent had even a mild depressive episode since and it worked right away. However, I have not been on it for a while as its a small sample size. Amazingly not really any significant side effects."
"I&#039;ve and toenail fungus for almost 15 years. I tried all the OTC and home remedies. I finally tried terbinafine daily for almost 3 months. I had an upset stomach and a metallic taste in my mouth but got used to it and it appeared to go away.
To my surprise my big toe nail became very shiny and clear but I still was skeptical. Almost two months went by and I noticed my smaller nails were pink. I couldn&#039;t believe it. I was so used to these ugly things that I guess I never really looked at them. The two smallest nails I&#039;m still not sure if they&#039;ll come in so I didn&#039;t give the rating a 10. I&#039;m going to go a few more months to make sure. We&#039;ll see but I have hope."
"I have suffered for many years with AS and Degenerative Disc disease. With all the NSAIDs, Methotrexate, and pain killers I developed ulcers in my esophagus, stomach and duodenum. Thankfully my Doctor decided to switch me to Morphine because it is easier on the system. Now I take 60 mg MS Contin twice a day and 4 to 6mg Dilaudid as needed for breakthrough pain. The plus is that the ulcers have all healed and although the pain is not totally gone it is very manageable. The minus is that I have had to gradually increase my dosage over the years because your body learns to tolerate it. Adjusting to a new dose can take a little while and it causes constipation (Benifiber works great)."
"This completely broke me out in fluid filled hives all over my heck, chest, shoulders, back, etc. I assume I am allergic to one of the hormones in it. As soon as I stopped taking it, the acne and hives went away. As for a time frame, I took it for 3 days when the acne started. Stopped after a month. Took another month for the acne to completely go away. This could just be me, because I tried the IUD next and was the 1% of women that it didn&#039;t work for - my body expelled it and wouldn&#039;t allow it to stay in place. However, I would not recommend this pill to a friend."
"I have been on many medications but have felt indifferent about them as I never really saw my symptoms improving or worsening. I just always felt horrible and accepted that this was my life with chronic illness! I feel so strongly about how wonderful Humira is that I had to write my first review. Humira changed my life in less than two months. I am an active student athlete and have never felt healthier than I do now! I recommend it to anyone and everyone who suffers. I know people respond differently to meds but as much as it has helped me, I think it is more than worth a try. I ended up on Humira because my insurance would not cover Remicaid or Cimzia. I am SO glad it worked out the way it did."
"First time taking Estaryella and it is not good. I started taking birth control to help with my cramping I get in my thighs only, I&#039;m not sexually active, no kids.  First day of taking the pill yesterday,  it helped my mood swing&#039;s but brought on the cramping and made it worse. Very intense pain. Will probably go to doctor to switch if it doesn&#039;t get better. Worst 1st time birth control using experience."
"I used to struggle in the washroom. And was scared when I know I had a bowel movement. I would cry because I was scared it would hurt. Everyone suggested me to try Dulcolax because of the amount of pain I go through. I used the suppository. At first after buying it I was hesitant because I didn&#039;t want it not to work and be in pain again. But it worked pretty well. I would recommend this to anyone who is struggling. Trust me I felt like I fought a war every time I went to the washroom. And this time it didn&#039;t."
"I started the medication 7/21.  I had to change taking at night time as I was so tired &amp; nauseous. I&#039;m so disappointed as I&#039;m the only one who is not losing weight.  5&#039;2&quot; 222lb. I have all the side affects of the medication (nauseous, tired, slight headache(gone now) &amp; no appetite). Overall I eat pretty healthy &amp; not a lot, so I don&#039;t understand why no weight loss (I&#039;m eating even less now). I am female, 54, so menopause &amp; thyroid issues are not helping, but I was so hopeful. Anyone else not have success?? Medication is pricey &amp; side affects for not working..... I go up to the 3.0 dose Friday... still hoping."
"i am using victoza about 6 weeks and its a magic medicine, i am taking .6 every morning and my appetite is under control, i am really watching my diet and healthy controlled portions helped me to loose 14Kg in 6 weeks.. facing the side effects Nausea, dizziness,but it worth facing it because i am really fed up of my wight problem, i don&#039;t have to use Insulin injection any more.. and my sugar levels are between 115 - 140 fasting and 160-190 after meal.. I will continue with Victoza..."
"I was prescribed this after a nervous breakdown while an inpatient at the hospital. I have zero side effects, well perhaps I&#039;m a bit more &quot;flighty&quot;. It does not numb me like other meds have done in the past. I feel like I&#039;m living my life again and enjoying my loved ones. I&#039;m on 20 mg I hope the doctor will increase to 30 because I feel near the finish line but not 100% there yet."
"I got the implanon put in August 2012 at my 6 week postpartum check. It does what is says help prevent pregnancy. My only complaint is the weight gain that I&#039;ve had and to trouble it is to lose it. While on the implanon my periods were irregular But light. I&#039;m getting the Nexplanon hopefully in a few weeks see how it goes."
"Have been on Gilenya just shy of 2 years with no relapses. My last MRI showed no new lesions, no active lesions, and some lesions decreasing in size. I love this medicine in that it allows me to be in denial about my MS. Prior to starting Gilenya, I was on Copaxone for 3 years, which was less effective, and during that time I experienced 5-6 immediate post-injection reactions that were scary and exhausting. My neurologist told me that Gilenya will change the way we think about MS. I&#039;m looking forward to long term data on Gilenya&#039;s effectiveness, and enjoying life in spite of my diagnosis. This medicine works for me."
"I was on Alysena for PMDD and one month the pharmacy gave me Alesse instead. I don&#039;t know why, but I felt worse and it was immediate. Technically they are the same, but I can say that for me, I felt very paranoid and anxious. No thanks.

But please know that Alysena cured my PMDD. I was almost at the end of my rope when I started it, and then the emotional symptoms I%u2019d had for years disappeared. My particular hormonal imbalance was completely righted by this medication. I really hope other women out there who are suffering will consider it and get some relief."
"After reading all of the horrific side effects (hair loss being the big one for me) I decided to look up the rate of this side effect. The answer? 2%
Take all the bad reviews with a grain of salt, knowing it&#039;s typically what drives a person to write a review in the first place. Onto the details

I&#039;m taking Topirimate 75mg for migraines (occipital neuralgia). I was instructed by my doctor to take my medication in the evening, that was a majority of the &quot;foggy&quot; feeling will be while I&#039;m sleeping. I do notice I begin to start getting a little disoriented, but that&#039;s completely gone by morning. I stopped drinking since the risk of kidney stone is (slightly) higher. I make sure to drink more water, and Gatorade occasionally."
"I just wanted to say that i have been on Lunesta over 2 years.  Works like a charm, exactly as advertised.  For me anyways.  As far as the taste goes, no longer bothersome for me.  Someone told me ginger works great for taking the taste away, give it a whirl if that is all you hate about it.  I love it, saved my life."
"It took my gynecologist nearly forty minutes to place the liletta. I am 21, no kids, and I have a narrower than average cervical opening. I think this is why it took so long for him to place it and why it was so painful for me. It was literally the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced. I was in tears the entire time. Today is only the second day I&#039;ve had it, and the light bleeding I had has been reduced to very slight brown spotting. The cramps are making it hard for me to want to keep the IUD though. Pre-IUD, on the first day of my period I&#039;d get cramps so horrible I&#039;d be nauseous and couldn&#039;t eat anything. Well, immediately after IUD insertion I started having similar severe cramps that have yet to go away and nothing has given me relief."
"I am on my third month on this medication. I started with 10 mg per day and now take 20. 
My copay is so high I will only be able to take this until I exhaust all means of samples given by Dr&#039;s. 
For the first time in a year I can say I feel pretty normal. I had to cut back to ten Mg for a couple of weeks and was crying almost daily. 
I have nausea, headaches and cravings for sweets. Have gained three pounds!"
"This pulled me right out of the zombie state the mood stabilizer   antidepressant combination had put me in. I still have swings, but they&#039;re not as deep or as long, and my mania is still stifled enough that it&#039;s productive rather than destructive."
"Started taking Saxenda on Friday, so only 3 days in so far. However, ever time I eat I feel ill. Now I am experience stomach pain. Not for sure if its built up gas, or constipation. I don&#039;t want to  be a Plus size is, so I guess I will loose weight."
"I honestly didn&#039;t realize that I was constipated because I would have a bowel motion once a day. I went into the GI for a different issue and when I left I was told I was actually, &quot;full of poop&quot; and that is why I was having the initial issue. Since being on the medication I do not feel bloated or achy anymore, something I hadn&#039;t really paid attention to, to begin with. But, with this medication I actually GO to the bathroom like I should. 
I workout everyday - running, cardio, weight training... and this has made it a little difficult for that. Just because I like to work out in the morning and that is actually the worst part of the day for me with this medication.
I will continue taking this just because it makes me feel so much better!"
"Today is day 9 on Contrave. On day 1 I felt a reduction of my carb cravings and have been able to make better choices food-wise 99% of the time since then. I am after knee surgery so am unable to do any exercise but began 177.8 and today I was 173: a 4.8 pound loss in just over a week -- pretty amazing.

IMPORTANT: Contrave blocks ALL narcotics: no pain-killer or muscle relaxant CAN work -- valium, morphine, delaudid  etc. This was a scary side-effect when I wound up in the emergency room, so just be aware. I was on day 2 when that happened and had to stop and start again post-surgery/pain killers.

Slight nausea after pill 2 yesterday (day 8), otherwise really vivid dreams, a bit of sleep disturbance but no other side effects."
"They work well enough to calm down  spasm  to where I can be mobilized.. Walk, bend, play with my family... And take care of them as well.."
"I&#039;ve been taking Topamax for over 3 years and the only side effect I experienced was an initial weight loss of about 15lbs. If there was any cognitive difficulty, memory loss, difficulty remembering words, etc., I didn&#039;t notice, as it was worse when I was experiencing a migraine. Before taking Topamax I would have a headache for months, with no relief. After I started taking Topamax the migraines were down to 3 month. My Dr. started me on a dose of 25mg, 2 X day and titrated me to 100mg 2 X day. Unfortunately, the Topamax no longer seems to be effective and on my next visit I will ask my Dr. to either increase the dosage or to prescribe a different medicine. Also, I have to agree with another post I saw, I am always freezing!"
"I had been taking Requip 2 mg. ER for about 3 years. The effects were inconsistent and I was forced to supplement with 1 mg tablet before bed and when I flew or traveled by car.  I consulted with the sleep clinic which is certified for restless leg treatment. I was prescribed Horizant 600 mg 1/day and instructed to wean myself from the Requip, .5 mg 3x/day for three days, then two a day for three days then one a day for three days. The first night of Horizant and the reduced Requip was a nightmare of involuntary leg and arm movement, my entire body twisting and turning. However, remainder of my Requip withdrawal and taking the Horizant was a beautiful experience.  I slept better than I have in years. My sciatica pain also went away!"
"I drank all kinds of medications like Trileptal, Lamictal now I am on 3000 Keppra and still had seizures, but my doctor said don&#039;t do surgery I will give you Vimpat. 10% out 100 people took this and it helped. He was right I still had episodes even with 200mg Vimpat but it simply went away for about 6 months now. It does give you loss of hair and feeling depressed but also an important thing to do is watch what you eat. "
"I started Mekena at week 16 after my Dr recommended it d/t my history of pre term labor at 33 and 35 weeks where my water would break for unknown reasons. I am a healthy woman I do not drink or smoke. I took this injection for 19 weeks and experienced headaches and pain/bruising/itching at the injection site. I made it to 34 weeks and my water broke in the morning while I was getting ready for work. 19 weeks of dealing with this pain and not to mention the hefty price tag and my baby is still in the NICU. MEKENA DID NOT WORK FOR ME!!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for a year at 20mg and am so happy I chose to do so.  I was so down; couldn&#039;t sleep, not present in the moment, constantly worrying, etc.  I was very skeptical of any SSRI and prefer to go &quot;natural&quot; so I resisted.  Over a year later I feel like I have a new lif, a better future, am a better employee, spouse, parent, etc.   

I suggest using an &quot;all the above&quot; approach as part of a strategy to combat depression.  Involve a good counselor who has similar values, exercise, eat well, rest, be around supportive people, do something spiritual consistently.  I did this and my world changed for the better.  I hope it is sustainable."
"This medicine is everything. I take this and within an hour I&#039;m in the bathroom. Once I take the pill I drink a whole bottle of water and it helps a whole lot better.  Usually go 2-3 times when I take the medicine. This medicine has saved my life."
"I took 2 at bed time and slept once I woke up I had to use the bathroom which is a good thing. I love it"
"but makes me feel dizzy."
"I take this pill for back pain. I have bulging and degenerative disks, I am 30 yo female. I have been on this medication for about 5 years or so give or take a few months and it works great. When I have the medication in my system I feel no pain what so ever, however, I must warn new patients who are just starting this medication. Try not to up the dose to much because the withdraw is horrible. When you are running low and you know you can&#039;t get none right away its best too ween yourself off as much as possible. "
"No more! Everything upsets me on this Med! Always irate , temperamental. DRY MOUTH so bad - had 4 teeth pulled . Cry cry cry . I&#039;m so angry &quot;&quot; doc &quot; never  listened / shame on you all of you , it&#039;s my body &amp; you ruined it forever!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ED following very high blood pressure and just too much work/stress.  Early days on Cialis but so far very promising with no apparent side effects, just able to perform properly again - a great relief! 1 x 5mg per day, 54, 110kgs, reasonable shape."
"It&#039;s a life saver for me.  Chronic sinus problem that occurs twice a year.  Slight stomach issues after initial dose.  Knocks out brain fog.  Had the best night sleep in months.  Always take with food, and you will have no issues.  Made me feel 90% better 24 hours after initial dosage.  Use with Flonase to open passages to help get it all.  Only thing that works for my sinus problems."
"I went to the doctor because I was having anxiety/stress issues. I was getting along with any of my co-workers, I was crying at work for no reason, and I just wasn&#039;t myself. I had never taken any prescription medicine before Zoloft. My doctor said she thought I had anxiety, and maybe depression. I was prescribed 50mg Zoloft to start for a few weeks. I was supposed to move up to 100mg, but the 50mg are doing just fine. I have been on Zoloft for about three months now, and I do no have any side effects, nor did I when I first started. I was also prescribed Xanax as needed, but I haven&#039;t even had to take any since I started the Zoloft."
"I have been on Lamictal for hmm... ~5 months now. I feel it has seriously been one of the most helpful things in my life. I feel very present to the moment, mostly calm, and overall.. content. It basically just improves my personality. Some side effects though. Terrible memory. Seriously. My perception of time is all out of whack too. I said I have been taking it for only 5 months but that is so hard to believe! It feels like I&#039;ve on it for at least a year. Oh well. I still like it because lifestyle doesn&#039;t require a sharp memory. If your lifestyle does require sharpness I advise against taking this."
"This is the only medication that works for me!"
"Dilaudid has been the only medicine that would alleviate the extreme pain when passing kidney stones. I have been through it 5 times and doctors have prescribed several different things and nothing worked except for Dilaudid. It never made me feel stoned or euphoric and I was able to function normally without pain."
"Topamax worked great to prevent migraines, however the side effects that I experienced were not worth the prevention. I experienced numbness and tingling in my extremities, severe problems with word retrieval, a complete inability to focus or concentrate, anxiety, agitation, severe mood issues (I became very angry and upset at the smallest of things). But what finally did me in was severe epigastric pain, nausea, dizziness and disorientation that came about suddenly and was persistent until I titrated myself off the medication after a visit to the urgent care. As soon as I got off Topamax, the migraines were back every day and I question which was worse - the migraines or the side effects. "
"My experience with Ativan (lorazepam) has been one I&#039;ve come to love and set the bar high when it comes to sleep. I developed insomnia as a result of having to take opioid medication for my CRPS/RSD in addition of the fact that I&#039;m slowly recovering from the death of my best friend who passed in 2010. I have been on every insomnia medicine there is. My current regimen of the normal opiate and muscle relaxants, one to 1.5 grams of Keppra, 555mg valerian root, 10mg of melatonin, 25mg of amitriptyline, and adding up to 4mg of Ativan, depending on the next day&#039;s tasks. Works like a charm every night. "
"51 year old female 5&quot;2 207 and pretty unhealthy. Last resort as I have tried a bunch of options except for surgery. Now the good bad and ugly I lost 56 pounds better blood work. Bad a little tired at first . Overall a great experience."
"My son is on Vyvanse, now so am I. First, my head is clear for the first time ever. No 90 mile an hour uncontrollable though, no wondering ideas, no day dreaming. I don&#039;t feel drugged. In fact, I feel drugged when I&#039;m not on medicines now. I didn&#039;t know what it was like to be &quot;normal&quot; prior to this medicine. The only issue I have is the stomach problems. Some slight stomach pain and bowel issues. I also stopped drinking caffeine and have adjusted my diet to be more well balanced. It&#039;s helped a lot. If you&#039;re new to Vyvanse, don&#039;t drink caffeine! Water only, and adjust your diet for high protein in the morning, it&#039;s a must.  Change your diet and quick."
"I was 2 days into a horrible outer ear infection (swimmer&#039;s ear).  Tylenol and ibuprofen did nothing for pain.  My friend said to check with doctor about getting numbing drops.  It fills the ear and feels funny since ear feels full anyhow but does help with the knife in the ear feeling pain and throbbing."
"Using 40 mg every AM &amp; 20-40 mg as needed for at five years, it&rsquo;s my saving grace in most everyday situations that can cause panic or anxiety. I used benzos for 15+ years with a strong dependency, I honestly thought I&rsquo;d never get off them, until Propranolol. One dose in the morning carries me through to lunch, and only if needed do I take more. The ER version lowered my pulse below 55, even at the lowest dose, and honestly it didn&rsquo;t work half as well. Maybe it&rsquo;s mind over matter but I start to feel relief from panic or anxiety within 15 minutes and I&rsquo;m fine within a half hour at most. My advice to everyone-less is more, if you dose daily try a larger dose in the morning &amp; half doses as needed, too much and you&rsquo;ll be drowsy"
"I have been on fluoxetine for 20 years now. This drug has done wonders for me - a life saver.

I tried to come off it once against the doctors advice - silly me!"
"I was born with high blood pressure and a slight arrhythmia. I&#039;ve been taking atenolol since I was a kid, as soon as it was medically safe for a kid to be on a beta blocker, so I&#039;ve been on it for about twenty years now. It works great for me. Might make me a bit drowsy, but I take it at bedtime for that reason.
Docs tried to take me off of it once because they worried about an interaction with albuterol for my asthma. Worst mistake of my life and I made them put me back on it. 
For those worried about the above interaction between atenolol and albuterol, I did some research using scholarly articles and medical journals. Atenolol is a selective beta inhibitor and doesn&#039;t affect the same betas that albuterol increases. They&#039;re okay together."
"I have had chronic pancreatitis for 6 years and have to be careful about taking pain medicines because I&#039;m a recovering alcoholic. In fact have to be careful about taking anything at all. But I was living in pain regularly and needed something for the chronic abdominal pain and the medicines given were a slippery slope for me. I was referred to a pain clinic where they set me up with Avinza. It has been a true blessing! I have no euphoria, drugged feeling, cravings or any problems or side effects with Avinza. It takes care of the pain for the full 24 hours, and I do have Percocet as needed for breakthrough. I have been on the regimen for several years now and have not had to increase the dose. It has given me my quality of life back."
"I am 22 and have suffered from migraines since I was 11. I finally got a primary doctor who would actually listen to me, I was prescribed this medication. The first night I took it I felt nothing so I figured no side effects. The next day I still was in pain and took my medication that night I had a very severe reaction to it and was taken to the ER... I felt like I had a million bugs crawling through my skin and I couldn&#039;t see clearly. I have friends who this has worked for but for me it did not"
"I have been using duac $33, as my topical ointment along with doxycilyn $10, for 5 days now. I have suffered from cystic acne for 17 years. I am so so happy with my results so far. I woke up this morning with still a few blemishes left, but all my redness has gone, the &#039;under skin bumps&#039; are all gone, and my skin finally, does not hurt! I have had no side effects as yet. I am having the doxy pill in the morning and using duac at night after my nightly shower. My beauty routine is advance natural cleanser and Dr. Spiller toner and moisturizer. The moisturizer is oil based so it is really hydrating which is counteracting the dryness from duac. Please, do it! Try it! I am so happy. And its cheap."
"I love this. I had a really bad strep throat and I tried everything I can so one day after I came back from a Cody Simpson signing (I couldn&#039;t miss that!) me and my mom walked to a doctor and he suggested Biaxin and after 1 dose I was feeling so much better it&#039;s been 4 days and I&#039;m all better and I haven&#039;t had any side effects! The only sad thing that happens while I was taking this was a day after I got it I had to miss a Justin Bieber concert with my friend (she went) because my parents didn&#039;t know if the side effects would affect me."
"I have been on medication for over 20 years to help with my mood and anxiety.  Some I stayed on for a few years and then I would change.  Some even less because of side effects.  I went on Sarafem after doing my own research and asked the Dr to prescribe it 2 months ago.  Thank goodness he did because this is the first time in as far back as I can remember that I actually feel happy every day.  Less mood swings.  I don%u2019t let things bother me as much as I did before.  I am honestly a happier person now.  This stuff honestly has changed my life."
"Bought today read entire box and decided to look up reviews. Gees, I read so many horror stories about this product. Scared me so bad I spent an hour looking at reviews and reading box about 5x. Twice I threw it back in the bag saying I&#039;m getting a refund. But my curiosity got the best of me! I took Oval out and put in applicator. I then rubbed it on outer vagina to see if I felt any tingle or burn. Good good so I&#039;m like ok go for it. I layed on my restroom floor and insert it pushing all way up as instructed until I could go no further. I literally felt the stopping point. Released and pulled out. I called my mom asking her stay on phone with me for 30 min waiting for the worst. Guess I&#039;m lucky one - no problems"
"My Doctor switched me to Hysingla 40mg from norcos 10/325 , and I&#039;m in so much pain. I don&#039;t want to have to take anything, but I don&#039;t have a choice because of chronic pain. But I want to go back to Norcos. they work better!!"
"I have had AWFUL headaches, SEVERE mood swings, spotting every two weeks off and on, and HORRIBLE cystic acne. I&#039;ve really had many acne problems and within a few weeks of taking this birth control, I had huge cysts of acne (two on my face and one on my chest). In case, you don&#039;t know cystic acne is basically a huge over sized painful pimple that can take up to 6 MONTHS to go away. Only 1 on my face has just recently gone down. I&#039;m sick and nauseated all of the time and since I spot every now and then..I couldn&#039;t tell if I missed a period or not! "
"Hi. This did not work for me. I was fertile but not ovulating as I thought so. My partner had done his business inside. So the next morning I took plan b within 18 hours. I waited for my period, thought i was stressed and delayed my period. Then after 6 weeks I got a pregnancy test and it was positive. I am 40 years old and this was my first pregnancy. However I chose to not go through with it. Please don&#039;t rely on this. Anything can happen even at my age. Please use proper birth control methods. "
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for about 1 year now. I think it is great. I have been able to do better in school, and focus more at work. I am also able to sit still, and not move around as much."
"I got mine March 2016 and at first my period lasted a few days then it would stop and a couple days later it starts again. Now I&#039;m not getting it. No serious complaints beside some minor headaches and increased hormone levels. I love it."
"While I was pregnant my psoriasis freaked out. It went all over my body. I could see a difference every day until it was gone. One of the only medicines that didn&#039;t set my skin on fire."
"I am in week 13 and taking Contrave as prescribed.  I am a middle aged male that weighed almost 300 pounds when I started taking this medicine.  So far I have lost 40 pounds.  Now this is not just Contrave.  I went all in, changed my eating habits (4000 calories a day to 1600) and walk 2 miles daily.  This is the best I have felt since getting out of the army 20 years ago.  

No side effects noticed."
"Hey!!  

I was suffered by chronic idiopathic urticaria (CIU) past 5 months, So initially i consulted a dermatologist and he said &quot;It&#039;s just a food reaction so he gave some drugs&quot;, after 1 week it got worse and I&#039;m worried but continued to take the medicine he gave. Parallely I searched about urticaria in internet and understood I have CIU and started worried every night i got this hives, it was painful to sleep (all over body), after some days i got on my face and head its was stressful and physically and mentally. Again I approached my doctor he said &quot;it&#039;s not easy to identify why this hives occur&quot;, and he gave zyrtec 10 msg drug i use to take after my night meal every day. Later a month i asked my self why i need take this rest of my lif"
"I have had headaches for years and I could not find any medication that would work for me. The doctor put me on Imitrex 50mg and it works great. I get headaches about 4 days a month in the winter but I have huge increase in the summer (normal for migraine suffers) about 14 days. It does have some side effects for me but the benefit is greater than the side effects. I am also on antidepressants and high blood pressure medicine to see if it will lessen my pain. This is a newer treatment and most doctors say that they see an improvement in migraine suffers headaches (less headaches/less pain)."
"I&#039;ve never had problems with my bowel movements. However, I just had to have surgery and was taking a narcotic - mostly to sleep at night. 
I had a small bowel movement the third night home, but then felt horribly constipated. 
It was almost worse than the operation. 
It was painful, uncomfortable in my belly and bloating. I took olive oil, ate fruit, did all the things to get my body moving. I walked around for hours. Still, nothing. 
Finally, my mother came over with The Phillips Milk of M and I took the largest amount. Nothing right away. I became frustrated and took another two tsp. about three hours into waiting. 
Exactly six hours after I took the first dose my system finally kicked in - BIG TIME. It was really painful, but RELIEF."
"I hope people aren&#039;t deterred by other reviews on this site.  Typically people go online to leave bad reviews.  

I, on the other hand, have had a GREAT experience with this birth control thus far. I have been on it for about a month and have had no side effects!  Before Mircette  I tried EVERYTHING- Sprintec, tri-sprintec, the patch, the ring, Yaz, etc.  A lot of pills made me very moody, anxious, depressed, or excessively fatigued.  Some pills made me very sick to my stomach.  Mircette has been awesome.  My hormonal acne has already cleared up, I don&#039;t get upset to my stomach at all, and I haven&#039;t experienced mood swings.  I am thrilled that I finally found a birth control that works for me.  I HIGHLY recommend trying it."
"Literally the best medication I&#039;ve ever taken for my panic/anxiety disorder! I used to get panic attacks over the smallest things and it took over my life, not an exaggeration either. I started taking this 4 years ago and have been on it ever since. Haven&#039;t had a panic attack in 4 years. This medicine has literally changed my life."
"I had been suffering from horrible cystic acne for 8 months.  My obgyn prescribed me Zarah for it, and it has been a miracle med for me!  In four days my face cleared up.  I have been taking the medication for three weeks now and haven&#039;t had a single breakout.  I also have not had any negative side effects that others seem to have experienced, but I know everyone is different. The medication is also so cheap it came out free for me.   If you are looking for a hormonal solution to acne I definitely recommend Zarah 28&#039;s!!!"
"I hate this pill and I wish I never would&#039;ve tried it. I had a cyst on one of my ovaries that ruptured and it caused me to have a period for a month or two straight so my doctor put me on this pill. I have gained weight, my chin is constantly broken out, I had absolutely no sex drive and worst of all, my emotions are crazy. It&#039;s taken a toll on my relationship. I cry about the dumbest things. I was never like this before I took those pills. I quit taking it before I finished the first month because I got to the point to where I hated myself and everyone around me. I haven&#039;t taken it in months and I still have days where I feel miserable and my sex drive has not gotten better yet at all. I do not recommend this pill at all. It has ruined me."
"I have had significant leg pain for a long time.  This medication took about 1-2 months to start working, but then it was great.  I could run on the treadmill at much faster speeds and for much longer - when previously I&#039;d have cramps.  Also, standing stationary used to be painful after 5-10 minutes - but this also improved.  The only problem is that this medication can cause anxiety and insomnia since it is derived from xanthine (chemical &quot;cousin&quot; of caffeine).  This is listed as a rare side effect on the drug insert, but I have heard it is more common from my doctor.  

I was actually given this for Peyronie&#039;s disease (off-label), but it didn&#039;t do much for that.  It is supposed to inhibit TGF-beta (a cytokine) - decreasing scar tissue."
"Hyperplexia also known as autonomic dysreflexia. Works well with quadriplegics along with Valium for muscle spasms. Doses may very from person to person."
"I was diagnosed with Nacolepsy about a year and half ago and started taking Nuvigil.  I began with a 150mg dose once a day and the first couple weeks were great.  Like some of the other reviews colors were brighter, I was more focused and felt better than I ever remember feeling.  After a couple of months on that dose I started to have midday sleeping spells, where I could not keep my eyes open, even when in the middle of complicated work functions.  I would literally fall asleep while typing, waking to find the same letter across the page.  I spoke to my Doctor and the dose was upped to 250mg once a day.  I went throught the same effects as when I first started taking the medication.  Again the effects have slowly worn off."
"Had a terrible case of postpartum depression and was not aware of what I was going through.  I was lost and not myself. I was prescribed Paxil and within 7 days, the sun was shining again and I was able to enjoy my new life with my beautiful baby girl."
"Was on microgynon for two years because of heavy periods, and while it worked I was awful at remembering to take it.
So I heard mirena could be an alternative and after a bit of research reading both really positive and really negative reviews I figured it was different for everyone and I wouldn&#039;t know unless I tried it myself. 
I was a little scared as not only have I never had a child, I am a Virgin ( age 20). 
But I took two paracetamol and went in completed relaxed listening to music. if you stress you will tighten up and it will inevitably hurt more. 
Yes it hurt,but for about 5 mins. I bled the first day, but not since. It&#039;s been three months, no spotting or bleeding at all. Incredible, best decision I made. Pain killers+relax=success"
"Background info: I&#039;ve suffered with Rosacea (subtype 2) mildly for 3 years, but this time last year it got much worse. I had red papules on one cheek which spread across my face. I was prescribed metronidazole gel which may have helped a little, but it was still really bad. I then tried azelaic acid, which didn&#039;t work. Then I read about ivermectin (Soolantra) online, and requested it from my GP (in the UK). They agreed to prescribe it.
Results: To say I&#039;m happy with the cream is an understatement. The papules are gone! My pores are still larger than before I had Rosacea, and I have a little bit of redness, but I can deal with those by using makeup. I&#039;m just so please the bumps have gone. I would definitely recommend this cream!"
"Just finished a 7 day course of Levaquin (500 mg oral tabs) for pneumonia. My infection was not severe, but I noticed effects practically immediately. Within 24 hours I felt so much better. It did make me slightly nauseous at first, until I began taking it only on a full stomach. Did not notice any other side effects. I drank a LOT of water while I was sick, which may have helped."
"Have had this stupid cough for 2 weeks now, taking this medicine for 3 days now &amp; has not done anything, no change whatsoever...I&#039;m so frustrated, I don&#039;t know what to do! :("
"I am experiencing more pain 2 weeks post injection than I had prior to it. I have a great deal of stiffness. My knee is locked up and when walking will buckle under me.  The injections are very painful, and the doctor must have irritated a nerve, because I&#039;d have severe pain at the injection site from just brushing touch. Never, ever again!"
"I seriously cannot believe how well this works.  In fact, I started taking it for ADD and depression.  After a week of taking it I noticed I suddenly have NO DESIRE to smoke cigarettes.  So I thought maybe this medicine had something to do with it.  Lo and behold it&#039;s ACTUALLY PRESCRIBED FOR SMOKING CESSATION.  This is great!!! Hasn&#039;t affected ADD symptoms yet."
"A few days after taking these tablets, my nose became really inflamed. Coming in contact with toxic chemicals made it worse. I just don&#039;t know where to turn. I don&#039;t think my doctor knows what to do to help me. This has been going on since February 2016."
"They should market this like Raid. Treximet: It kills migraines DEAD. 15-20 minutes later, I feel human again, and 30-45 minutes later, I wonder why I didn&#039;t take it sooner. The only bad thing I have to say is, it&#039;s expensive."
"I started on this after failing treatment with two other injectibles. At 4 weeks I felt great! Like I had nothing wrong with me. Now at three months I still feel better than before but I definitely begin having pain for a couple of days before my injection.  This is better than any other medication I have been on for this."
"I have been on taltz for about 4 months I saw results right away. It has even helped my rheumatoid arthritis some. The only side effect I have is mild cold symptoms which goes away pretty fast. The biggest drawback of this medicine is it lowers my immune system which sucks because I get sick a lot more now then without it. I got the flu recently it lasted 7 days and it was pretty severe. I have tried lots of other biologics, you name it I have tried it. Before taltz I was on cosentyx it was great except it gave me very bad mouth sores. With taltz I only had to pay a 5.00 co pay my insurance and Lilly took care of the rest. I am pretty much 99.9% clear taking this medication."
"Been on quetiapine a month for borderline personality disorder and possible bipolar and a mild psychosis, take 25mg three times daily. I love it my moods and anxiety are much more stable and so are the voices. I do take it along with Depakote 2000mg, lamotrigine 100mg, zopiclone 7.5mg, diazepam 5mg and lorazepam 1mg as needed and haloperidol 5mg as needed but definitely the quetiapine that&#039;s sorted my head."
"Had cold sores since I was in primary school and am now 18. Take a dosage of 1500mg of Famvir in one dose. Works great for me and stops the virus, leaving only a red mark for about 3 days. Side effects: tiredness, nothing serious though."
"Thank you a million times to all you other ladies who posted!
2100 hour inserted ovulation and went to bed.
0015 awoke to burning urgent need to pee. Soooooo tender!!! Had to use damp wash cloth to blot myself dry, the thought of wiping with toilet paper was frightening. 
 0020 -0200 burning increased, it started to spread backwards as the lava flowed out...ahhh the burning there as well!
0200 up and looking at side effects/ reviews.
0210 in the shower doing squats to push out any remaining medication. Cool water and mild soap. Gentle blotting to dry.
0235, in my kitchen sitting on a Wonderful ice pack!
THANK YOU ALL FOR POSTING!
I thought I would have to go to ER for this horrible reaction."
"I take it for my nerve pain and it helps tremendously.  I usually don&#039;t have to take any pain pills due to it anymore.  I also take it for migraine prevention.  I have not noticed much of a difference yet with that, but works great for nerve pain."
"I had a really violent reaction to this medication the first time I took it. Projectile vomit. It was so awful that I&#039;m not willing to take it again."
"The past few days I&#039;ve had this horrible yeast infection. Thankfully this pill exists because I wanted to cry earlier from being so uncomfortable.  My doctor gave me this 1 pill and I felt relief within the first hour.  I have no doubts that I&#039;ll be 100% within a day or two.  Oh! And  I didn&#039;t experience any side effects."
"So far so good! Had it put in today under anaesthetic. No pain, no cramping and no bleeding. Fingers crossed my perfect experience continues. Will keep you all posted."
"I have had asthma all my life.  About 10 years ago I found Accolate from an advertisement on TV and asked my Doctor for a prescription. I haven&#039;t had problems with my asthma since. It has improved my quality of life so much I cannot even express my thankfulness. I will never stop taking it.  No other medicine could help me and every winter I would spend in the hospital.  Thank you, thank you, thank  you."
"I had an abscessed streptococcus infection, which is a REALLY painful occurrence. They treated me with 2-10cc Dilaudid IV Injections, and it was really great. I got REALLY drowsy, but felt nothing, even when they stuck a HUGE needle into my insanely infected tonsil (It was only one tonsil). I went from a 9 on the pain scale to a 1 in ten minutes (or what I perceived as 10 minutes at least). I also hear about people getting very sick from hydromorphone. The staff at the Medical Center were great though. The technician who administered the drug in the ER knew just how to administer it to minimize nausea. I am definitely glad that they knew how much pain I was in an pulled no punches to treat it."
"I have suffered from migraine for many years. Before I started using Imitrex (about 15 years ago) some migraines would affect me for days. I missed out on so much back then. Imitrex changed that. I normally can take one dose and get complete relief in an hour. The only side effect that I have ever suffered is sleepiness but it&#039;s not so severe that I can&#039;t take Imitrex while working if a migraine strikes. This medication has been a life saver for me and changed my quality of life."
"This medication has changed my life. Been using for over 3 months and have gone from wearing 3 heavy pads per day to none. I also missed a couple of doses and immediately had incontinence. I took 2 x 25mg in one day and it reversed the problem and I got right back on schedule. For me its been a gradual improvement overtime so ladies, don&#039;t give up. I also take it separately from my blood pressure meds as to not interfere just in case. Also, insurance doesn&#039;t cover but you can download their Savings Card and pay less than half. That works for other non-covered meds like Crestor."
"I have Scmidts Syndrome a severe rare autoimmune collection of diseases so I get infections too often. This did not work at all for me. I am sitting in the doctors right now waiting for a different prescription. Very disappointing as now I am sicker than yesterday instead of starting to feel better."
"I would just like to start out by saying that Hypercare is an absolute miracle! It changed my life. I am 17 and have been having a sweating problem since my freshman year and all my friends always make fun of me for it because I will constantly be sweating and having armpit stains whether it&#039;s 100 degrees out or 6 degrees, I was always sweaty. So last week my mom finally took me the doctors and they prescribed me Hypercare...I used it that night and the Next day I had NO armpit stains! and the funny part is the day before this product I was wearing a brown loose shirt and I had the largest stains and then the day of wearing Hypercare I was wearing a light blue tight shirt and I had ZERO stains. It does sting a little but not that bad."
"I&#039;ve used other forms of this patch which works like a miracle pain remedy and would find pain relief instead of taking opioids which weren&#039;t working anyway. However, to my misfortune they do not make any other patch that I&#039;m aware of anymore aside for these Mylan Lidoderm patches and THESE DO NOT STICK TO THE SKIN! I&#039;ve tried everything to make the patches stick from putting tape (which I&#039;m shouldn&#039;t have to do), to rubbing it on.  These patches need to be re-made to stick!! PLEASE...PLEASE...the OTHER ONES  .. HELPED WITH MY PAIN from a 10 to a 3 with the one&#039;s that stick!! For me that&#039;s great, I&#039;m happy!!"
"I had the inplanon for over 5 years loved it! Did get acne and have put on weight not sure if the inplanon caused it. I had a regular periods every month. Recently had it removed hopefully conceive."
"Before starting this pill, my flow was way too heavy! I would literally bleed through a super tampon and a pad in less than 2 hours. (horrible I know.) Also my skin would get pimples like crazy. Within the first 2 months my period was lighter and managable.  My acne also cleared up. But my mom and others would notice that I was super quiet, I&#039;m usually talkative, so she thought I was depressed. I&#039;m not completely sure it was the pill&#039;s fault. Currently I am off the pill to see if my flow has gotten lighter.  I&#039;m giving it a 9 because of the &quot;depression&quot; stage my peers thought I was going through."
"I have been on 20mg of Lexapro and 0.5mg of Xanax for about 4 years. It wasn&#039;t until last year I have been vomiting for no reason every morning even if I wasn&#039;t doing anything. After avoiding food and drinks nothing helped so I talked to my doctor and he got me set up on this medicine. I&#039;ve never heard of it but for the past week I haven&#039;t thrown up since. I figured it was do to my anxiety when nothing helped and no I&#039;m not pregnant I&#039;m a male. Only downside for me is the drowsiness which like my other pills my body needs to get used to it first before I can actually function. All in all this medicine kept me from throwing up for about a week and I&#039;m happy for that."
"I have used this drug since developing CHF on the operating table in 2001 and I am still alive and feel pretty good.  I am 75 years old now."
"Didn&#039;t experience any side effects really.  Period came one day late,  which is normal.   Worked well.  (expensive but understandable as it is last resort option).  *note only will work if you haven&#039;t ovulated yet.  If you have sex and also happened to be ovulating....  It may be bad news man* good luck!"
"Effexor XR changed my life. Before I was on it, I suffered from constant unremitting generalized anxiety and deep, dark depressive episodes.  150mg Effexor XR gave me my life back.  over the years I had to increase my dose, ultimately ending up at 450mg. Unfortunately after year 9 it pooped out on me altogether. How I wish it would come back! A great antidepressant. All side effects for me went away within the first few weeks. Now giving Pristiq a try. "
"My doctor gave me a coupon card that keeps the prescription at $25.00 with my insurance. I have been taking Oracea for two years for my Rosacea. It works great! The only problem now  is that after all this time of using Oracea, I have developed a constant stomach ache. This is one of the side effects and I am really bummed out about it. I have had not stopped using Oracea. Not sure what is the alternative will be."
"Feminax Ultra for period pain, in the UK. Gets rid of gout pain immediately within 1 hour. Swelling reduced to nothing in 12 hours. Simply Awesome, can&#039;t say anything other than that. "
"Worked for me by day 2, my bp now 125/76. I had been on a calcium channel blocker (amlodipine (Norvasc)) for 9 years, &amp; my hair had thinned so badly, when I finally found out that hair loss is a known side effect of amlodipine,  I barely took the medication anymore, I started going to a new doc, who was surprised that my previous doc had not tried a diuretic before putting me on a calcium channel blocker, she started me on 25 mg, and told me to take it in the morning, &amp; eat foods with lots of potassium to avoid cramping in my muscles, &amp; drink water because I was probably going to start feeling dehydrated, with a headache. I followed her directions, &amp; after feeling slightly nauseous the first couple of days, feel great."
"After gallbladder removal I had chronic diarrhea. The first bowel motion in the morning was normal then after an hour I would have about 3 to 4 bowel motions that were loose stools throughout the day no matter what I ate. After 2 years and colonoscopies and egd no change in my situation. The doctor told me maybe it was normal. What a good doctor. Anyway after research on the internet I found this medicine and recommended it to my doctor who said yes and gave me a prescription. Since day one I have not had any diarrhea. I take it twice a day once in morning and the other in the evening. It has really helped me a lot. Good thing because I was beginning to get depressed and hopeless about my situation. Thanks be to God."
"I have been diagnosed with ulcerative colitis for nearly 3 years. I take 3 pills a day. Initially, I was prescribed 4 pills, but did have an increase in headaches. But, just dropping to 3 pills alleviated the headaches and my proctitis is well managed. I have needed to do bouts of predisone 2 times, but overall, Lialda has worked for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for about 8 months and its the only birth control I&#039;ve ever taken. Overall, it has been a positive experience. I had break-through bleeding the first month I was on it but it stopped after that. I did not experience any weight-gain or change in the length of my period, cramps, etc. I do get more acne on my face during my period now than I did before, though and mood swings during week 3 can be extreme: crying for no reason, feeling anxious/overwhelmed, getting unreasonably angry and upset. After experiencing this several months in a row, I&#039;m now often able to take a step back and say to myself, &quot;Okay, it&#039;s week 3, this is the pill not you,&quot; but its something potential users should be prepared for."
"Worked wonders to help my excessive sweating and anxiety from Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome, a form of Dysautonomia. Also, helped me to sleep better."
"I loved Accutane. I have taken it twice. It seemed to work for me for 5 years each time. I got the dry skin. I used baby washcloths and Neutrogena oil free fragrance free moisturizer. After the first few weeks it got better though. Best acne medicine on the market! By far!"
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for almost 6 months now and I haven&#039;t seen many issues with it. When I first started I was a bit moody, but now that side effect seems to have gone away. Also I&#039;ve had somewhat irregular periods while on the pill. I&#039;ve had no headaches, weight gain, my skin has cleared up a lot since starting it. I&#039;d definitely recommend it."
"Hello, all. I was diagnosed with Herpes Simplex 1 early 2016. Began taking Valacyclovir everyday once diagnosed. It has completely saved my life and my confidence. It&#039;s an easy pill to take and haven&#039;t had any outbreaks or symptoms since the initial outbreak. If you&#039;re suffering... this is the medication to take! Best wishes to all!"
"I&#039;ve experienced Restless Legs on and off since I was a child. I remember my legs aching very badly and feeling like I constantly had to shake and move them around. This used to only happen when I was extremely tired. But over the years it has gotten worse. My doctor started me off on a low dose of Tramadol (50mg 2x a day). 50mg didn&#039;t really help so now I take 100mg anywhere from 2-4 times a day and it completely gets rid of my restless legs. I can sleep for more than 2 hours and I can actually get comfortable, fall asleep and stay asleep. I would rather use this medication the rest of my life (I am 35) than ever have to deal with restless legs again."
"I was not sexy. Now I look sexy. This stuff works. 

(Still on it because it&#039;s only been 4 months.)"
"I have taken every medicine that there is for my Major Depressive Disorder &amp; the only thing that helped was Viibryd 40mg.  So I&#039;ve been on that for 2 years and last time I went back to my psychiatrist I told him that I still had a lot of days where I&#039;m still extremely depressed.  So he put me on Abilify 10mg once a day.  Been taking that for almost a week.  Well my problem is that both meds work great for me.  But I&#039;ve never had high blood pressure and I&#039;m 37 years old.  I went to my primary care Dr Friday and they put me on blood pressure meds.  So I&#039;m wondering if it&#039;s the Abilify causing me to have high blood pressure since all my life my blood pressure has been perfect till now."
"Prescribed for ADD and excessive daytime sleepiness. Very good at helping me focus when I need it. It also works TOO well for my fatigue, I went from feeling like a narcoleptic to having insomnia. I had to cut back on my prescribed dose because it was too much. I take only 5mg when I need it. Even though this medication will wake you up, you absolutely must manage your time and get some quality sleep, because most side effects come from lack of sleep. Be careful with this as it can be habit forming and addictive. The key is to eat well and sleep well when on this medication."
"I have been on the NuvaRing for 2 years and I absolutely love it, I have no worries towards a pregnancy, it controlled my severe acne, but my attitude changed a bit (controllable), with intercourse I find myself dry as well as painful at the beginning but my partner doesn&#039;t notice it. I do notice it slips down when I&#039;m doing activities which can be annoying but overall it&#039;s the best form of birth control that fits my life."
"I&#039;ve been on the depo shot since 2013 , I think it works well, but the bad part is weight gain. First I was 117 and now I&#039;m 152 , one of the good part about this shot is that it took my period away, &amp; I haven&#039;t had it for a year. im Thinking of changing because of the side effects I read about but its a good birth control method"
"I am on Gianvi primarily for horomonal acne. Was on Yaz for 3 years for this but since this is free, I switched. It works WONDERS for my hormonal chin acne! There is some light spotting at first and breast tenderness before my period but that&#039;s it."
"At age 59 I had my first panic attack along with anxiety that would last all day and into the evening. I was given Prozac which I believe caused the symptoms to occur. After just one week on Lexapro 20 mg my anxiety completely disappeared and I haven&#039;t had a panic attack since. I would highly recommend Lexapro for anyone suffering from depression and anxiety couples together. I don&#039;t walk in fear now I&#039;m completely relaxed and confident! Thank God for this medication!"
"I love this medicine. It is so nice to not have that feeling of having to &quot;go&quot; all the time...especially when you are traveling. The one down side is sometimes I can&#039;t even tell when I have to go and have to push on my lower stomach to see if I do."
"This medication saved my life! I had severe depression since the age of 12. I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta, Celexa, Zoloft etc. Nothing worked. Was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. On several occasions tried to take my own life. The last time I nearly succeeded, was on a 72 hour hold. The Dr. proscribed Lamictal at a low dose of 25mg. Gradually increased in increments of 25mg. I&#039;m now taking 150mg. at bedtime and I no longer have thoughts of suicide, hopelessness or despair. I&#039;ve been taking Lamictal for 2yrs. now, and I can honestly say that I enjoy life for the first time. Don&#039;t give up on this medication as it takes time to work. For me, it was about 2 months. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, but everyone is different. Good luck and God Bless!"
"It is helpful in neck and spine and helps the pain in my spine and neck and helps me be able to relax without constantly having to move in odd places to sleep and sit. Therefore I found that this helps with little side effects unlike other pain medication that I&#039;ve been prescribed in the past."
"I was on Effexor XR for almost a year. I started out on 75 mg a day, and it slowly progressed to 300 mg per day. I was 16, and weighed 105 pounds, while my 300  lb grandfather was only on 75 mg. While it helped with the depression (no suicidal ideas, not sleeping all day, etc.) it aggravated my moods. I had manic episodes that I would not remember, hallucinations, trouble sleeping, and when I did get depressed, it was very severe. The worst part was the withdrawal. It made me feel like I had the flu, and had been hit by a train. I ended up weaning myself off of it, with the help of 25 mg of Benadryl twice a day (it cut down on the nausea). I am now about to start Cymbalta, and I hope that it is a better experience."
"I had a heart attack and my doc gave me this to take .Within days  was worse off than before my heart attack. Always dizzy, confused, diarrhea, muscle cramps, short of breath, insomnia. I quit taking them and I feel so much better now and its only been 4 days since I quit taking them. This script is horrible and needs to be taken off the market!!Oh also headaches every damn day which i never ever had them before."
"Not recommending this,  on 25mg, knocked me out for 12 hours and groggy for the next 12 hours.  Cut pill into quarters and still had strong effect causing groggyness all of next day. Went to  trazadone, which is perfect for me."
"One day after the first injection I could tell a difference - no start up pain.  The injections were painless.   The doc put a cold numbing substance on the skin and when he injected it I couldn&#039;t even feel it.  I had my last injection this morning, equally painless (the PA did it this time).  I still have a lot of stiffness and am hoping now that I have all 3 to see some relief in the next few weeks."
"Something has changed in the formulation of this drug.  I developed a rash which looked like giant hives after starting a pack and into the 3rd day.  I thought it was unrelated but then it happened again when I started a second pack.  I have changed to another brand and had no problems."
"This product was awesome. I went from 192 lbs in September of 2005 to 138lbs in January of 2006 without any form of exercise.  I was working 2 jobs and it gave me more energy than anything else I&#039;ve ever tried. Some days I would have to force myself to eat something because I just wasn&#039;t hungry.

Then, they took the stuff of the market (in Canada at least).  Neither I nor my doctor can get it anywhere.  I didn&#039;t have ANY side effects other than losing ugly fat.  

Bring this stuff back!  I know plenty of people who tried this and ALL loved it with great results.  Since being off Ionamin, I&#039;m back at 174 lbs.  There is nothing on the market like Ionamin. Please bring it back."
"I have had good results with 200mg of zoloft, and .5 clonazapam 3 times a day, for ten years. I&#039;ve tried many ssri meds, and zoloft has been the best so far. I suffer from depression, agoraphobia, panic and ocular migraine. This current combo ( sometimes I add gabapentin if I&#039;m still anxious about leaving my house) has been the most effective for my mood. I gained weight on paxil and getting off was a nightmare. No additional weight gain with the zoloft."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique for a few years and I love it. Only four periods a year and they are much lighter. I do have some spotting in between periods but only four periods a year, out weighs the occasional spotting. It has really helped me with my endometriosis. I rarely experience symptoms from the endometriosis and when I do they are usually milder. I would recommend Seasonique to everyone!"
"Super good for depression."
"I have been on Tasigna for just over 3 years now (300mg x 2 times a day) Tasigna worked for me within a few weeks I have been in remission for basically the entire 3 years. As for the side effects, I feel sick to my stomach, tired,  severe leg and arm pain, I can&#039;t walk to long without needing a break, I went from working full time to not working at all because I am so tired all the time.... but hey I am in remission and alive so is all the above really a problem? Nope"
"I was diagnosed with advanced fibromyalgia about 3 years ago. My doctor has been monitoring my my condition and it has worsen over the years. I am now considered advanced to severe and my doctor decided to try this and see if it would help my symptoms. Nucynta ER 200 mg has done wonders and given me new life. The down side is that local pharmacies don&#039;t stock it or want to carry on their shelves regularly because of cost and with my insurance not allowing me to order refills until I am only days away from running out. Also, their suppliers only deliver once a week and the pharmacy needs to know 2 days in advance to get it that week or you end up having to wait til next week and you start going through withdrawals and depending on meds....."
"I&#039;ve taken Nuvigil for 4 days. Only other medicine I take is Effexor XR for depression.  My doctor kept telling the tiredness and fatigue was related to depression and if I could get past that I&#039;d be okay. After trying 3 different anti-depressants and upping the dose of Effexor to more than the manufacturer&#039;s suggested dose, I decided to have a sleep study and found I have hypersomnia.  First day I took 150mg Nuvigil and couldn&#039;t go to sleep until 4am.  The next 3 days I&#039;ve taken half a pill (75mg) and been pretty good alert wise and still able to fall asleep at night.  However, this morning I took half a Nuvigil and fell back asleep for 2 hours.  Maybe just need time to adjust to best dose for me.  Haven&#039;t had side effects but feel ready to go go go!"
"Perfect!"
"I am a 35 yr. old mom of 2. My Dr. put me on this to help with severe period cramps and possible endometriosis diagnosis. I&#039;ve only been on birth control prior to my kids (husband is fixed now) who are now 9 and 11. Been on this for one month and I&#039;ve gained 6 lbs! Mind you, I am normally very active (I teach cycle class 5 days a week) and eat healthy, but this the weight gain is crazy! Also, I have had weird tingling feelings, and have been supper unmotivated to do anything! I though I had a weird flu, because I could not figure out where all my energy went?! Stopping immediately, hopefully I&#039;ll find better relief with another pill. Thanks for all the reviews! I know everyone reacts differently but it&#039;s comforting to know I&#039;m not alone."
"I have recently switched to Apri28 from having tried a handful before it. I have been on Yasmin for the past 3 and a half years. Nothing really affected me except that I felt I was getting really moody and would snap for no reason, and I was always a happy person before. So naturally, I wanted a change. I waited a month after coming off of it and my back and forehead started to break out which I NEVER had, even before Yasmin so I started taking Apri right away. Honestly, it took a couple weeks for my body to adjust but I am clear once again, I feel like myself FINALLY! And I haven&#039;t had any problems. My left leg was a little tingly at times after a week or two, but that is gone.. even after only 2 months I know it was a good choice for me."
"This generic birth control gives me bad headaches that make me so exhausted that I can&#039;t do anything. It always happens on the third week. I don&#039;t like taking this birth control at all."
"I am 28 with one child who is now five years old. 
I decided to try an IUD after becoming tired of having to take a pill every single day to prevent unwanted pregnancy. The insertion was EXTREMELY painful for me (I should note however that I due have a very low pain tolerance!) and I almost passed out. I had to lay on the table in the doctors office for 15 minutes before I felt well enough to drive home. After insertion I felt some mild cramping and spotting but nothing ibuprofen couldn&#039;t take care of. 
I have now had the paragard for 5 months and am so happy with it. My first 2 menstrual cycles were very, very heavy but they are now more normal and only last 3-4 days. 
I am so happy I got this IUD, no more hormones!"
"Diagnosed with 5 mm stone in October.  Dull ache in lower back and pink urine.  Given flomax and started drinking 1.5 gallons of water a day.  In February to ER with extreme pain - could not stand or sit - pain felt like a spasm that started mildly in my lower left abdomen and then grew to the point of extreme (10/10) from my abdomen down to my feet.  CT showed stone had moved just slightly to the outflow of my kidney.  Had procedure to remove it with ureteral stent placement afterwards.   If flomax did anything, I am not aware of it."
"Been on this for 6 months. Best birth control. No weight gain. My periods are basically all discharge, no heavy bleeding anymore. For the first time in my life my periods are regular. No mood swings. I broke out a little bit for the first 3 weeks but everything is back to normal now. I did not develop a ravenous appetite like some say they have. It works for me, you won&#039;t know unless you try it though everyone is different."
"I have been taking Norco 10/325 and the 5/500 mg of Hydrocodone/acetoaminophen and it works really well for my bulging disc in neck and my back pain and Fibromylgia. I am only 23 years old and have been diagnosed with all these and now I have to go and see a cardiologist on the 12th on November to find out what is causing me to have chest pain all day, everyday. But I would recommend Vicodin to anyone who has severe chronic pain. It really works. The only thing I don&#039;t like is the constipation. Just EAT A LOT OF FIBER."
"I battled opiate addiction for 12 years.  I finally found Suboxone, Thank GOD.  It took 2.5 years and several relapse but eventually I got over it.  I&#039;m sure I couldn&#039;t have done it without Suboxone."
"This medicine has been a life changer for me. I&#039;ve tried absolutely everything and this is the only thing that controls loose stools &amp; diarrhea without making me constipated.  It has honestly been a miracle especially because I work and travel a lot and that was always so stressful - I wouldn&#039;t eat for long periods of time because I was so scared of an accident. I would give it a ten but it&#039;s expensive; luckily there are savings programs you can find - and that&#039;s well worth it - or it&#039;s over 1,000 a month and I am not sure how anyone could afford that!"
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICINE. I got it prescribed to me for sinusitis and within an hour of taking 1 pill with food I felt severe nausea. It&#039;s been 7 hours since I took it and I still feel very nauseous with no appetite. Doctors will prescribe anything to make money. I would never recommend this pill to anybody."
"I have been on Bydureon for 3 months now, I have lost 10lbs. Without trying my blood sugars stay around a 100-120, I also take 2000mg metformin. The mixing is a pain, but its only once a week bumps at injection site and heartburn are my only reactions to the medication, I think its working great!"
"I decided to get the implanon because I&#039;ve suffered with very very bad period pains, to the extent that I can&#039;t leave my bed, and I decided to make changes.

I&#039;ve had the implanon in for 6 months now and I only got my period once, and it&#039;s was light and only lasted a day and NO CRAMPS! 
I been reading comments on here, and I think different bodies different effect that&#039;s what I think.

It&#039;s perfect, although I got a very bad rash that lasted two weeks when I only had it on for a month. 
Other than that, I think it&#039;s perfect for my body. 

I recommend my cousin and sister to get it and they haven&#039;t seen their periods till now, and no side effects. 

Best of luck to anyone getting it or already have it x"
"I have really bad acid reflux and had suffered from anemia most of my adult life due to heavy periods. Regular iron supplements would irritate the lining of my stomach and cause lots of pain but this product is great. I have been taking Slow Fe for two weeks and I feel better already.  I have more energy, less shortness of breath, less pain in my body and I don&#039;t crave for ice anymore. It can only get better. My iron level was 9.0 before starting slow Fe. I will go to my doctor sometime in August. The only side effect is mild constipation."
"I&#039;ve already commented before I just wanted everyone to know I&#039;m off roacutane now. It&#039;s been just over a month and having my final check up soon. So happy with the results honestly. I feel so much more confident and happy it was worth every side effect. for the first time in 8 years(I&#039;m 18) I now can go out of the house without makeup on. And I&#039;m not exaggerating. I&#039;m so happy and I honestly think anyone with bad skin should try this honestly it&#039;s so worth it"
"I got my Paragard put in 3 days ago, and I will let you all know I was absolutely terrfied. I researched and researched for weeks before and almost decided against it from all the horror stories I read. Ladies passing out, bleeding all the time, cramps from hell etc. Well my doctor herself had an IUD put in, so she firsthand knew how badly they hurt. The entire procedure took less than 5 minutes, and when I was done I said &quot;was that it?? That&#039;s all?&quot; it wasn&#039;t bad at all, and I had very very minor cramping in the days following. It is absolutely worth it for what it&#039;s worth! Highly recommend."
"Opcon-A relieves my eye soreness and eliminates redness better than any other over-the-counter product (such as Visine) and Pataday (Rx and a bank loan are required, but it causes eye twitching after a few days of use as Pataday instructs).  I use Opcon-A once or twice per day only on days that my eyes become tired due to combination of chronic dry eye, possible eye allergy, and lack of sleep. (My eyes are red even on good days except for a while after using Opcon-A.) At age 58 now, no side effects have been observed despite occasional use for many years."
"After having my first child, I decided to try a long-term method of birth control. I was open to the IUD but very scared about the insertion. I went to planned parenthood and loved their customer service. They gave me pain medicine before insertion which I was VERY happy about! I felt only a little pressure when the nurse inserted it and no pain at all afterwards. It has now been almost 5 months since the insertion and I have yet to get a period. Do not know what to expect but am so far very pleased with my decision! Would definitely recommend!
STOP reading reviews! I did and I got super scared and almost didn&#039;t go through with it. Every body is different but recommend you carry pain meds w you if worried about pain during procedure"
"Negative: took the full dose of 125mg (Allegron) for 3+ months for depression. No effect whatsoever. Started to taper off about a month ago, went fully off about two weeks ago: very annoying withdrawal side-effects: night sweating, and now one of a sudden also stomach problems (minor but very annoying) and mysterious dizziness, uneasy feeling in the whole body, palpitation and overwhelming fatigue and numbness. Would not recommend at all."
"after getting off of the Max of trazadone my doctor prescribed me this so I can get a better nights rest without having nightmares. 
This has been making me stay up all night. It&#039;s acting like speed and is increasing my heart rate. I feel dizzy and nauseous and I am shaking as if I had a gallon of black coffee."
"I was taking lexapro and wellbutrin for a long time. Then switched to vibyrd in 2012. It helps with my deceased sex drive and it doesn&#039;t cause weight gain either. It actually helps with my libido."
"This stuff makes me poop every time I urinate. Once it kicks in, the effects last for several days. I have completely abnormal bowel movements. I can never get it all out, it just sits in my rectum, causing a great deal of &quot;mishaps&quot;. I finally had to go and get an enema just so I could have an actual bowel movement and clear everything out, so to speak. I&#039;ll never use the stuff again."
"I have taken plan b twice in my life. The first time I took it, it was just two or three days after my period had ended and then five days later I started my period again. I was a little concerned at first thinking there&#039;s no way it could have made me start that early. Two periods within three weeks is crazy. So then the month went on and I started worrying if that really was my period, but in the end it just reset my cycle. The most recent time, I had sex on day 10 of my cycle and took the pill about 11 hours later. 6 days have passed since then and I&#039;m having some bleeding and bad cramping. It&#039;s not normal period bleeding for me but it&#039;s more than just spotting. I&#039;m waiting now to see if this is my period or just bleeding side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 16 now 22, I&#039;ve tried 3 birth controls before Ocella. All previous ones had break through bleeding, mood swings &amp; one gave me out of control yeast infections. 
That&#039;s when I switched to Ocella, zero acne, I skip my period, no breakthrough bleeds, no weight gain besides 3 pounds and a little bloating every so often.
Best part, no pregnancy scares for the last 2 years. Love the protection and stability it&#039;s supplied! I will say I&#039;ve experience intermittent anxiety on it, might try another kind of it continues.

Hope this helped. Worth a try, it&#039;s kept me safe, happy and acne/pregnancy free."
"For years I missed out on so much, I was always ashamed to wear sandals or any type of shoes that showed my toes. As a girl I found my self looking at everyone else&#039;s cute shoes wishing I could wear them. It took about 8 months then my toenails were perfect! It truly was a miracle drug!  I would recommend it to anyone who has any kind of toenail fungus. I now wear any kind of shoe I want and don&#039;t even think about that nasty problem. My only regret was not doing it any sooner."
"I started taking Adipex 3/6/08, I was 182 lbs. By 6/3/08, I was down to 152 lbs. 30 lb loss is great. I have 7 lbs to go.  The program is great, if you follow your diet plan and stay hydrated. 200cal.for breakfast at 7am, 350cal. lunch at 12pm, and 450cal. for dinner at 6pm absolutely no  snacking in between. My only problem was constipation. Suddenly ceasing the medicine may cause side effects.  Overall I love Adipex. Love it, Love it, Love it!"
"I have mild acne and I was starting to get really frustrated with it, so I saw my doctor. He put me on Differin and told me to use it on only the spots themselves and not on my whole face. I did this before bed. When I woke up the next day I was amazed to see that all my spots were flat and much less red than they had been the previous night. I would definitely recommend Differin for people who have mild acne as well."
"Nuvigil works really well. The effectiveness does slightly wears off after several consecutive days with the dose, but taking a day or two off of the medication has restored effectiveness for me. The only side effect I&#039;ve experienced in the last month and a half is headaches (infrequently, at that). Be wary of mixing caffeine with Nuvigil. In my case, caffeine increases palpitation-like symptoms, increases jitteriness, and has even provoked hallucinations more than once."
"Make sure you do NOT drink alcohol when taking this.  It works well when my Doctor prescribes three (3) pills, to take every three days.   That does the trick!"
"Before taking this medication I was experiencing sleepless nights. Sometimes this would happen for 3 nights in a row. There was no reason for me to feel anxiety or feel as if a panic attack was coming on. My panic and anxiety feelings were in my stomach&amp; my throat. I felt like I could scream but I could never get it loud enough. I was also experiencing stomach ulcer symptoms.  I had no clue what was wrong w/ me. At work I started to experience social anxiety.  I would feel panicked, my face would get flushed &amp; my neck and chest would break out in hives. One other extremely annoying symptom was getting up during the night to pee when I really  didn&#039;t have to. My doctor prescribed 25 then 50 then 75 then 100mg of zoloft and I&#039;m 100% better."
"I was waiting a long time for Belviq to come out. It&#039;s been close to a week and I&#039;ve lost over 6 lbs. Pretty impressive. Yes I am dieting and exercising but I am eating less. I just don&#039;t feel like eating anymore! I am hoping to lose 20lbs in 6 months. I got a real good chance here. I don&#039;t feel any headaches or nausea like my doctor said."
"Had a horrible toothache, it was infection to point jaw was swollen. Worked after about 24 hours, was pain free with no side effects."
"I got a yeast infection after being on antibiotics for tonsillitis. After 5 days of pain and being uncomfortable 24/7 I tried monistat 1 and it was like a miracle. Very easy to use and by the next day all my symptoms had gone away. I&#039;m so happy I tried it. Also, I had tried other creams and wipes and azo yeast that didn&#039;t seem to help at all"
"I have had insomnia related to anxiety for about 6 years,  exasperated by shift work and taking Citalopram. Took me ages to fall asleep (some nights couldn&#039;t sleep at all and this induced panic attacks) and waking atleast 3 times throughout the night. Finally referred to a sleep disorder service by NHS (uk) and my consultant prescribed this at 15mg. I fall asleep within an hour of taking usually. It has really helped! Feels like a nice natural sleepy state and not overly drowsy like you can get with sleeping pills. Reduced amount of times I wake also. However, I now have cold sweats every morning which wakes me up, they start from around 6am and continue till I wake up. Going to see my doc about this as they are becoming unbearable."
"I had the misfortune to use your Prepopik for my procedure - and it failed to do what was intended, clean my colon. I followed the Instructions for Use to the letter.  I wasted two days, one prepping for the procedure and one at the outpatient facility and now I must waste two more days when I reschedule. Fortunately, the outpatient facility has prescribed a different product for my repeat attempt. What a waste of time, money and emotion only to have to repeat! I wish there was a good way to let everyone know how bad this product is. I&#039;ve complained to the physician&#039;s office, the outpatient facility, and the company - telling them what a worthless product this is. Only the outpatient facility seemed to understand my frustation."
"This drug has basically saved my life. I&#039;ve been hospitalized twice from severe ulcerative colitis. I would not be able to function outside of my home if it was not for this medication. Thank you for all the efforts that went into developing this drug."
"discontinued 2014. Congress made it illegal by passing the safe and effective act. the drug predated the FDA."
"I have been using this drug for about 4 days,  500mg 3 times of day for seven days, I haven&#039;t had  any side effects at all, maybe something is wrong with me I wonder ?"
"I give it a 10 and I would give SSRI&#039;s and SNRI&#039;s only a 5. It&#039;s our first experience with MAOI&#039;s and its still early days. But what a difference with fatique (none). Other side effects in our case are minimal or non existent. I wonder what % of people actually notice severe side effects (maybe less then 20%?). It appears that MAOI&#039;s are well known these days. I presume it&#039;s because they are old generic drugs (not covered by active patents) and hence will not get high advertising budgets from the pharmaceutical companies. I also presume that many GP&#039;s have no knowledge of this class of drugs or these are too risky, adverse (side effects) to recommend a trial. It took us at least 7 years of battling depression and fatigue before we found out!"
"I had severe anxiety and panic attacks and have tried antidepressants that didn&#039;t work and gave side effects for not being the correct medicine. Wild thoughts, voices and fear consumed me. I started with 0.25 then slowly came off of it. Taking too long made me mentally slow. Tried tapering off and taking as needed until I worked through the fears and anxieties. Ultimately our minds are trying to make decisions, fighting ourselves and indecision creates mental turmoil that only we can correct by making a choice and moving forward."
"I have epilepsy and first ruptured a disc during a seizure about 4 years ago. I was on Norco, I think, until my Neuro saw how bad the imaging looked and put me on 50 mcg of fentanyl/72 hrs. Totally took care of my pain until I had surgery. About a year ago the pain came back worse than ever and after a bunch of tests I was referred to a PM doc. He started me on Vicodin until he could do an injection, but it barely touched my pain. Switched me to Oxycodone 10 mg/6 hrs. I was still hurting BAD and had a patch still, which I used. He put me on fentanyl. I needed a fusion, which I had 3 months ago. Pain still bad, on fentanyl 75/48 hrs and oxy. Tried Opana, didn&#039;t like it. Worst is sweats and weight gain, plus keeping patch on. Still, let&#039;s me live."
"I started taking zaleplon after finding that my previous sleeping pill (trazodone) made me sleepy well into the next day. Zaleplon has a much shorter half life than trazodone and it helps with falling asleep. The way my doctor described it was that it would ease my mind so I could fall asleep versus making me just drowsy. The first few weeks I fell asleep instantly. However, after being on zaleplon for awhile, I noticed that in the morning I had taken more pills (2 or 3) without remembering I had. I live alone, so I know I was the only one that could have taken them. I also did dishes and took trash out in my sleep. I now take a lower dose and haven&#039;t had the same issues since. Great sleeping pill but make sure you start on a low dose."
"Went in to anaphylactic shock within 20 minutes of taking first tablet, had to call ambulance. Nearly died,
blood pressure dropped to life threatening level. Taken to A &amp; E, given adrenaline injection."
"My doctor recommended this shot to me to help with cramps due to having endometriosis.  
I have received 2 shots and have been on my period for a total of 5 months now!!!!! 
The shot helped with pain the first 3 months, and now it doesn&#039;t help at all. 
I will not be going back for another shot.
It is awful! I&#039;ve gained weight, I&#039;m moody, and fatigued. 
And in case you missed it the first time, I&#039;ve been bleeding for 5 months!
Just think of the pads, tampons, laundry, ib profen, chocolate, ice cream, occasional apologies to your boyfriend, and acne you&#039;ll get to look forward to...
just say no to this joke of a drug!!"
"I have been using Cymbalta for several years now as part of my treatment plan for Chronic Pain. My pain is related to having Fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis in my hips, spine, knees and neck, impingement in the hips as well, and trigger points throughout my body. 

After trying several other medications, and gaining some amount of weight, my doctor wrote the prescription and I started at 30mg for the day. I now take 60mg in the morning and 60mg at night and it makes a huge difference in maintaining my pain levels. 

I use it now as part of my daily &quot;medicine cocktail&quot; and hope to continue for a long time still to come!"
"245 to 195 from July 03, 2015 to December 25, 2015. I was prescribed Phentermine 37.5mg as a weight loss supplement and used this in conjunction with My Fitness Pal Calorie Counter and very irregular exercise, haha. I noticed an increase in energy and most of my cravings disappeared. My only side effect was cotton-mouth, but only if I didn&#039;t drink enough water. Goal is 140 and I will get there. Husband was so impressed that he started in Sept and went from 198 to 174 in just over a month! I am so grateful for this medication and am getting ready to start again!"
"So far this is my choice of seizure medicines (complex partial and absence).  Dilantin makes me sleepy, Tegretol and Topamax both gave me migraines.  No seizures AND no headaches, yay!  Zonegran does leave me a bit fatigued, and seems to lessen the appetite (but that&#039;s not really a bad thing)."
"The first time I tried it the cream  it didn&#039;t even wait for me to leave the bathroom before the hell dancers decided to celebrate it&#039;s war on my snatch . The feeling of fire inside the walls of my vagina quickly set in. I laid down and I began to cripple from the pain... hunched in fetal position I even started to question if this is worse than giving birth. The medicine started seeping out of my vagina due horrible stomach contractions.The medicine then came in contact with the outside skin and the second wave began.I began to have shortness of breath. The itching and burning became unbearable.Definitely  DO NOT recommend this product."
"At 60 I began experiencing erections that were not rock hard, and during sex, at times I would loose an erection, but be able to get it back and climax normally. I wanted a harder erection and talked to the doctor and tried  20 mg levetra. Ate supper at 5 pm, took the pill at 9 pm, waited 30 min and began foreplay. Got the usual erection , more than a chubby but  erection of my youth....so really no change....had a very hard time ( no pun intended) to climax. Had to rest, and start again before I could climax. Second erection the same, more than a chubby, but not rock hard. After climax and 2 hours after taking the pill, I got major nasal congestion that lasted through the night into the morning of the next day."
"I bent over and suddenly experienced severe pain.  With either a pinched nerve or a pulled muscle, I could barely make it to a nearby chair.  I took 2 Aleve and applied an ice pack for the entire afternoon.  Within 45 minutes I could slowly walk and I continued to take Aleve as recommended on the bottle.  The next day I resumed my life as usual and in 3 or 4 days I no longer needed Aleve.  Wow, better than a chiropractor."
"I have needed medication for allergies for almost 15 years and have had difficulty getting more than moderate relief.  Nasonex has made my quality of life much more comfortable and kept my symptoms more controllable, which in turn keeps other related expenses down.  Because of my financial limitations it is my one necessity, although I wish the cost was lower. Makes my over the counter remedies more effective.  I have experienced no side effects from this drug, only desirable effects."
"This medicine saved my life. I have been on it for at least 10 years. After taking several types of medicines that really didn&#039;t work I was put on this and the results for me are wonderful. I am taking Prozac and Zyprexa too. I am not as easily upset and have more control of my emotions. I feel more human."
"My wife passed away and I went into a deep depression. I was put on Wellbutrin and told by my nurse it would be at least 4 weeks. In just 3 days and I was feeling great, clear headed, I smiled, I ate normally."
"I had a migraine for over 2 weeks and tried everything. My doctor gave me this yesterday. Awesome, headache gone!"
"This medicine is the best. I have been using this medicine about once every year for upper respiratory tract infections. It really starts to work by day 2 and continues to work after about a week.  As with any medicine the side effects with me is going to the restroom more than usual.  "
"I have been taking Mirapex for a number of years for RLS. I originally took 0.125mg once a day. After a few years it was increased to 0.125mg twice a day as my symptoms were rather severe. I have remained at the same dosage since then and have developed no side effects to the medication.  I would seldom be able to sleep except for this medication."
"I had Mirena for 3 years.  It went through my uterine wall and had to be removed surgically from my abdomen.  It&#039;s been 2 years, and my female hormones are still a wreck.  I had migraine, anger, muscle pains, back pain, horrible fatigue, head pressure, sinus, and fuzzy thinking.  "
"Ok so this gets an 8 because it was effective. HOWEVER, it&#039;s an AWFUL experience that I don&#039;t recommend to anyone!! The pain is unbelievable. You will sit on the toilet for hours wondering what went wrong in life to bring you to this point. If your doctor tells you to take it, you better make sure they&#039;ve prescribed some zofran for you because you&#039;re going to need it."
"After taking a half of a tiny pill of Primidone for 4 nights at bedtime I could not walk down the hall when I woke up. I was falling every where &amp;  was so nauseated &amp; I had horrible Nightmares that woke me up screaming ! First thing Monday morning I called the neurologist that had prescribed it  &amp; the receptionist would not let me talk to her- Said she would call be back . she did not call so I called again later in the Day . Still would not let me talk to the Doctor  ,but told me&quot;  she said never take it again .&quot;My primary Care Dr sent me to see a specialist who checked my eyes &amp; hearing &amp; a lot of things with his special machines .He determined that it was the Primidone that was causing the problems. ( Of course I never took it again ) Bt"
"I had been bulimic, anorexic for 15 years. I tried in-patient/ out-patient programs in the best places in  Toronto, Canada .. and I did each 3-4 times. When I started Topamax, I could attend lunches at work and can honestly say I haven&#039;t binged at work this year (I am a teacher). In previous years, I binged and purged, 3-4 times a day.

I know socialize and have friends.

I do admit though that the meds have made me very, very, tired. I sleep in until about 1 or 2 pm on the weekends which brothers me a lot but I think its a small price to pay for the huge changes I&#039;ve made."
"I switched to the implant because the Depo wasn&#039;t working well with my period. It&#039;s only been a week since getting the implant and everything is going good. I was worried about it making me bleed for a prolonged period of time, but I was on the 3rd day of my period and the bleeding stopped 2 days after getting the implant. Hopefully good results will continue!"
"I woke up, for several months, with bizarre facial pressure; my sinus membranes &quot;in&quot; my eyes, my maxillaries, etc... felt inflamed and throbbed, subsiding only with the next night&#039;s sleep.... I don&#039;t think that I had bonafide, bacterial-based sinusitis, since flare ups tended to abate within twenty four hours and seemed to follow strenuous physical exertion (e.g., running) and menstrual cycally driven hormonal fluctuations. I found minimal relief, for these episodes, through saline rinses (which seem to work well for standard congestion) and had already been prescribed other nasal sprays, including fluticasone. 90% reduction in monthly symptom days. 2 bad days per month, max. I&#039;ve never written a product review."
"Urologist was hesitant to put me on this because my young age. He did. First two months were rough. Decreased energy and sex drive.After this my testosterone levels actually sky rocketed and I got muscular and lost body fat and sex drive went into hyper drive.Hair regrowth was  minimal but body hair was drastically decreased. 

Oh and my prostate shrunk drastically and my PSA is below 1 (0.9).I was put on this after floxmax didn&#039;t work to fully evacuate my bladder . My BPH was causing bladder void  incompleteness which caused UTI. It took Avodart 2 mths. to stop this where many medications failed."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia since my back surgery 2 years ago and tried several sleeping pills like Ambien and Lunesta. Edluar 10mg is the only one that works for me. I take it every night as long as I live."
"Works great for menstrual pain and doesn&#039;t hurt my stomach like other naproxen, as long as I take it on a full stomach. I take one and it works all day. Only draw back is the cost, so my doctor stocked me up on samples. Even with insurance it was outrageous."
"It&#039;s currently 6am and I am sitting on the toilet with the worst intestinal cramps I have ever had in my life due to these tablets. I have been unable to pass normally for about 3 weeks now, due to a haemorrhoid, and I was prescribed these by my doctor. I take 2 before bed in an effort to get me going. And get me going it does - but it also wakes me up 3 hours beforehand with horrendous pains in my stomach and gives me such bad diarrhoea that I&#039;m scared to get off the toilet. "
"Like many others I suffer from general anxiety on and off for 10 year and this past winter it got the best of me to the point that I couldn&#039;t function. I used xanax 0.5 up to 3 times per day for that episode but that is not the long term solution that I wanted. So I was put on escitalopram 10mg and holy crap it gave me my life back. The first 3 weeks were tough with the nausea, sweating, insomnia, mood swings. BUT if you can stick it out the 3-5th week I noticed a gradual and significant improvement in mood and ability to control thought.Since Week 5 I have been what I consider totally normal for the past 7 months.  I encourage anyone going through this to hang in there it will get better. Listen to your doctors."
"Bladder / body infection. 
Groin swelling and abdominal pain. 
Prescribed two weeks dosage which cleared symptoms. 

Ok for one after. Then infection came back. This time same symptoms but now spread to kidney pain also causing lower back pain 
Re-prescribed further dosage, this time for 4 weeks. 

Further checks to be done, i.e. Scan &amp; blood test booked. 
Meanwhile within two weeks, all symptoms now gone again 100%. But carrying on to complete dosage for further two weeks. 

Final diagnosis likely cause originated from UTI -Urinary tract Infection. 

I consider this medicine to be suitable but deems to be only of a Mild strength. 

There were No side effects. And I am generally always very fit never getting any illness&#039;s apart from common colds."
"Started using trulance not so long ago, hoped it will help me before I leave for a vacation. It does! after about a week I started going almost every day and I feel so much better. Makes me happy iIdon&#039;t need to worry about this problem anymore."
"Diflucan works wonders and for me! It is the best choice for a yeast infection. I&#039;ve had frequent UTI&#039;s since giving birth and I always get a yeast infection after taking antibiotics. Diflucan works very well and the relief starts within a day or two . The downside to this medication is the itching gets more intense as the medicine works, usually this happens between day 1 and 2. I wish that this product was available over the counter, but it is indeed a great product for yeast infections, whether the infection is  mild or severe. I even took this while I was pregnant. But if I can remember correctly, if you are pregnant, you are not supposed to take Diflucan more than once."
"had it long back for 6months 1/2 tab twice a day for stomach infection with other medicine . Realized very late that I was allergic to this medicine. felt like ending my life. depressed."
"On the advise of a friend my wife and I started taking Bonine 24 hrs before we departed on a small ship cruise in the Caribbean. It was the best advise we could have gotten because at night while traveling between the islands the weather was very very rough. Over half the people on the cruise were extremely sea sick and miserable. We felt fine and had no issues at all. I highly recommend this product."
"After spinal injury I suffered neuralgia in my legs. The doctors tried multiple drugs some were worthless and some of the others were dangerous. Lyrica caused blurring of visin and tremors. Looking for something to make me feel better. Lyrica was not it."
"Paxil has worked wonderfully for me. I now have a life due to it. I no longer feel like I&#039;m being attacked by the world, so I no longer attack back. I finally have a life and I am finally happy with myself as well."
"I had the implant put it around late Aug 2015 after having to go under an abortion. I didn&#039;t want to run a risk of getting pregnant again so I gave the implant a try. I gave the implant a try because the other forms of birth control weren&#039;t working for me. For example the IUD gave me unbearable mensural cramps, something I never had prior to the implant. The regular everyday pills worked fine, however there would be times when I would forget and this is what essentially got me pregnant. Not my first rodeo though, I&#039;m 24 and I got pregnant for my first time when I was 17, I had an abortion then too... After the implant, I gained 30 pounds in a matter of 4 months. I had it removed, never have I been this big in my life. I blame the implant."
"Hello,
So I&#039;ve been on Estarylla 0.25mg for a month and half now. I&#039;ve had such terrible experiences with birth control pills. But I can say theirs not too much bad I can say about Estarylla other than I am nauseous as if i&#039;m pregnant. Mornings seem to be the worst I take my pill at night to help avoid sickness but I&#039;m sick regardless. But I can say it&#039;s cleared up my ache and NO CRAZY MOOD SWINGS! Thank god.. NO MORE, depression, anxiety,night sweats, NO WEIGHT GAIN. I&#039;m waiting on period #2 to see how my blood flow will be on this month because unlike the other pills I can say I had a longer period then the typical 3-4 days my period last month was a good 7-10 days. I am hoping this month will be lighter and my typical 3-4 days:)"
"an amazing medicine .. i don&#039;t know how long i had had HCV.. i knew that i had it in september 2015 and began taking it in March 2016 ..now i&#039;m only 6 days to finish the 12 weeks treatment and i had an amazing experience ..side effects that i experienced were slight headache after the 1st 10 days and then gone .. only the major one from my side was a hair falling which i am not sure that it is because of the medicine as i just gave birth to my second baby 5 months ago and stopped all vitamins to take the medicine .. so in an overview it is an amazing medicine .. i had the gynotype 1 and done pcr after 6 weeks from taking it and was not detected.. thanks God for knowing about the medicine in the correct time .."
"After my last child and not being comfortable on the pill I had the Mirena inserted under mild sedation. I felt nothing when I woke and only had slight bleeding for the first month. Thereafter nothing. I had it in for 8 years - no problems and no bleeding. 
I am now menopausal and on Estrogen patches. 
My Mirena has been replaced with a new one - it&#039;s been 3 months now and Iv&eacute; only had a day or two of very light spotting. 

The best thing ever."
"I have been on Loestrin for about a week. The only side effects I&#039;ve had have been irritability/mood swings and anxiety after taking the pill. I also noticed an increase in sexual desire, but less of an ability to obtain orgasms.  In addition, just mild headaches. However, I&#039;m ECSTATIC that I have not experienced any bloating or weight gain the first few days of taking the pill. When on Yaz and Yasmin I experienced that immediately almost with an addition of 8 lbs weight gain. I&#039;ve been able to actually lose weight in the last week and my desire to exercise still exists. On Yaz/Yasmin I was so relaxed - which was great. However, I felt more lazy and was not as motivated to exercise. So far, I would choose Loestrin over all!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Neurontin 400mg 2 tabs 3 times a day along with other pain medicines for bad back pain and my elbow got shattered and it burns so bad that I could barely stand it until I took the Neurontin. Now that stops the burning but it does make you groggy so I needed my dose lowered. It works great for my headaches also. I take blood thinners so I&#039;m limited to what pain medicines I can take but this one is the best I think...for the burning and the pain. It&#039;s a must to try it."
"Best birth control I&#039;ve tried. Super comfortable and easy to use. I&#039;ve had zero side effects. No weight gain, and I have clear skin! No issues with sex either. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years and there&#039;s been no changes in my sex drive. Give it a try! It changed my life for the better. Don&#039;t let the bad reviews scare you!"
"I have been on Yaz for four years. It is the only birth control I have ever been on because my doctor recommended it the first time I saw him, and I have never had any problem with it."
"I was on Yaz for about 6 months about 2 years ago and loved it. It made my skin great, I lost weight, controlled my crazy mood swings, and totally increased my sex drive. I was put on it because I had gotten pregnant on a different pill. The only reason I stopped was to try the Nuvaring which was the worst idea ever. I stopped that, and for whatever reason the doctor didn&#039;t put me back on Yaz, just a different generic of something else that made me lose libido, gain weight, get acne everything bad. Then I decided to stop taking birth control all together to try and get pregnant. Didn&#039;t work, still all bad mood swings and acne but found out about polycystic ovarian syndrome. Going back on Yaz tomorrow, only thing that keeps me from being crazy."
"Hi Guys, 
On feb, 30th I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend and he did not come inside me. He actually pulled out about 2 minutes before. But I was still afriad so I took plan-B 10 hours later. Not to mention I was ovulating the night we had sex. Immediately after I took the medication, I was incredibly dizzy and tired. After a day I began to feel bloated and had backpains. My period was due on feb 14th but it came 4 days earlier today (feb 10th). The medication worked for me, I didn&#039;t have nausea or spotting and for the most part I was okay. I think the stress of possibly being pregant was what had a real toll on my body. I was so stressed out for the past week and a half. Don&#039;t stress until you period is due, there is no point!"
"I have used this medicine. For a stap bacterial infection. Normally 9 years ago it would work rapidly and in 10 days  it would be completely gone. But it has come back several times through the years. Now with this last infection I&#039;m having to take double the dose, every 12 hours and I notice it is been hard it to get rid of. I&#039;m hoping I won&#039;t get this skin boil again because I&#039;m afraid of the antibiotics are not working  100%. What other options are there to take? But the bactrim is been my saver, til now"
"I first started the depo shot about 2 years ago. I switched from the Mirena iud because I bled constantly and sex was often very painful. Before the iud my periods were absolutely terrible with extreme cramping and back pain. For two years I loved life with no periods, no spotting and no pain then I missed a shot. I started again about a month ago and today had very dark maroon/brown spotting? Not sure what that means."
"I&#039;m only on week two and haven&#039;t really experienced any major symptoms. The patch is staying on but it seems to shift a little. It&#039;s a lot better than remembering a pill everyday. I&#039;ll post an update if anything changes."
"It was my third treatment for Hep C and I started treatment January 2012 and ended December 2012.  Incivek was invented in 2011 and was one of three medications (first two treatments was Ribavirin and Pegasys only) I was on and after 4 weeks of starting treatment, I was undetectable from the disease.  I did have problems with my hemoglobin and had to get two blood transfusions and a Procrit shot weekly (which cost me the majority of my out of pocket payment).  I have had 2 blood tests since finishing treatment and the first was undetectable and waiting for 2nd test.  My doctor said if this blood test comes up undetectable, I am cured!!  THANK GOD FOR THE INVENTION OF INCIVEK."
"I started using Belviq this May and have seen some nice gradual weight loss. The total weight loss is 27.35 pounds and I am pretty happy with that overall. Starting weight was 203 pounds 5&quot;6 and now I can start to exercise a little bit. My side effects were very minor just dry mouth and I was a little tired early on. This medicine has helped all my statistics for the better and that is more important to me and my doctor. Good luck as I will lose the the other 30 pond over the next eight months."
"Well it&#039;s been an hour and a half since my first injection by my doctor in my arm and I feel like a giddy space cadet mentally compared to the insomniatic, sleepless, suicidally depressed wreck that I&#039;ve been for decades. I started off with misdiagnosed JRA called &quot;growing pains&quot; by my inept pediatrician when i was a child and after it never cleared up I went to see a specialist at age 15 then diagnosed with JRA. It went into a remission in my late teens early twenties then crept back up badly about 6 years ago. I tried every anti-inflammatory in the book and methotrexate with no success only prednisone helped but made me a wee bit too violently insane at times. Basically it&#039;s working good so far. 10 stars for enbrel."
"Worst medication ever. You can&#039;t function after you take it and you feel terrible for days after. It&#039;s basically benadryl ( a sedating antihistamine). Does nothing for anxiety expect make you feel weird and uncomfortable then puts you to sleep. Another sorry excuse, poor man&#039;s anti anxiety med. Stay away. If your doctor prescribes they are an idiot"
"After thirty years of being overweigh/fat I am really amzed. No more diet supplements or Adkins diets etc. Long short story 12 months 44 pounds feel great. Had a little joint pain and dry mouth but that was ok  and went away in a week. I now walk four times a week eat low carbs but occasionally splurge with pizza one slice generally. Food is under my control and I feel great on all counts. Amazing for a 55 year old used to be fat lady !!!!!"
"40 years of heavy drinking until severe depression caused me to seek help. With the help of my psychologist and Campral I live again. A few minor gut type side effects but totally worth it."
"I&#039;d been on the Nor-QD pill for many years without problem.  This year my insurance changed and the pharmacy issued Sharobel in its place.  I thought it&#039;d be fine since it has the the exact same amount of NORETHINDRONE.  Wow, was I wrong!  Luckily I only got a three month supply because I am quitting this pill.
In two and half months on this pill, I&#039;ve had a period or bleeding every 5-7 days.  It&#039;s not just bleeding, I get the whole deal; cramps, lower back pain, hunger cravings, crankiness, and bloating.
My skin has broken out, I&#039;ve been super irritable/moody, and I don&#039;t understand how the side effects can be so extreme for me when I previously was on Nor-Qd for so long and experienced none of these things."
"My doctors would always give me amoxicillin.  It never did anything.  I use to have a bad bronchitis every winter.  I had one that lasted months.  My sputum turned deep brown, my middle ears were so infected I could barely hear.  And I was not a smoker then.  I called my ENT office off hours.  I got another doctor on the call.  He was older and very thorough in trying to diagnose over the phone.  He said lets try a real old drug.  It was Sulfa not the combo Bactrim.  He called the pharmacy.  A friend picked it up.  the pil was huge.  I broke it in three pieces to get down with lots of water. Tthe next day was like a miracle, I felt so much better.

It seems Sulfa is all around gold standard antibiotic for me for any infection"
"I&#039;ve been on Sertraline since march 8, I experienced horrible side effects including severe panic attacks and chronic anxiety the first couple of weeks. Right now it seem&#039;s to have stabilised my mood and functioning. I&#039;m no longer lying and bed and feeling like i&#039;m dying lol.
I&#039;m going to continue taking this medication :-)."
"End of week 4 and mild side effects like fatigue and stomach cramps. Diarrhea subsided also, I feel pretty good but couple days out the week it feels like my heart is beating slow and I feel light headed, nauseous, headache and whole body ache."
"I have had mirena for 2 years now, and I can say that its the best birth control. I had minor cramping and bleeding when it was implanted. Nothing major. I love knowing its in there and I don&#039;t have to remember to take anything. I have no periods, maybe one really light one every 8 months, I do have breast tenderness and sometimes minor cramps. I plan on having one more child within two years which I will get it taken out. It was a one time cost and nothing monthly. My insurance did cover it so I only paid 35$ co-pay. But I would have paid the full price for sure. Hope this helps!!"
"I have a history of cluster migraines and occasionally have to make a trip to the ER when they become severe. The Reglan and Toradol combination gives me 100% relief, but learned the hard way, I need Benadryl intravenously or I&#039;ll suffer what some of you have reported (anxiousness, pacing, crawling skin, inability to fall asleep,  feeling wired). Suffering from the migraine is horrible enough, you don&#039;t want the ugly side effects, ask for Benadryl and this should also help you sleep. "
"I got Tri Sprintec as a birth control but I should have gone on it a long time ago to regulate periods. I love being able to predict when I&#039;ll start bleeding and I love that it has shortened my periods (Now it is six days). 
I had been on doxycycline for acne but it conflicted with the pill so I stopped. The first month of Tri Sprintec I was worried because I didn&#039;t stop bleeding. After the first month though, I&#039;ve had no problems and no irregular bleeding. I&#039;ve been on it for half a year."
"This is a miracle pill.  Migraines used to ruin my life. I couldnt go out with friends or enjoy life.  I would be out of work.  I take this pill and within 45 minutes I am feeling great.  I even get this feeling of euphoria.  I&#039;m just thrilled my pain is over!  I never have a side effect with this medication other than being a little sleepy which I definitely don&#039;t mind at all.  I have taken many other migraine pills and this by far has the least side effects and works the best.  I am so happy I found this pill."
"I have been on Cymbalta for over 5 years and it works great when I was taking it daily but due to my husbands new job(NC) and no insurance, I had to stop taking it for awhile. NOT good!!!
I started having headaches, feeling anxious, not sleeping, very sad and no energy.
I finally was able to get some samples from my Doctor thank goodness. I have started back up on it the last few days but really feeling the side effects of it again.
Nausea, tired, feeling like I have been run over by a freight train and just ugh. Also, noticing that I am feeling like crying all the time and for no reason.
I am sure once the medicine gets back into my system, I will feel myself again, but it&#039;s frustrating having to wait. "
"I have been taking lexapro for about six months now.  I was put on it for a panic attack and mild depression.  I am someone who never takes meds unless I have too and was very worried about being on this drug because I feared the side affects when it would be time to get off.
I decided on therapy and lexapro.  I am only on ten milagrams, 39 and petite.  I can&#039;t say that this drug has caused me weight gain but if I am extra hungry I choose a healthier snack.  I will say that the first few days of taking the med I did feel tired,  and tense in my arms but I will say the panic attack attributed to that.  I am doing great I am more relaxed and happier .  Therapy is key too.  Hang in there and talk to someone!!"
"I opted the depo shot when I was 16. I was horrible at remembering to take medicine on time so I chose the shot. This is my experience. I can only speak for me.
I got the shot in May 2006. Stayed on track of the shot due to the reminder I had a Dr&#039;s appointment on such and such day. I had light, 3 day periods. Never a day longer, never a day shorter. I had no weight gain. I had no cramps. I had no breakouts. I did not experience any dizziness, shortness of breath, or headaches. I didn&#039;t lose my appetite. I had no troubles.
Then, like a genius, when I turned 18 I chose to get off the shot which was due in February. By April I had a positive pregnancy test.
Wasn&#039;t hard for my body to change from even after almost 2 years."
"I have reoccuring UTI&#039;s and have taken several different antibiotics for them.  I was recently prescribed Bactrim DS.  After taking the second pill, the aching, pain and soreness was almost gone.  It works better for me than Cipro, but you should always have a urine culture to be sure which antibiotic is best for you.  Fortunately, I haven&#039;t had any terrible side effects.  The only side effect is feeling a bit fatiqued a few hours after taking Bactrim."
"I was addicted to Heroin for almost three years. I tried everything from Suboxone to methadone to tapering and even cold turkey but Subutex was the only thing that worked. Subutex has truly saved my life."
"Although no medication completely rids my migraines (I get stroke like symptoms with my migraines) aura with numbness on right or left side- depending on side of pain, dizziness and off balance. It&#039;s absolutely horrible! But when I take Cambia right away it relives the killer pain! I still get my warning signs but the migraine passes much more quickly with this medication! It does tend to make me feel a little weird-my nerves feel over sensitive. But I got a migraine around 8am today took cambia! And on my way to work at 12:30pm! Miracle!"
"I was prescribed this today and took it tonight as a &quot;trial&quot; run as the doctor advised. For years but especially after my second psychiatric hospitalization I started having panic attacks. First I was prescribed Vistaril which did nothing. So far the generic lorazepam I&#039;m taking has worked well. I&#039;m not anxious at all, though slightly drowsy."
"This always does the trick for my ear infections. I have ear tubes and Ciprodex is far more effective than anything taken orally. I don&#039;t get side effects."
"I have been taking this pill since April 21, 2008 when I weighed myself in at 191 lbs. On April 23rd I weighed in at 187.4 lbs and today on the 25th I weigh in at 184.7 lbs. The weight is coming off real well but my concern is the weight is coming off too fast. The pill is great. Overall my goal is 170 lbs I will be there in about 2 weeks if the weight keeps coming off like this - I will update!"
"I have chronic postnasal drip. I have had no success with OTC allergy meds. My ENT decided to try generic Singulair. First night I was wide awake all night and had uncontrollable muscle tremors &amp; twitches. The next day I had headache,  stomach ache, heartburn, &amp; terribly dizzy. Next night I had difficulty sleeping, terrible vivid nightmares, night sweats . Woke with low fever, as well as all those other symptoms,  Felt teary for no reason. Thought I had the flu but when looking up if &#039;sweats &amp; nightmares&#039; are Singulair side effects. I found ALL my issues were! Tried to stay with Sigulair as I knew it was one that needs to build up, but after a week &amp; no effect on my drip it was too awful to bear any more. Was not good for me unfortunately."
"Taken after laparoscopic ovarian cyst removal with torsion. I usually can only tolerate toradol for pain due to severe vomiting that occurs with strong pain meds. I took 4 mg of Zofran 15 mins prior on a full stomach and the incision pain lessened about 20 mins later, plus no intestinal side effects. Highly recommend taking with anti nausea if your stomach can&#039;t tolerate it alone."
"This medicine works.  Without it I feel like a walking heart attack. On it I feel swell. I can&#039;t believe the difference.  I have been on it for 2 years, 2 tabs a day."
"I have severe neuropathy in my feet, legs, and hands. Now that I&#039;m on 800mg 3x a day my pain is not gone but it eases enough that I can tolerate it. I have no insurance and go to our local Health Department for. medicine so the Gabapentin is my only pain reliever. Thanks for this medication."
"Hi, I had started minoxidil 5 on 19th Jun along with dutasteride and follihair tablets. The results as on date i.e., 9th aug are visible specially on temples. Plenty of small brown hairs on both sides and on the forehead hairline. I am using it twice a day (Minza), 5 sprays each and taking the other medicines once daily. 

In the mid, I used Tugain but because of the alcohol content it reacted badly on my skin, given rashes and swelling on face. Now, I&#039;m back on &#039;Minza 5 - No alcohol&#039; and this is fab. No sideeffects, except a bit of scalp irritation. 

If one need, I can share the pics as well."
"On my 4th shot. I have had a lot of muscle pain, especially in my left leg. Major spasms. Doctors think it is a slight bulging disk, but they have never seen this type pain with a bulging disk. Still not sure if it is associated with Repatha. Anyone else had this kind of pain?"
"At first I was afraid to take this pill because of it&#039;s side effects, and it was my first time. In order to regulate my long lasting periods, I&#039;d taken Loestrin. I&#039;ve been on the pill for a little over a week. And it has stopped my period, but I did get an yeast infection. I&#039;m a tad bit more emotional than usual, but aren&#039;t all women that way? Overall, I like it so far."
"Worse birth control that I have ever been on. I am 30 and started taking Orsythia to help with pain before and during my period.  Shortly after starting, my face started to break out all over and then two weeks later I went to the ER for chest pain. Xrays and an EKG say that I&#039;m fine and the doc said that it could be inflammation causing the pain.  My breathing is all over the place now when I exercise, I feel nauseous and want to vomit most of the time and now I&#039;m getting anxiety from all of this.  I have three more pills until my period but I&#039;m no longer going to take them. Setting up a doc appointment to get this cleared up."
"Zoloft treated my symptoms very well. The only problem was my inability to ejaculate. Need less to say, I had to discontinue this medication due to this side effect."
"I took this medicine while I was pregnant, it was difficult in the 1st 2 weeks. I had a lot of anxiety and I went to sleep really fast but after that the medicine worked perfectly and I was very happy with it. My baby was born full term and very healthy but now I&#039;m nursing and I had to stop taking Latuda, that was a bad idea. I feel horrible right now, I need to go back on the medicine."
"I was prescribed 300 MG in the early stages of Shingles, for what I don&#039;t know. Since the Shingles kept getting worse, they changed my prescription. It started out as an &quot;ear infection&quot;. It didn&#039;t do anything for or to me. Crazy....."
"I love Klonopin. When I was going through an extremely hard custody case with my ex husband, my doctor prescribed the Klonopin. She scheduled it up to 3 times a day.  I used it too. It helped me face my fears and stand up for myself for once. Once that was over she scheduled it on 1.0mg as needed up to.3 time&#039;s a day. I still have the script. I do use the Klonopin only when I&#039;m in a situation that I need help relaxing. I know I need it at those times. When I take it, I would feel great. If I didn&#039;t need it but thought I did, all it would do is make me tired. It&#039;s been 3 years of PRN Klonopin &amp; I know when I need it and when I don&#039;t. For those who feel this could be abused, my response is if the person really needs it, Misuse wouldn&#039;t happen"
"Have suffered intense hot flushes up to 20 times a day/night for the past 5 years am 49 years old and they were really affecting my life. I am unable to take HRT and was prescribed gabapentin by my GP gradually increasing the dose up to 400mg 3 x a day my hot flashes have reduced by 90% still having the odd one which is much milder than before so hardly notice it at all. This medicine to be honest has given me back my life I feel like a new woman. Sometimes I feel a bit lightheaded on these tablets but nothing to bad and now sleep like a baby. If you are considering giving these a try don&#039;t hesitate."
"I tried to quit on many occasions prior to using Zyban. My friend who smoked 2 packs a day quit using this drug which totally amazed me. I am a very cheap person and when a carton of generic cigarettes went up to $15.00 (which by todays prices is cheap, but not then) I swore I had wasted enough money harming my lungs. I started Zyban and set my quit date for 2 weeks. On the last day before that date, I was sitting around and realized I had not had a cigarette all day, and I haven&#039;t had one since. That was 19 years ago. I would highly recommend Zyban to quit smoking now before any more damage is done to your lungs. The cost of the medicine is no more than the cost of a carton of cigarettes for a month."
"I recentaly got an ear piercing called a snug. It became so infected I had to see an ENT. He prescribes me Bactrim and I have been on it for 4 days. He had to drain my ear, and it hurt a lot. I just came home from my second appointment, and he took out the packing he put in from draining it, and just put a band aid over it and told me to compress hot water over it for a while. Bactrim has given me no side effects, and it works amazingly."
"I have to say I didnt beleive when i heard this worked inmediately.....I am usually very regular but after 6 days of constipation I was in hell, being bloaded and gassy is not the most pleasant feeling. So after 3 days of looking at the bottle i was still afraid it would taste like cough medicine but i was desperate so just drank it.... no bad!tastes like soda.... so drank half of the 10 oz  bottle n then a bottle of water after 1 hour felt nothing but nausea since i drank it on an empty stomach at 9am....30 mins after i drank another 1/4... 1 hr later i thought maybe hot coffee will help.... i didnt even finish my coffee when i felt ready... so 1 hr n 30 mins for me!no cramps or anything.... better than pills! this stuff is magic"
"This drug has turned down the volume on a lot of my voices. Which is great. I sleep better and take more naps during the day. Also notice my appetite increased which is where I think people mean they gain weight on this med. I just exercise an hour a day. My mood is kinda flat lined."
"The Paraguad was a nightmare! I wish someone told me of copper toxicity! I had the Paraguad in for 2 years after having my youngest son. I broke out with bad cystic acne all over my face. I bled every time I had sexual intercourse. I would cramp during my period and I never cramp before the IUD. Also I would beep going through a metal detector in the federal building when I never beeped prior to getting the Paraguard! Such a relief getting it removed. My face cleared but I now have the scars on my face to remind me of the torture I was putting my body through just using that."
"It is a wonder drug for me it saved my life. It is so worth taking if you use as doctor tells you and finish the program. And must have the will to stop opiates."
"I have been taking Tyvaso for approximately 6 months now and haven&#039;t had any adverse effects.  There are side effects of the medicine, of course, which include cough, sore throat, hoarseness, and occasional headaches and muscle ache, but overall it is worth it for me."
"I got my nexplanon may 14th 2015... The insertion wasn&#039;t as bad as I thought but when I got the shot to numb my arm , it burned pretty bad. After , I bruised for a week and could not hold anything heavy in my hand without my hand shaking and the item falling for about 3 days. I kept the gauze wrapped for much longer then 3 days. Once I removed it , I bruised again. (Then again I have a fairly light complexion) The week after I had constant headaches (I almost never get headaches) and frequent break outs, and mood swings especially with the implant and my period combined. One moment I&#039;m mad and the other I&#039;m laughing about it. But it&#039;s been almost 3 weeks and I no longer have headaches or break outs other then I normally used to have. But I have been having that &quot;end of the period blood&quot; for six days now. Extremely annoying!  The on the edge anger still remains but I think it&#039;s helped me speak my mind more easily lol I&#039;m 19 and could never get past 120 lbs. , I now weigh 135. And I&#039;m so excited for the weight gain, just hope it&#039;s not excessive!!!! Oh and I do feel bloated and tired sometimes..but I gave it a 9 for not having to remember the pill and 99% effectiveness towards not getting pregnant"
"I suffered from multiple sinus infections several times a year.  Since taking Zyrtec on a regular basis I have been sinus trouble free for over a year.  THANK YOU ZYRTEC!"
"Not that bad, really.  The lemony salty drink is best taken in the smallest cold 8 oz glass you can find.  I think it helps psychologically.  I tried it first in a big glass and thought I&#039;d never finish.  A small 8 oz juice glass is easy to slug down.  I think it also helps to pour the stuff into the glass and chill it so it&#039;s as cold as possible. Take a slug of warm water and swish it in your mouth immediately after to remove the lingering taste.  I got into a routine.  Drink, wait about 5 minutes, head to the loo and repeat.  Wasn&#039;t as bad as the stuff they sprayed in my throat just before the endoscopy.  So man up and get it over with."
"Been on Latuda now for about a month.  I&#039;ve had no side effects and definitely feel much better.  Haven&#039;t had any episodes and my depression has subsided.  Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I&#039;ve only been using Brintellix for 1 week but I am very pleased! After trying nearly everything out there with little to no benefit, and many many side effects - the first week on Brintellix has made me very hopeful that it continues to work!!"
"I have been on Seasonique for 2 weeks. I love this pill although I haven&#039;t been on it very long, I have noticed my increased sex drive with my husband. I haven&#039;t had any symptoms other then some spotting that happened once. I would definitely recommend this pill to every woman."
"Worked like a charm, no problems associated with taking these injections, I took it for several years often experiencing lengthy periods of remission
After reading the side effects of other drugs, the side effects of the gold injections seem to be of similar risk"
"I&#039;ve had bipolar for 10 years, and just recently (last 2 months) switched to Lamictal and am experiencing no side effects.   In the past, I have been on Depakote (5 years, bad blood counts) so switched to Lithium (tremors and shakes), and am now on Lamictal/Geodon."
"I love Paragard! I had Skyla before this and Paragard has been SO much better. From the moment I got Skyla, I had nonstop cramps and bleeding. It was like I could constantly feel it even though my doctor insisted it was in the correct spot. I was scared to get Paragard b/c I thought it would be the same but it hasn&#039;t been at all! After the first few days I stopped cramping and bleeding and can no longer feel it at all. Before you get it, I would strongly recommend asking your doctor for Misoprostol to make the insertion less painful. I had it for Skyla but not Paragard and the insertion process was a lot worse."
"I was diagnosed with Barrett&#039;s Esophagus six years ago, and regularly used Prilosec for the past 8 years, but I occasionally still had severe heartburn.  Like the last post, I too was prescribed a higher and higher dose until I was taking 4-6 pills a day, still getting occasional heartburn.  Last year I started taking only 40 mg per day of Pantoprazole, and I seldom (less than once a month when I get careless with food and/or alcohol) have had heartburn at all.  I highly recommend asking your doctor about this medication, if you suffer from long term frequent heartburn and Prilosec no longer sees to work as well."
"I&#039;ve had migraines on and off for over a decade, and they&#039;re increasing with perimenopause. My new doctor had me try generic Topamax, starting with 25 mg for the first week, then increase to 100 mg, half in the morning and half in the evening. The first week went all right, though I had a migraine all through it. I had a second prescription for Sumatriptan to help. But 100 mg was... horrid. Tired, could hardly get out of bed, brain fog, physical fatigue (very evident at the gym), thirsty. After only 2 weeks I&#039;m tapering off and seeing my doctor again to try something else."
"My experience. Man I&#039;ve used heroin since I was 16 years old. Finally found suboxone 7 years ago. Started at three 8 mg strips a day. I still used here and there. Two years ago I was put on zubsolv having weaned myself a lil over the years I was put on an 8.6 a day equal to a 12 and never used since being on it. I feel great, make 80 grand a year, have no side effects besides my teeth but now have implants. The world is an awesome place. Zubsolv saved me. I was still using 4 out of 7 days with the strips now I won&#039;t even answer my phone to old drug friends. It&#039;s a whole new life"
"I have chronic lower lumbar pain from a bone disorder that affects mostly my lower back. Pain can be excruciating at times. I was taking the tramadol 50 mg tablets for a few years they helped some but I had to take more and more of them. My doctor put me on the tramadol ER tablets so I take 1 tablet a day. It is great. With one 300 mg tablet a day I can function fine. It gives great pain relief."
"During college, I did have a prescription for medication such as a few SSRIs epression and anxiety. I felt these drugs offered some relief from my depression; but they did little to nothing for my anxiety, and in fact I side effects that were unwanted (sexual, loss of interest in stuff, etc). I became interested in SJW after it was mentioned on a bodybuilding form as a supplement some people were taking. I read it helps with depression, and was generally regarded as safe, so I bought a bottle of the pills and took one. Within one hour, I immediately noticed a more &#039;calming&#039; feeling. Considering it placebo, I ignored it. A week later, the effects are stable. Depression is gone, and anxiety is significantly lower."
"My mother and sister both suffered migranes. I am a 62 year old male who has had migranes/tension headaches almost as long as I can remember, even while serving in Vietnam. Years ago I carried an Imitrex self-injector so I could give myself a shot at work if needed. Fioricet has been the best thing I have found, even better than stronger medications. I do now have to take 4 tablets in a dosage after all these years, but some tolerance is bound to happen after 20 years."
"It works quite well, just as the litterature contained herein suggests...!"
"About and hour and a half after taking one Mucinex DM I developed severe dizziness, drowsiness,  bad intestinal cramps, vomiting and diarrhea that recurred over a period of 2 hours.  It was the only medication in my system."
"This pill was perfection the 1st year I was on it. Then over the past few months my PMDD got bad, I started breaking out, spotting between periods, migraines started kicking in and crazy mood swings. Overall nice pill that prevents pregnancy. The 1st year I was on this was great with no side effects and a period that was light and lasted one day out of the month was awesome. I wish the bad side effects never started because I loved this pill."
"CAUTION!  Used tramadol 50 mg for back pain. Started with 1 tab couple of days/wk, eventually up to a tab/day, finally tab/day and 2 tabs/day a couple days/week. Withdrawal would kick in about 18-24 hrs after last dose. Lethargy, tired, felt like the flu. Took tab, w/in an hour felt great. Read about this as potential problem, began to wean myself off. Took several months. Every step down resulted in above withdrawal symptoms (but worse), and the most horrible part was the restless body (RLS, but all over) at night when trying to sleep. Felt ready to explode. After taking 1/4 tab/day for weeks, used some leftover partial valium tabs to finally break free from tramadol.  Avoid tramadol if at all possible - withdrawal is absolutely horrible."
"I would recommend this medication to anyone. My doctor advised me of the side effects, but I really wanted to quit. I have smoked for 22 years and I have a new grandson in the house. The only side effect I had was constipation, but it was something I could deal with. Always take this medication just after a meal so you wont feel sick. I learned that the first week. I have been quit for 34 days and I have been off the medication for 1 week. It suggests a 12 week treatment but I knew I was ready. All of the anxiety, mood swings and insomnia come along with nicotine withdrawals, but this medication makes them so much easier to tolerate. Hang in there, the first three days is the worst, but if you make it a week, don&#039;t turn back. GOOD LUCK."
"Rapaflo taken at bedtime has reduced night time urination dramatically. Daytime, not so much but I do drink regular coffee so that is an influence. Not too happy with my ejaculations while on this medicine. Orgasm is minimal in intensity and almost no semen. The ejaculate seems to be going to my bladder since it shows up when I pee. No problems with erection or performance."
"I and 3 other family members that have low thyroid and all  have found this works best. However at this time we are unable to get any and have been put on Synthroid."
"I was taking Oxycontin after 2 shoulder surgeries, then I was in a bad auto accident. Even upping me to 80mg 2 x daily wasn&#039;t enough. My doctor suggested the Oxyfast for breakthrough pain, so I tried it. This was the only combination that took away all my pain, so I could work and care for my family. Then Oxyfast was removed from the market and my doctor put me on roxicodone. It doesn&#039;t work nearly as fast as the Oxyfast which worked in under 10 minutes, this takes 30 minutes and works almost as well. At 29 yrs old I thought my life was over, but these medications gave me my life back. If it wasn&#039;t for these medications I don&#039;t know where I&#039;d be now (10 yrs later). I have kidney and liver function tests done 2 times a year with no changes from day one."
"I was on Nuvaring for just over a year. On September 15, 2016 I was admitted to the hospital for a blood clot in my leg. I do not smoke nor did I do anything to injure myself for this clot to appear. It went to my lung as well. My doctor immediately told me to discontinue the Nuvaring. And I can no longer take anything with hormones in it. Fast forward to the beginning of November, I discovered a lump in my breast. After ultrasounds and mammograms and surgical biopsy, On December 8, 2016, at 34 years old,  I was diagnosed with Invasive Lobular Carcinoma, a type of breast cancer. Just saw my primary doctor today (01/18/2017). She believes the blood clots and the cancer are all related to the Nuvaring. Breast cancer does not run in my family."
"Love this Birth Control. I have been on it for a few years now, and take the pill consecutivly so i don&#039;t get my period (doctors orders) because my endo pain is so bad. i do have cramps once in a while, and some break through bleeding still. i have gained weight, but not sure if it&#039;s from the pill or just a different lifestyle (in college now / eating on campus). Overall, it has improved my quality of life because it has helped with my endometriosis about 95%. I don&#039;t mind gaining some weight if i don&#039;t ever have to experience my endo pain again. Very pleased!!"
"Have minor ED and have tried Viagra, Levitra and now Stendra.  I like Stendra best as there is very minimal side effect and it does it&#039;s job.  I am cutting a 100mg pill, so I am able to get by on $3 per dose."
"I cut off the meaty part of the palm of my hand and when I went to the doctor, I didn&#039;t think to bring that part with me.  It would not stop bleeding and it had to be treated like it was a bad burn, since there was no skin to cover the wound up. The doctor had me put silver sulfadiazine on my hand and it worked like a miracle. I must admit that my husband is a welder and when he gets a welding burn, we use this cream for those and it works fantastic!!"
"I love Avelox.  Every winter, I am sick for months.  I spend thousands of dollars on doctor visits, blood tests, chest x-rays. We go through rounds and rounds of antibiotics.  I used to have great success with Augmentin, but it doesn&#039;t work anymore.  Levaquin did the job one year, but hasn&#039;t been effective since.

Last year, I combed the internet and found people like me that had success with Avelox.  After one dose, I was feeling better (after being sick for 3 months).  It completely knocked out the infection and I was back on my feet the very next day.  I&#039;ve been sick for 3 weeks and took my first dose of Avelox yesterday.  I am already feeling better.  I am so thankful for this medication."
"I&#039;m 17 years old and have been battling awful cystic acne for about 10 years. As I&#039;ve aged, it&#039;s only worsened, which I&#039;m assuming is due to an influx in hormones. At first, doctors misdiagnosed me as having eczema. When I was finally diagnosed with cystic acne, my doctor prescribed tetracycline. I was on it for about 1 year, at age 14-15, and it helped a little, but not drastic changes. I noticed that it started turning my teeth brown, as if I&#039;d eaten chocolate and didn&#039;t drink anything or brush my teeth afterwards. I was prescribed minocycline (Minocin) instead. It has helped my acne tremendously, but it is still turning my teeth brown, which is not flattering nor attractive, especially for a girl my age with dating and all."
"I have been taking 30 mg once daily for the last month. It&#039;s definitely doing something. I&#039;ve broken out everywhere and I mean everywhere. Huge, gross, cystic and nodular pimple. BUT my dermatologist said that it has to get better before it gets worse. Where my skin isn&#039;t being overran by grossness you can tell that it is clearing up and looking healthier. Tomorrow I will start my new dosage of 40 mg twice daily(the first month you start with 30 a day and then after that my dermo said they figure it out with your body weight) Side effects: pretty bad chapped lips, dry wrists and arms, also always in the bathroom cause I&#039;ve been drink between a gallon and half to two gallons of water a day."
"I seemed to catch everything while I was on this rx. First it was a really bad cold, next I could not seem to heal from surgery for deviated septum - my ENT was stumped, then later I caught the flu while the rest of my family seemed fine. Also during this 6 month period I had a couple of sinus infections. Eventually, I knew something was very wrong. I started searching the Internet for immunity issues and topiramate, and I got a couple of hits from blogs where women about my age (40s) claimed that topiramate had wrecked their immunity. Alas, my search (and problem) was over because I knew exactly what they meant by &quot;wrecked my immunity&quot;. Within a few short weeks of ceasing the use of topiramate, my health returned.  Please beware!"
"I have been on an SSRI journey since I was 21 years old and am now 43. I was abruptly taken off of Paxil which was an absolute nightmare. However, I was consoled by the fact that Prozac was replacing it and have read that Prozac can actually be used to treat Paxil withdrawal. I am about seven weeks in and I feel like this might have been the right drug for me all along. My mood is level (if not maybe too up for brief periods) however my anxiety is way down and I find myself coming to be on a first name basis with all of the retail people I see on a very regular basis! This is huge for me as I have a thirty year history of social and generalized anxiety.

That being said, I am working as well with CBT and I think more importantly meditation."
"About a year after having my daughter my lower back and hips started hurting so bad (mostly from carrying her around) that I couldn&#039;t sleep.  Advil worked great! One pill and I slept all night."
"I have been on Lo Estrin 24 Fe or Minastrin 24 Fe for over 5 years now. Overall, I have had no problems with it. At first, I did gain some weight, but I was just entering high school at the time so it may not have been just from the birth control. Before, I had very irregular periods - with them coming about every 2 weeks and they were extremely heavy. Now I get my period every month at the same time for about 2-3 days and they are very light periods. Before birth control, I had a few cysts on my ovaries, which is why I was originally put on the pill and I have not had one in the last 5 years. I have never had acne either on or off the pill. I get very little cramps each month - usually only lasting a day."
"Just had to put the comment in here that the reviews posted had me extremely nervous about the insertion and while I cannot express my opinion about this device long term the insertion did not hurt AT ALL. It was placed during my period and I took about 4 advils before the procedure...I&#039;m 26 and have 2 children."
"I&#039;ve found it very helpful."
"I have been on the Depo for 13 yrs and it has been great no periods not even spotting but I did however gain a lot of weight and I have experienced headaches but I just stopped because I have been on it to long, it will cause bone loss I probably experienced a lot of the side effects but nothing worse then bleeding and cramping for months at a time I would have definitely go back to it if I could."
"I&#039;ve been on Depakote for 11 years and it&#039;s worked pretty good. I was on Zarontin as well for a few years but I stopped that about six years ago. Just Depakote ER since then and I&#039;ve only had 1 grand mal seizure. Works pretty well. "
"I started taking this about 3 weeks ago and now I must say I love it! I have my sleep back, I go to bed at a normal time and wake up early and refreshed. The first few days I was groggy waking up, but once my body got used to it I never want to stop taking it. I used to have insomnia bad, once I couldn&#039;t get to sleep for days because of it. I take 50 mg of Trazodone and 1 mg of Risperdal for my racing thoughts and 40 mg of Celexa for my depression (all at bedtime) and this combination is really working well for me, I love it!"
"I&#039;m 5&#039;4&quot; 45 years old, started at 225, took other meds got to 212, doc put me on these to help with cravings, and just being hungry all the time , started Dec 18th, I probably gained some over Christmas, this morning I&#039;m 208, no major issues, definitely has helped being hungry, and cravings, on 2:1, Friday I&#039;ll move to full dose. I am more regular so no constipation, or diarrhea. I did wake up a few nights with heart palpitations, but I think it was from eating dark chocolate. Only reason I&#039;m not giving it a 10 is I&#039;m not on full dose, or long enough to know if it will stay this effective for me."
"I have been using Welchol for several years since I cannot take statins.  I have had no problem with memory loss.  The ONLY side effect I have suffered is occasional constipation that is easily relieved with adequate fluid intake and fiber supplements.  It, in conjunction with my dietary changes, is keeping my cholesterol down adequately ."
"I could not find one cream, scrub, or cleanser that worked. I tried Benzaclin and it cleared my face up within a month and haven&#039;t had a break out since. It&#039;s amazing! I love it!"
"Was on Lexapro, but I was always tired. Finally I asked for something else with a little extra and I got Pristiq. Love it! Don&#039;t stop immediately though...withdrawals are really bad. Tightens my jaw, but other than that! It&#039;s amazing."
"I feel the need to write this review as I read so many negative reviews online of Cymbalta before I started taking it, and they really freaked me out. However, while I cannot negate what others have said as I know this type of medication varies for almost everyone, Cymbalta has been really great for me! I have mysterious chronic pain for over two years now, and after trying so many different things to lessen it (other medications, chiropractic, PT, supplements, acupuncture, stretching, icing....the list goes on), this has been the only thing that has really helped me. My pain hasn&#039;t gone away fully, but Cymbalta has made my life a lot easier. I have experienced no side effects so far."
"I took Plan B after a... mishap. I was a little nervous, since I had never taken hormonal birth control. I had a slight bit of nausea, tiredness, and dizziness shortly after taking the pill, but no other side effects. I got my period about a week later, so it worked. It wasn&#039;t heavier or more painful than normal."
"my child is almost 12 months and her doctor told me to get this medicine, my child has been awake for about 14 hours straight. so i would recommend no matter what your childs doctor says GO BY THE LABEL!"
"Simbrinza dropped eye pressure from 34 to 14 at 4 week check.  I have experienced no side effects from this medication"
"I had horrible mucositis during my first round of chemo. I was hospitalized for 30  days. Neutrasal mouth rinse has kept me from ever getting a big outbreak of those awful sores again. Neutrasal has been a &quot;miracle&quot; product for me."
"I have lost 5 pounds on this drug Tramadol.  I was on a weight loss journey and had lost 65 pounds on my own but as of recently, I have struggled with the last 40 until I started taking the Tramadol.  It will suppress your appetite and help with food cravings. I believe this drug is a great aid for losing weight if one uses it appropriately. This drug was not prescribed for depression nor weight loss but it is killing two birds with one stone in my life."
"Update to my other review.  The Dr&#039;s office was able to get things straightened out and I was able to get Synjardy for free with the discount card after all.  I have been on it for about 9 months now.  I have lost around 30lbs, my A1C went from 11.5 at diagnosis to 6.2 at my last Dr&#039;s visit and could probably be better if I didn&#039;t forget my afternoon dosage all the time.  Average fasting BS went from 280&#039;s to 110&#039;s. I wish I could stay on this forever as it has worked great for me, but I&#039;m sure the discount card program will end at some point. Have noticed increased urination, but nothing too terrible. My dosage is the 5mg-500mg pill twice a day."
"I was diagnosed with epilepsy when I was 12 years old (I am now 27). I have been on lamotrigine and topirimate (separately) in the past, and they both worked to control my seizures.  
This year My neurologist has changed and she wanted me to try keppra but I was happy on the topirimate so I said no until I had a grand mal seizure. However, the seizures have got worse since taking the keppra plus the side effects are awful. At the start I was so tired I spent all day asleep. After the dosage has increased to 3000mg per day I have started to get mood swings, anger, depression, irritability, plus suicidal thoughts and have become a completely different person - I never used to cry but now I don&#039;t stop."
"I took this medicine for both my depression and anxiety.

In the first week I had a really dry mouth and was lightheaded and couldn&#039;t really concentrate on anything but that passed.

It just about cured my anxiety; I can&#039;t even express how grateful I am. While being on it (after the initial 6 wk period), the only time I really suffered from anxiety was in situations where any NORMAL person would start getting anxious and it never escalated to the point of tears and having to lock myself in a bathroom.

As for the depression, it helped a lot but after 18 months of being on the maximum dose, I guess my body has built up a tolerance to it and I now need to change over to something else. I&#039;ve gone back to crying every day. Was great while it lasted."
"Today was my third colonoscopy; so almost a veteran.  First the good part:  this stuff is easy to use, no bad (but not good) taste, no side effects (no vomiting, headache etc), no abnormal discomfort and produced the desired results (no detail necessary) in a reasonably quick time.  The desired results were accomplished such that the doctor commented how squeaky clean my colon was.
The slight downsides: 
- the split dose required doing this whole thing twice, including getting up at 2:30am (and of course not even thinking about going back to sleep right away) for a 7:30 am appointment.
-numerous trips to the bathroom for several hours after each of the two packets of stuff and fluids.  
-out of pocket cost was $120, seems EXCESSIVE"
"My dermatologist told me to not expect results right away. He was wrong. I have been using this for 4 days and already see a big improvement in the size of my pores, and have not got a new pimple since. I have high hopes for Acanya gel."
"I had unprotected sex a few days before my period and took plan b the same day. I was freaking out from reading all these crazy reviews and stories of it not working. It worked for me I&#039;m over 185 lbs and over the &quot;weight limit&quot; for effeftiveness. 2 days after the pill I had severe cramps and threw up, then the next day more cramps and a very heavy clotted period. Then a normal period the next month. Personally it worked for me but I took it the same day."
"Just want to share my experience. I had unprotected sex twice on &quot;high fertility &quot; ovulation days ( very dumb I know ) took a plan b approx 60 hours after the incident two weeks late I got a very short (two day) period which was odd my period is usally 3-4 .following month I got my period on time &amp; full force . The pill does work ladies and I was ovulating at the time."
"I have been on tegretol for seven years now,I still have general pain with the occasional flair up of unbearable pain that I had before taking this medication.  I am also on a high dose of folic acid as I became very anemic, this caused tiredness.  It was just by chance I was diagnosed with TN after being in extreme pain for over 6 months, many doctors and tests one specialist just said it could be this, let&#039;s try this drug it may not work but if it does we are on the right track.  To be honest with you if she said I needed to cut off a limb to ease the pain at that point I would have asked for the knife.  I was miserable the pain was unbearable and so was I.  I do feel it is not working as well after all these years may be due for review."
"I find the drug good, my doses go up and down depending on how I am feeling. I have put on weight at 225mg and I was told that you are not supposed to exceed 225mg. I will go back down to 150mg for the summer. I usually go up in the winter months."
"I used Accutane for 3 months and my skin was flawless. Literally one of the best decisions of my life. My doctor told me not to drink but it was my senior year of high school so I still drank a lot on it. I seemed to get drunk quicker. I hope my liver is okay! My skin cleared up then it came back when I got to college, whenever I was stressed I would breakout, but whatever it&#039;s still better than it used to be."
"I never had an allergic reaction until I took this medication, now I learned the hard way I&#039;m allergic to sulfa drugs. After one dose I had a lot the serious side effects: high fever, intense stomach pain, insomnia, hallucinations, anxiety, non-stop chills/shaking, vomiting, rash. Needless to say I ended up in the hospital for 3 days. I think my that you need to be careful when taking the drug and be aware of all the serious side effects."
"It doesn&#039;t work, this drug is a pharmaceutical scam to get money out of scared young women. Everyone who says it works likely would not have ended up pregnant whether they took the pill or not.  There is a very small window of time where pregnancy can occur and when taken during that time the pill will not work. My experience with it is this...unprotected sex, took plan b 8 hours later, ovulated the day after that, got pregnant with twins and miscarried both twins (one at 5 weeks one at 7 weeks). It&#039;s impossible to say whether the miscarriage was caused by the pill but I think it was. I knew I was pregnant before I got a + pregnancy test but I also knew something was wrong from the beginning, it all felt different then my prior pregnancies."
"I smoked for over 43 years &amp; have quit numerous times it took a cancer scare to convince me to get serious about quitting I visited the doctor to get a prescription for chantix,the nicotine patch I used both products. The patch was used for 60 days,and the pill for an additional 90 days so far I have been smoke free for the past 2 years yes I experienced some of those side effects but I worked through them. I thank the makers of chantix for my successful 2 years."
"I had worked with Veterans who used to have back problems and had been on muscle relaxants. They had been using alcohol for years. I used to substitute the much stronger muscle relaxants with Baclofen with their Primary Care Doctors approval.
Results were great! My patients had double benefts: back pain/ spasm control and Alcohol consumption control.Some of them stop drinking , other continued use alcohol socially without problems,discovering the life again.
 I am happy hearing that people find Baclofen being helpful.
Good luck to guys.
Merry Christmas and Happy 2015!"
"My best friend had just got the Nexplanon put in 2 days ago...she is still getting use to it. She thinks now that she got the Nexplanon that she can have sex with her boyfriend with out condoms.  She told him that he can finish inside her with out getting pregnant is this true????? I would love to know because I am very worried about her and would love for her to look into it some more before doing anything."
"I am amazed.  After several months of acute pain, I felt better within a couple of days.  I love this medication."
"So, I would like to start by saying that I&#039;m a 28-year-old female, about 150 lbs. and I&#039;m usually VERY regular. I went from Friday-Sunday with NO bowel movements and felt the need to take this medication. I took it at 5:30 PM with two glasses of water and I was relieved for the first time at 12:30 AM. I then went to the restroom three more times, the last time being at 7:30 AM. Each time I went was like Harry on Dumb &amp; Dumber LOL. I will say that I did not experience any major side effects, as other people are stating. I think the main thing is drinking water. I drank TWO full glasses with the two pills that I took. I then drank water as the night went on. I only felt a little crampy right before I went to the restroom and then I was fine."
"Been using Paxil for about 20 years, 15 mg daily. I suffered from lifelong depression and anxiety and can attest that Paxil probably saved my life as I contemplated suicide seriously on multiple occasions before taking the drug.

It&#039;s good about 100% for depression, maybe 75% effective against Anxiety. If I miss it for 2-3 days I start feeling down in the dumps again. 

The side effects that some posters noted above are usually only temporary. Over time they all disappear-I had several of them in the beginning as well-not a big deal.

Love this drug."
"I started getting anxiety my first year of college. I had previously had mild anxiety, but it was not as debilitating. I was constantly worrying what others thought about me and had obsessive thoughts. I started on 10mg of lexapro and it completely changed my outlook on life. I did not realize how fun life could be before I lived it without the looming cloud of anxiety. It also helped tremendously with anxiety surrounding the intrusive thoughts. Some things that WORSENED my anxiety while on lexapro were birth control pills (hormone imbalance worsens anxiety) and hard alcohol. I take 1/2 tsp inositol powder (a type of vitamin) and probiotics that seem to help my anxiety and depression in addition to the lexapro."
"Have been using Metrocream for a week now and my rosacea is much worse then prior to using the cream. I had only redness but within days of using as I had a flare up and got bumps which got progressively worse and spreading. I tried putting a bit of Metrocream on a section of skin with no rosacea and within days had redness and rash pop up. It may be an allergic reaction but either way it I&#039;m trashing Metrocream and seeking out more natural remedies and solutions."
"Side effects are nausea, inability to eat, dry mouth, however, as a grad student, this is an excellent medicine to take for focusing in studying and on exams.  However, when I am in the clinic I do not take it."
"I was sick for several weeks. I assumed it was sinusitis again.  I became more tired and feeling progressively worse. We had our annual physicals scheduled which was fortunate. I had pneumonia. I was given 7 days/750 Levaquan. The drug is very effective in clearing the infection. The easiest way to avoid sleepliness or disrupted sleep is to take in A.M. Given the efficacy of the drug, and the ability to minimize any annoying side effects, it is a good choice. While side effects are troublesome for some the results of untreated pneumonia can be far worse."
"I have been on the generic version of Wellbutrin XL since July 1, 2015. It took about a week for me to notice any change but it was definitely for the better. I started to feel like my old self again. Happy, fun, energetic, and social. Every once in a while I still have a bad day but it&#039;s much more manageable now. I haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects and have actually lost 30lbs since I started taking it. Overall, I am doing much better now that I am on Wellbutrin."
"This is a great birth control method, at least for me anyway. I&#039;ve seen a lot of negative reviews that scared me into getting it. I&#039;m so happy I decided to get the Nexplanon. The insertion was nothing. Just a little stinging from the needle they numb your arm with. My arm bruised pretty bad but they are yellowing now. Sometimes when I move my arm a certain way I feel a slight pinch but I imagine it&#039;ll go away eventually since the area is still sensitive. So far no side effects. I lost a lb, no acne, no headaches and I haven&#039;t bled or spotted. Try it ladies! Don&#039;t be scared. Remember most people take the time to write negative reviews."
"I went to E R with a Migraine I had had for about 4 days. I was given this medication. I was in so much pain. I was so Anxious. I told them I was still in pain. My blood pressure was going up and down. I will never let the give this to me again. I was there 6 hours and let with no relief. I felt like I was tortured . Reglan and Benadryl"
"I suffer from slow transit constipation and can go three weeks without a movement. Dulcolax is the only laxative I have found to work but it&#039;s one hell of a ride. I&#039;ve had two babies and the pain caused by dulcolax at times will rival labour. It&#039;s not always that bad, stomach cramps are a given as its a stimulant laxative but holy Jesus the sweats, shakes, palpitations and dizziness that can happen are an experience.
10/10 for effectiveness.....
Take a deep breath and remember in a few hours it will all be over"
"Used a new soap and it threw my pH off. Was at work when I got an insanely uncomfortable feeling. Bought monistat1-day on my way home. By the next morning I was relieved of my symptoms."
"I got diagnosed after numerous tests.  I researched it and new I had Multiple Sclerosis, but Neuro just had to keep doing tests for months.  I would get double vision about once a month and my stomach and left leg would go numb a lot.  Finally was diagnosed and got on Copaxone and zero flare ups for 4 years. I also take multivitamin and 8000 IU of vitamin D per day. Get on Copaxone and take vitamin D if you get diagnosed."
"&quot;I was recently placed on this medication for chronic pain due to a cyst on my lower spine. All the comments are true. Medication packet you will need scissors, wet buccal area of mouth and doesn&#039;t adhere as directed, doesn&#039;t dissolve, sticks to teeth, end up swallowing it. As for the pain, it remains. Very expensive with no rx coverage for Belbuca. Phone number on the card and brochure from my doctor, inaccurate, and one month free trial and reduced rate doesn&#039;t apply to me. Tried to get renewal from office but they are strict on pickup dates for Rx&#039;s, claimed I didn&#039;t call for renewal and once I was halfway home oh here it is. The pharmacy did not even carry it. I had to go back. So what do I do? I had most of side effects and withdrawal."
"I literally developed anxiety and intrusive thoughts over night. I kept telling myself that it was a phase, i was stressed, it will pass, 11 months later this was not the case.I tried all the natural remedies there are, and had no permeant relief. I felt so alone, as i hated telling the people i love how i was feeling inside, as it was so unlike me. I finally started taking Sertaline, and have been on it for 5 weeks now, the first 4 weeks I saw a MASSIVE improvement, it was such a relief, and i experienced no side affects, apart from slight difficulty reaching orgasm, im feeling my anxiety creep back in however, not sure if its just a blip or if i should put up my dose from 50mg. Im going to speak to my doctor but has anybody else had this?"
"So, I took the pill for a year before considering getting an IUD. I asked my gynaecologist about my options for an IUD and he recommended Skyla since I have never given birth. It was free with my insurance. If you don&#039;t have health insurance, I&#039;m sure Planned Parenthood would be able to give you answers. The actual procedure wasn&#039;t painful for me. My doctor injected lidocaine into me cervix (which, surprisingly wasn&#039;t painful). He inserted the IUD, cut the string and was done. There was some pressure when he accidentally tapped the top of my uterus, but otherwise I was fine. Afterward is when it became painful (cramps), but I would just recommend taking Advil. I was able to go to school and work afterwards. I love it so far!"
"I started taking Zoloft about 3 1/2 weeks ago. The first week I started to feel better. Though about 5 days in I had a really bad hotflash where I had to lay on the floor for about 5 minutes, and then I felt like I was going to throw up. Haven&#039;t had that sense. I do feel tired so I&#039;ve started taking it at night. Also, I feel like I have restless leg syndrome. But other than those things I am now able to focus and my OCD seems to have calmed down a lot. I still get anxious, but it doesn&#039;t stick around as long and I&#039;m able to move on from it easier. I feel like I can live in the moment and not worry about my past or present or what issue I need to stop before it happens. I am able to focus better at work too. I think my husband likes me now."
"Went to my PCP for an increase in Effexor as was not doing well at all.  Have had several terrible things happen in the last year and was actually feeling &quot;crazy&quot; suicidal.  Also found that I developed diabetes.  My physician said there had been a lot of success with Viibryd and gave me samples.  I have only been on the medication for 4 days at this time but can already tell such a difference in my life.  I am sleeping better, a little drowsy in the morning but that was happening already.  At the same time I started Metformin so the loose stools could be from either medication.  I can live with those since I am doing so much better.  In order to stop the Effexor, I am taking it every other day for one full week. "
"I have had a bad cough for over a week. The Doctor said it was bronchitis and prescribed this and Septra. It does dry you up and quietens the cough. I&#039;ve taken this before but, don&#039;t remember it making me feel so loopy, even 12 hours later. Definitely don&#039;t drive and it would be advisable to have someone around."
"I have found Sonata to be highly effective. I take 10mg when I get in bed and have relaxed a bit. I sleep 7-9 hours without waking up in the middle of the night. No grogginess in the morning. I have Major Depressive Disorder plus GAD, so sleep is very important in managing the disease -- and I get that sleep with Sonata. I took Ambien for a year or so but stopped when I washed dishes and cleaned my kitchen without remembering (sleepwalking, etc. are side effects of Ambien.) Weaning off the Ambien was a horrific experience -- I had rebound insomnia and didn&#039;t sleep for 3 days. Anyway, I highly recommend Sonata."
"I started Habitrol because when I quit drinking alcohol, I started smoking and eating everything in sight.  The Habitrol not only curbed my craving for alcohol, it curbed ALL of my cravings for substances I&#039;ve struggled with for years.  I stopped using the patch for 2 days, and ate a whole batch of brownies to keep from drinking or smoking.

Don&#039;t know how this story will end, but whatever is in this product is a blessing to those of us suffering with addictions."
"I have taken one pill, waited it said 30 minutes and I thought O better lay down then, four hours later I wasn&#039;t asleep I was wide awake and had a bad headache. Next night my Doctor upped the dose, still no sleep and another very bad headache. I&#039;m done, I also felt very odd I can&#039;t explain it disconnected. I would not recommend this drug at all. It&#039;s expensive and does more harm than good"
"I have chronic urinary tract infections. Every time I know one is coming on, I go to my doctor and this is what is prescribed. This last urinary tract infection I couldn&#039;t get treated because I have no insurance and didn&#039;t have the money for the office visit. so I tried to wait it out or flush it with water. It eventually turned to a Kidney Infection and I was put on this medication. It does the trick within a day every time."
"i have lost over 10 pounds in 2 weeks and have had no problem with them at all... I am sticking to low fat labels and cutting out all the bad stuff, the tablets are great because it gets you in the mindset of knowing that theres consequences if you have a lot of fat."
"I really didn&#039;t feel any relief from this oval white pill called percocet,it was one I&#039;ve never had before never even seen this kind from my pharmacy, they have made me sick and I&#039;ve had different ones that are great. If I receive these kind again I&#039;ll not be doing business with same pharmacy. I mean really was there something different in this pill with a u on it. I can&#039;t remember the other numbers because it&#039;s time for my refill an b4 I get them I&#039;ll tell my pharmacy not to give the same ones. Just letting everyone know they aren&#039;t worth a penny..thanks"
"I was on Loestrin 24 FE for years until they stopped making samples of it, and it was too expensive to buy. My doctor switched me to this pill. I lost 15-20 lbs, moods have been more stable and my sex drive has increased dramatically! The only con was i did break out really bad when I first switched, but now I&#039;m on my 3rd pack and I&#039;m getting my breakouts under control. I&#039;m amazed at the weight I lost and didn&#039;t realize I gained it from my old birth control.. This is my new favourite!"
"after the birth of my second child and moving states away due to husbands job change I had HORRIBLE anxiety, what I thought was ONLY anxiety. I wouldn&#039;t leave the house for weeks on end. Finally 6 months later my husband and I agreed that I needed to seek help, being on medication was not something that I wanted, but something that I may need. At my first appointment I was diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety. I was started in 37.5mg of Effexor and .5mg Klonopin! I&#039;ll admit! The first week ish, was hell, as it should be... For anyone to take a new medication to treat this type of issue its going to be tough. After those couple weeks I noticed a good change. Then it leveled out and I now take 75mg, this medication Is working so well!"
"I&#039;m 20 and been on this patch for 5 months and love it! First week was bad because of bad headaches and nausea but that went away."
"Can&#039;t believe how well this worked. I&#039;ve become so scared when a migraine comes on that I almost didn&#039;t try this new drug but am I glad I did. A little achy around the neck area and felt a small amount of heaviness in the chest area but those symptoms went away quickly. The amazing part is that the headache didn&#039;t come when I took it as soon as the aura came.  Will be asking for a script for this one. "
"It saved my life. No more sleeping at my desk. I have had very little trouble with side effects. I learned to make sure 2 hours lapses after I eat before I take It so it will work."
"Been depressed for the last 8 years&middot; 32 female, just took 10mg Lexapro starting to feel slightly better. I pray it works for me, thank you all for your experiences!"
"I had always suffered from stress, panic attacks, fear of leaving my home or being around people. Fear of going to the grocery store or being judged, attacked in one form or another. I never felt comfortable or that I fit in anywhere. I have PTSD and severe anxiety disorder. I fear the worse all the time. I didn&#039;t get started on benzodiazepines until later in life and they helped me in so many ways. Xanax works best for me. They have made it so I want to live. They don&#039;t make me tired. I sleep at night without having nightmares and wake up ready to face the day. Yes, I have become dependant on them and what is wrong with needing a medicine that has such a positive affect on my life. My doctor is gone so I have no one to help me."
"Am 77 and have leg pain in evening, which restricts movement, etc. This relieves symptoms and I am able to continue daily functions much longer in day and gives me whole new latitudes on what I can/cannot do. Great medicine for me."
"Have Cervical Spondylosis, was amazed how well this medicine works.  Tylenol, etc does not reduce the inflammation which is very important in pain management.  Take pills 75mg 2 X daily, for 2-3 days, then go off of them until I cannot tolerate the pain. Last time I took Voltaren was in mid March, now it&#039;s mid April. Very happy."
"Upon getting a phone call from an old hook up, it turns out she recieved chlamydia. Now I wasn&#039;t sure if it was from me or someone else since it had been over a month since the last time we hooked up, but I thought it would be good to go ahead and take the medicine as a precaution. I find out in 2 days of I have the sti, but regardless I took the medicine today. 2 pills at 500mg each. I noticed I started sweating after about 20 minutes of taking the pills. Then by half an hour I was sweating so bad that I had to wrap a towel around me so I wouldn&#039;t soak my bed. I also tried turning the fan on, but the only thing that seemed to help is if I layer completely still on my back. I can honestly say this is the worst I have ever felt off medicine."
"I have been taking Lexapro for three years now. It has been a miracle. I have not had any panic attacks in over two years. I have a great outlook on life and am totally  comfortable in my own skin. Before I started I had panic attacks regularly. They were so bad that I would have them while driving, at work, while I was trying to sleep. I was a mess. Much, MUCH better with Lexapro."
"I had knee surgery last week and I wouldn&#039;t be able to go through the recovery without Percocet.  Before the pain was really frustrating.  I would wake up at least every 2 hours at night because I would subconsciously move my knee.  I feel its effects within 15 minutes.  Although some pain is still there, it is quite minor, and very manageable. It works."
"Suffer from severe headache and usually no medicine works- but by chance on holiday I had one of these that belongs to my mum and I couldn&#039;t believe how quickly it disappeared as soon as I feel a migraine coming on I take naproxen now and it goes quickly"
"75 yrs old and l thought that l had to learn to live with the constant ache and debilitating stiffness from osteoarthritis in neck, back, thumbs, knees and ankles.  After all, there are many more people worse off.  Mobic is a magic pill - only 7.5 mg once or 2xs a day and l have my life back.  I can exercise, do household chores, and stand longer than 10 or 15 minutes to cook or do dishes."
"After several weeks I finally got the doctor to change my script to Armour Thyroid I have begun to feel better.  Now I have to convince him to increase the dose.  He first told me he would &quot;get in trouble with the law&quot; if he prescribed Armour but when I told him I would call a pharmacy to check what he said, he recanted and ordered me Armouor Thyroid 15 mg.  I have had Armour on and off through my life.  The lab tests were not right as they had the level ranges too high.  Now I am back to square one.  I am looking forward to feeling the way I should.  God bless Armour Thyroid."
"I had a lumbar discectomy and was in pretty severe pain with pain meds. After taking the first day&#039;s dose (6 pills), that night I was feeling much, much better!  It was almost like magic."
"My doctor prescribed Protonix which worked most of the time and every now and then I would take a Tums.  Then my doctor left and I didn&#039;t request a refill soon enough, so I decided to try Prilosec OTC.  My GERD disappeared after the first day.  I took it daily for 14 days as described on the box and never had a problem at all.  My GERD pain is coming back though, so I will be buying another box."
"Been having sleep issues for years. Tried Seroquel/Quetiapine some years ago... but at too high a dose. Was a &#039;zombie&#039; for hours after waking. Now I take 25 mg or 50mg (depends on how tired I am) and am getting good sleep but w/ VERY vivid remember-able dreams. Seems like a good trade off. Am curious if it has long term effects.... anyone?"
"After suffering since 2008 a trip to the Emergency room Thanksgiving 2012 resulted in a prescription for Nexium. It has been a life saver, I have been on it less then a week. After having episodes of throwing up at least 5 times a week during the night and heartburn daily my throat was raw and I constantly had issues. It has been amazing to be able to again eat what I want without the repercussions. I was afraid to try it because of the cost pre-insurance but I printed a online discount card and used my insurance and it was very affordable and not to mention I am able to sleep through the night without having my head elevated and the other issues I was having. I have 7 ulcers diagnosed in 2008 and haven&#039;t had an issue all week. I LOVE NEXIUM!"
"While pregnant with baby #3, I started having joints pop out of their sockets (I&#039;ve been diagnosed with EDS, but at the time my doctors had no idea what was going on). This caused extreme pain, especially when it was a hip. 
My OB/GYN prescribed Tylox for the pain and it helped a lot. 
After giving birth, I was prescribed Tylox following my c-section and breastfed my baby with no ill effects. 
As for the &quot;it is unknown if this medication passes into breastmilk&quot;...that is completely untrue. Dr. Hale has studied nearly every medication on the market using breastmilk samples (&amp; blood, plasma, etc). For any doctors reading this, or any nursing mothers, I recommend you look up &quot;Medications and Mother&#039;s Milk&quot;."
"I started Zoloft about a week ago. I think I feel better. My anxiety and the what if thoughts does not seem to bother me as much. I still feel sad at times. I am going to stay on it longer to get the full effect.  Side effects: loss of appetite, stomach pain, headache, mood swings.  I was in a bad place. My anxiety was terrible. Racing thoughts my brain just would not shut off. I had no control. Its just a really bad feeling. I didn&#039;t want to try any medicine I put it off for a week but my doctor kept calling me and convinced me to come in. She said PPD is a real thing and its nothing I did wrong. I felt ashamed of my feelings. I should be happy I just had a beautiful healthy newborn baby. All I felt was sad and worried about everything."
"I&#039;m done with the first day of meds and I feel horrible. I got prescribed Flagyl (500mg 2x a day for 7days) due to having a Bartolin Abscess. Prior to the medication, the only symptom I had from the abscess was extreme pain where the abscess is located. So far, I have felt extreme fatigue, extreme headache, nausea, &amp; sour taste in my mouth. On the bright side, the area where my abscess is located still hurts but definitely not as much. I gave it a 10 on the scale because the Flagyl is effective regardless of the worst side effects I&#039;ve ever experienced. I&#039;ve been on many different antibiotics before but none have ever made me feel like this. Definitely hoping I never develop a Bartolin Abscess ever again because Flagyl is not fun to take"
"I was a smoker for 41 years. Over the years more and more until it became a 3 pack a day habit. I started taking Chantix and after 3 weeks I was smoke free. Smoke free now for 13 days! After taking it for 3 weeks I was still smoking around 15 to 18 cigarettes per day. So I was really scared that it was not going to work for me. On the 22nd day I decided to not smoke for as long as I could that day and I ended up not smoking the whole day. So that was my start to quitting. Each day after that I just did not smoke. It really did not bother me! The first 2 or 3 days that I started taking Chantix I was really sleepy but after 3 days that went away. I take it with food and water and so far have had no side affects."
"I would recommend any one to give this Champix a try. After the first 4 or 5 days I had quit all smoking. No side effects that amount to any concern."
"I have taken Avelox on several occasions for sinusitis and bronchitis and within two doses, I always feel 10 times better! I am aware that dizziness and nausea can be side effects, but since I have taken it before bed, this has never been an issue.  I am surprised at the number of people who try to take it during the day - take it at night and you will tolerate it just fine"
"Took pneumonia away quickly, however, it does cause diarrhea. I&#039;m on my 6th day of a 14 day regimen. Works well and fast."
"I have been on every antipsychotic you can think of, and none of them has seemed to help. Seroquel helped quiet the voices but I also gained almost 100 pounds. I have been going through this for almost 5 years, getting better then worse again, and the best so far has been Latuda. Been taking it for about three to four weeks and already the voices have quieted, I&#039;m doing things like cleaning the house again, drawing, I&#039;m happier, not overly hungry, and I&#039;m actually losing weight. Kind of scared to get my hopes up since I always seem to get better, then get worse... but so far so good!"
"I learned I have PCOS this summer. I&#039;m 21. I have insulin resistance so I was put on Metformin. PLEASE think twice about taking this medicine. I was supposed to take 750mg twice a day. I have been on many medicines- for my bipolar, ADD, surgeries and I have never had a side effect, or one like this. If I took one dose at night it was 50/50 if I was going to throw up or not. If I took both doses I was 100% throwing up all day. I tried for 2-3 weeks to see if the side effects would go away and they never did. I couldn&#039;t live like that and went off it. Now I just have to be careful about what I eat. I am overweight and noticed no weight change. I would rather try to be healthier and weigh less the food-based way than be throwing up on this."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for just 8 days and it WORKS.

I am 5&#039;8 and weighed 79.3 kilos at my height.. when I weighed myself day before yesterday I weighed 77.2 

These pills work because they FORCE the fat out of you and if you eat bad food they don&#039;t care where you are or what you&#039;re doing at that second... you WILL sh** yourself!

I have a Fitbit and have been making myself walk back from work 25 mins each day so together with normal days walking also average 5-6 miles. 

So lost over 2 kilos without a lot of effort in just over a week.

These really work. I&#039;ll be buying some more until the beer belly that haunted my late twenties is slayed and I can see my abs again!  :-)"
"I&#039;m 17 years old and got started on birth control because my periods were 9 days long with severe side effects. I first went on the shot called Depo-Provera, that was the worst experience of my life. I was having my periods every single day. The doctors told me it was normal and it would regulate after my third shot; however, the 4th shot came and same issues with no end in sight. Terrible cramps, headache, even vomiting. When my doctor switched me over to Loestrin I had instant results. My period is now regulated to a 4 day cycle once a month. I do have cramps as a side effect, but they have gotten much better. Before Loestrin I would curl up in a ball and cry from the severity of the cramps. I would recommend this birth control to anyone."
"So I&#039;ve been taking this for about a month and a half now and I have recieved pregnancy symptoms of course. Even when I took the pill I felt them but that patch is worse I learned putting the patch on my thigh doesn&#039;t irritate my skin unless I  put it any where on my upper body overall now that im getting used to it I really do like it better then reminding myself  of taking a pill and I actually started loosing weight from it"
"I just got my Liletta inserted about 2 hours ago.  I was mentally prepared for the pain which never came.  There was a little pressure, but no pinch, and no shooting sensation.  I will add that I am 35 and have 3 kids with no anesthesia so maybe my tolerance for pain is a bit above average, but I feel more confident that it was the expertise of my physician.  I did take a prescription ibuprofen before I went and was able to drive to work.  I will be back to update if I experience any side effects that I may attribute to the device."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 years now and I&#039;ve loved it. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, no acne breakouts and I haven&#039;t had a period in 2 years. Its been amazing. The only thing is I have some mild mood swings during my Week 3 and Week 4 of the pill and some breast tenderness. I originally got on the pill for my heavy period and severe PMS and I&#039;ve had zero cramps and no bloating. Best birth control I&#039;ve ever been on!"
"Went to the hospital last night for flu like symptoms. While I was there I experienced a sudden migraine. When I told the Dr. he decided to treat me with a cocktail outside of my usual. He gave me Reglan, Toradol, and Benadryl. As soon as the nurse began to push the meds in my IV I felt the worse burning sensation ever! After all 3 meds were in I began to feel closed in, constricted and overall worse. The nurse ran and got the dr and this is when he decided to reveal that the Reglan can make you feel very anxious, he said it should go away in 10 mins or so, and it did but I will never allow them to give me this medication again. I literately tried to rip the IV out of my arm because of it."
"Best thing ever. I have been suffering from years of depression and since taking Pristiq I feel alive again. More energy, weight loss, and decreased negative thoughts add up to happiness! Tried others, but NONE compare."
"Best anti-nausea medication available. Very effective for those undergoing chemotherapy. Also good for conditions when you are nauseous and require a narcotic analgesic - nausea will still subside. If you are allergic to other nausea medications such as compazine and/or reglan, like I am (severe panic attacks), zofran is your safest best (only side effect I have occasionally noticed is slight headache). The only real downfall is the price of the orally disintegrating tablet, because there is no generic. The non-ODT tablet does have a generic, and is also very effective, but if you need relief FAST, ODT is the best way to go."
"I switched to lolo because of unbearable side effects with a pill with higher dose of estrin. I have now been using it for a little over a year. I am the most stable emotionally, my skin is the most clear, and my period is super light and lasts about two days. It took about three months  at first for the break through bleeding to stop and I don&#039;t always get a monthly period, but it doesn&#039;t stress me out because I&#039;m good at taking the pill everyday. Also, I had a bit of nausea the fist week I was on it and my skin was more oily. The nausea went away on its own and I switched to a different face wash- so over all the adjustment was really smooth."
"I have been using Vaniqa for just over a week and I can already see a massive improvement. I have very dark facial hair which I have to pluck daily and always had a dark shadow. I am so pleased to say that so far so good, the shadow is disappearing and the hair that&#039;s growing back is finer and no where near as dark! Hirsutism is the most embarrassing thing ever. I went to my drs in the UK and was told I was not eligible for this cream on an NHS prescription and so my dr wrote me a private one. When I went to the chemist I was quoted over "
"I wanted to wait sometime before I weighed in on my Benlysta infusion experience. Just had my 8th infusion, what I&#039;ve noticed is less cutaneous/skin involvement. I still have joint pain, although not as severe. My autonomic nerves have also been affected by Lupus, I see no relief there; still lose consciousness because of random sudden blood pressure dips. I know Benlysta is working because I&#039;d hate to see what shape I&#039;d be in without it, especially with having three types of Lupus (SLE, Tumid and Discoid Lupus)."
"I&#039;ve been on Below for 2 weeks now and the only side effects I&#039;ve noticed have been a slight back ache and dry mouth. But I have lost 10lbs so far so its been worth it!! It definitely curbs my appetite but I always eat 3-5 small healthy meals. I hope it keeps going this way for me!"
"Only been taking it for about a month for high cholesterol.  I have problems with the statins.  So far, Welchol has been pretty low on the side effects.  I have only noticed some minor constipation if I do not take enough liquids."
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro 20mg and Vistiril 100mg for about 2 years. They worked at first but I kept having to take higher doses without any results (those were the ending doses). Went to my doctor and she gave me Effexor 75mg in place of Lexapro and it&#039;s working wonders! Absolutely 0 anxiety. She gave me the benzo Klonopin as well, but I barely have to use it because Effexor is doing the trick. It&#039;s wonderful to have my life back again, and I thank God for giving me a medication that works."
"I started noticing/questioning symptoms on Sunday, bought medication on Tuesday. Applied before bed, after laying down, with no intention of getting back up. I did not experience any of the misery that the other are posting, but have  experienced it with anti-fungal sprays on feet my feet. I can&#039;t help but wonder if there is correlation with progression of Infection, perhaps if there is any broken skin or not?? 
I would absolutely use this medication again without hesitation, even if it were to cause me some discomfort. It is worth it to get my lady bits back in check."
"It did lots of bad things to me. Increased anger . sometimes when upset just pick up a mug and smash it. Could not control it. Also was violent with some one at least twice. Kicked a hole in the wall in hospital . jumped out of moving car. Found it hard to stay in one spot for long . probably had akathisia."
"I hated Junel Fe 1.5/30. Horrible chin acne and oily skin, and even worse mood swings. my sex drive stayed normal and I still had a desire to have sex, but the pill is not worth it for how depressed it made me"
"This creme has done absolutely nothing but make my skin worse. I&#039;ve been doing it for about 4 weeks now and have seen zero improvement at all. I do not recommend."
"Been on this BC for three months now. I switched to this type in hopes that I would be able to regain my sex drive, but I was a bit put off after seeing such terrible reviews. I&#039;ll start by saying I do not experience anywhere near the severity of side effects most people are reporting. I have not gained any weight, but my breasts have filled out a bit. I currently don&#039;t experience any mood changes, although between the first and second month I noticed that I was quick to get angry at smaller things much more frequently. This is no longer happening. My only complaint is the acne--I get a few cystic pimples on my chin on the weeks where I am on the active pills. Overall, I am very happy with this birth control."
"Better results than any other medications. Improved the quality of life tremendously by reducing pain."
"I have been using Lily NPH Insulin since 1984 and have found it very effective, with minor adjustments, over the years. When I was taking Novo Nordisk&#039;s version of NPH my units requirement nearly doubled and I never found it as effective as Eli Lily."
"I am 17, 5&#039;5 weighing 145lbs. I started the Depo shot a little more than 3 months ago. The first time I received the shot, within 3 months I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds. Normally I get nauseous from birth control but the only con I&#039;ve experienced was anxiety. I recently just got the second shot and the amount of anxiety attacks are ridiculous. Lost my appetite for a week, lost a few pounds from that. Before I took the shot, I rarely had anxiety. Also, I spot once a month extremely lightly, rarely get cramps. No bad mood swings!"
"I quit after 6 weeks on Chantix. Been smoking 40+ years about 2 packs a day. Smoke free for 8 days now, the longest I have ever gone. I still want a cig from time to time but no uncomfortable cravings at all. No shakes or anything like that. Maybe just habit. No side effects except sleeplessness the first 2 weeks. That&#039;s it. I was concerned that drinking would cause me to cave in but have no desire whatsoever when I drink! It&#039;s all good and insurance paid for 5 months 100% no copay."
"I started taking lamictal for my unspecified bipolar disorder a few weeks ago. The results have been remarkable, I could feel the medication start work a few hours after the first dose and it was definitely more than just a placebo effect. I was less flighty and everything just seemed brighter and clearer. My thinking has cleared up and my mood is well controlled even while traveling, which is when hypomania usually sets in for me."
"Overall it made me feel like my old self. I was interested in all my old hobbies again. One thing I did notice is when I started taking it I would always have intense yawning, all day."
"Hi All! I wanted to share my positive experience with the copper IUD. I got the Paragard inserted about 2 weeks ago &amp; I LOVE IT. It was my best option since I never did well on the pill. I haven&#039;t had kids &amp; the insertion, I&#039;m going to be honest, hurt unlike anything I have ever experienced BUT it only lasts a few min &amp; it is NOTHING you can&#039;t handle. I got my period on time. It lasted heavily for 3 days/spotted for 4. I had mild cramping the first week after insertion but now I&#039;m back to myself 100% &amp; feel great (no cramps/spotting). Sex &amp; orgasms are still great. Every woman is different so I hope this helps you make your decision that it can be right for you. I gave it a 9 because time will tell if it is still this great in the future."
"Just started taking it 2 days ago.  The first day I was very sleepy and was a little like a zombie, so I left work early.  The next day I took the injection at night so I could sleep off any side effects.  I haven&#039;t been nauseous at all, but my appetite has greatly diminished, and I think I&#039;ve lost a couple of pounds already.  My blood sugars went from 260-285 down to 120-180.  So far I&#039;m happy with it.  I&#039;ll report back."
"I used to get migraines 3-5 times a week, one of which would usually be severe.

Elavil reduced my migraine frequency to about once a week (if that!). The migraines I get now are extremely mild.

I would highly recommend this medication for migraine prevention."
"I&#039;m a 70 yrs old male and have type II diabetes.  Tried Metformin alone and Jentadueto, but sugar level still a little too high.  Dropped Jentadueto, but  staying on 1000mg Metformin.  Also started Victoza 4 weeks ago (.6 mg 1st week, 1.2 mg 2nd week, and 1.8mg since).  No side effects whatsoever for me.  Appetite down some and I&#039;ve lost 11 pounds (down to 200 lbs and stable).  BMI just under 25.  Morning sugar level down to 103.  I feel great.  Victoza also has discount coupon available on their website.  I recommend this for those where other treatments for type II do not work well."
"I started on Accuntane on 2nd March and I&#039;m now coming up to finishing my treatment with only 3 weeks left. I genuinely can&#039;t express enough how effective Accutane is. My acne was moderate and rather than lesions, etc. I had lots of small spots all over my chin and forehead and beginning to reach out to my cheeks. I went on Duac then oxytetracycline and enthromycin, none of them worked for me! I saw results from Accutane in the first month! My skin did get dry and my lips chapped and flaked badly but if you keep applying E45 and Burts Bees it will keep the flakiness at bay! Honestly I am thankful to Accutane for my new found confidence and I now happily leave the house with no make-up!"
"This was the first pill prescribed to me in my teen years (I&#039;m 32 now). I took them for about 3 years before iIgot off the pill altogether for about 10 years. When I got back on the pill, I was prescribed a different brand and went with it thinking how bad can it be...biggest mistake ever!!! After 8 months of suffering on the other pill, I switched back to my old, trusty Levora. What a relief!!! I experience very little, if any side effects on this pill, and it immediately started to reverse the chaos the other pill had caused my body (weight gain, bloating and severe mood swings). Thank you Levora!!"
"It&#039;s the best thing ever! My period&#039;s are light and I don&#039;t have the severe cramps that I had before. The only bad thing is the mild weight gain."
"I&#039;ve suffered from migraines for about 10 years. Relpax has been the best prescription thus far to relieve my migraines. It usually kicks in within an hour of taking it; my nausea and headache go away within that hour. My insurance only covers 6 in a month, although my doctor told me that they&#039;re supposed to cover 8. I used to pay $50 for 6 pills, now I pay $10 with the co pay card I found on their website (thanks to my pharmacist) Unfortunately I get migraines a few times a month, so I use all 6 pills a month. Common side effects I get are sleepiness (when I take a Relpax, it knocks me out like Nyquil) and frequent urination (don&#039;t know how common that is) Overall, I&#039;d highly recommend Relpax."
"After having to take Moviprep 3 times I have to say it is absolutely disgusting but does the trick. I recommend taking laxative tablets too as after doing that the last time I only had to take the first half of the prep and my whole bowel was cleaned out"
"After what started out as &quot;hay fever&quot; and quickly escalated into a head cold, then severe lung infection including shortness of breath and the inability to expel the phlegm I went to urgent care. 
They prescribed azithromycin  (500 mg followed by 4 doses of 250 mg) it took 3 days before I started to feel relief. I was feeling very sceptical until I got up this morning With only one more day worth of the medicine I can honestly say I think this stuff is great."
"Effexor might have saved my life because at the time I was given it I had damn near given up hope.  Paxil and Zoloft did nothing. Depakote attacked my liver. Lexapro made me numb. Then Effexor was given to me. 2 weeks after taking it I felt better. 4 weeks later, I was back doing things again. Within a year I had all my interests and hobbies back. 

Cons:

1.  Withdrawal is terrible. When I miss a dose I feel it. Neck pain. Headache. 
2. I&#039;ve found that I had to increase the dose after two years of usage 75 mg 3x times a day holds me.
3. Not really a con, but when more stress then usual I relapse for a few days with depression but it goes back to normal if you increase dose for awhile."
"I started talking Alli February 18, 2016, I&#039;ve lost 9 lbs so far (3 weeks)! Week one I did not change my eating habits but I could tell the pills were working due to frequent visits to the rest room. Week two, I started eating healthier and noticed that I wasn&#039;t using the bathroom as much. I did not rate alli a 10 because I was constipated for 2 days, although it could be due to the fact thag i am no longer eating greasy goods like I was during week one. Overall I love Alli and it is really working for me. Losing those 9lbs motivated me to keep going!!"
"Sometimes takes several hours to work after being administered but usually relief is dramatic. Best medication I have had to relieve the pain and swelling after an acute attack of gout without having a Cortizone injection in the joint. The injection in the joint is very painful but works quicker, but i.v treatment is the best route."
"I took this pill within 24 hours after me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex. It was during my fertile days. I received light bleeding within a week. And two weeks later, I got my actual period. The waiting was crucial!! I experienced bloating, dizziness, and extreme fatigue. Don&#039;t stress over it, that could delay your period. Thank God my boyfriend was extremely supportive!!"
"I have had depression since I was a teenager. I have tried pretty much anything you could think of. Nothing has helped me like Xanax. The problem is that doctors don&#039;t like to prescribe this medicine. I feel so lost without it and I would only take it when I really needed it. Only 2 or 3 times a week. "
"I got Nexplanon about a month and a half ago. As I&#039;ve only ever used low dose estrogen birth control pills, Nexplanon sent my mood swings through the roof within the first two weeks. I mean out of control, cry-in-my-car-at-work , ugly mood swings. It was awful. Since those first two weeks things have gotten exponentially better. The mood swings aren&#039;t really happening anymore, I don&#039;t feel depressed/anxious/sad at all. My skin completely cleared up and I&#039;ve been losing weight. The spotting has lightened up and I feel normal again. Every body is different- but this is definitely worth a try! If it weren&#039;t for the wild mood swings I&#039;d rate a full 10."
"I&#039;ve been taking lutera for a couple of years now. I recently stopped taking it this month (ran out of refills and need to see the doc again) and regret it to the fullest. I am going through really painful cramps at the moment, which I haven&#039;t had for years!!!!!! The only problem I have with this particular birth control pill is that you cannot smoke while taking it. This makes me wonder what exactly is in this one that separates from the other birth control pills that you can smoke with? Either way, because of the deadly combination of smoking and taking these pills, I&#039;ve stopped smoking. I am 24 now, 5&#039;1, 110 LBs"
"I took phentermine for a month and lost 28lbs. IN A MONTH!! Talk about killing your appetite. My family was getting worried because I never wanted to eat. I had to remind myself to eat at 6:00. I told them not to worry because this is what I wanted (to not sit around and think about food all day). People are talking calories this and work-out that, but on phentermine, you automatically exercise because you have this amazing amount of energy that just keeps you going and keeping your mind off of food. It works and I love it."
"So I&#039;ve been using the shot for only two months now, nearing the third. it&#039;s pretty effective. I haven&#039;t gained much weight. I have spotting which my doctor told me that was normal. my only concern are the mood swings and low libido. I have a boyfriend and I feel like the side effects are making me question my attraction to him???? our relationship is good. I just don&#039;t understand why I feel how I do. I would be fine except for the constant depression I&#039;m having. thinking about switching to another method, or sticking to just condoms but we all know how that goes."
"This drug is incredible at getting rid of warts.
But I would DEFINITELY recommend using it for one day then waiting 3 days to see how severe your reaction is. I used it on 2 days before getting any reaction, and boy it was a huge reaction. Even the TINIEST amount of aldara causes your vagina to literally swell and burn for days and cause blisters and I used the stuff very sparingly and only on the warts.
For anyone about to try aldara please just try it once and wait 3 days to see how you react before applying any more because man this stuff is strong!!!"
"I only took this med for 1 week and before starting had clear skin, well within 7 days I had broken out in a pimply rash on my face almost looked like mini pimples, was extremely emotional and moody, very very hungry, and worst of all my post partum bleeding instead of slowing down increased ! I would not recommend this BC to anyone !"
"I had been taking some opiate pain killers for the last five years, due to a low back injury and one unsuccessful surgery.  I was on approximately 90 mg of Morphine and 60 mg of Oxycodone per day until I decided to try Suboxone to quit.  It was about 2 months ago when I started and the Doctor put me on a 6-week taper.  It worked very well. I didn&#039;t have any opiate withdrawal symptoms.  I think this is a very good drug.  I had no side effects that I could tell."
"I&#039;ve had some constipation issues this last month.  I thought I was over them. By his weekend on vacation I wasn&#039;t feeling well and then spent a night with cramps and passing a 1/2 teaspoon of diarrhea at a time.  In the morning I took a gasx and one ducolax pill and drank some gatoraid.  I then went out thinking I had six hours of so.  I took three nibbles of the most incredible food and had instant cramping. After spending the whole meal time in the bathroom I lnew I had to take a cab back to the hotel asap-I could stand.  The moment I got to my hotel I had a large loose bowel movement.  The cramps with the ducolax were not worse than what I was suffering the the bowel obstruction/constipation.  I am just so bummed that I couldn&#039;t eat."
"After 5 years of abusing my body, my family, everyone around me. I finally went to detox. I cannot say this enough, YOU HAVE TO WANT THIS. Just by taking Subutex isn&#039;t going to change your life, you have to change your life, you have to want this. Either stay dirty or stay clean. I have 2 years clean now and love life, I live life now. No more looking for a pill. I got plenty in the cabinet for once. For those that have done it, bravo, the storm might have been rough, but we all made it alive."
"At first this medication seemed like a life saver.  After time I began to augment and I would have to take more and more of the drug earlier in the day.  It caused all kinds of side effects from yawning to compulsive shopping.  I gained about 40 lbs and my blood pressure went through the roof.  After being on this prescription for several years, it was horrendous to get off of.  It has taken almost a year to finally say I am totally free of the DA&#039;s (dopamine agonists).  I will never, ever take one of these classes of drugs again.  The side effects, withdrawal and effect on overall health is not worth it."
"My experience has been horrible... I feel like throwing up all the time. The worse part is just the feeling of it. Also, my boobs are sore and my body aches. I feel super blooded and I actually look blooded. I guess, this pill reacts in different ways for different people; however for me has been a horrible experience. Some of the symptoms I have experience are: Calf Cramps, headache, continuous nauseas,  body ache as if I was getting the flue, headaches...."
"For reducing bleed from  Fibroids: I read the reviews but had not used a birth control in over 20 years so I didn&#039;t think much about the bad reviews. That has since changed because by the 4th pill I felt horrible. On Friday morning after starting the pill on the previous Sunday I was so sick. I was nauseous, restless, foggy mind, sad and emotionless and I wouldn&#039;t have thought it was the pill had I not read the side effects. I will refuse to endure 2-3 months of this. I have a career, a life and a family and I cannot be sidelined because of a horrible drug. 

My co-pay was still $43.00 even after my BC/BS paid $88.00 and I wish I had known how bad it was going to be because I could have saved money and days of being sick. . Most medications do not present problems for me which tells me this form of &quot;low dose&quot; hormone is not for me. Reconsider this drug if your OB/GYN prescribes it. I&#039;d actually rather have the laparoscopic hysterectomy and endure that than to be this sick for months."
"I had been on Relafen for years for my osteoarthritis, and I just discovered this summer that I have Rheumatoid Arthritis. I was still on the Relafen and had driven a long ways to see one of my doctors, and the RA was so bad in my knees and feet that it was becoming difficult to walk. I called my Orthopedic Surgeon, and they changed my NSAID from Relafen to Mobic, and within an hour of taking the Mobic, I had relief. What a difference it has made for me! It made such a difference with the inflammation in my joints, and made it easier for me to walk. After taking the Mobic for a few days, I had improved greatly. I have had no stomach or intestinal issues from the medication."
"I started Loryna about 3 and a half weeks ago. I was preparing for an IVF embryo transfer. I wanted to select Yaz as the birth control to prepare for my transfer, but learned Yaz is no longer on the market. This should have been my first clue that a generic form of a drug that was off the market might still not be safe. I started taking Lornya. About a week and a half of taking it, I felt a pain in my calf. The pain intensified to the point I could hardly walk. I decided to check on this and it was found that I formed a blood clot behind my knee. I was advised to stop Loryna immediately. I now have to take 2 shots a day of blood thinners for 3 to 6 months. I also think my IVF will be cancelled because of this. No history of blood clots."
"I bought the monistat 3 day prefilled applicators and used last night. I&#039;ve used monistat before and never had any issues but oh my godddddd after about 2 minutes I got this awful burning and itching. so bad I couldn&#039;t sleep and I had to go in the bathroom and get a cold wash cloth and wipe off whatever I could.  after about an hour it toned down enough to where I was able to fall asleep and when I woke up this morning I still had some burning. never again will I buy this crap! I&#039;ll stick to the generic version. don&#039;t waste your 20$ on this stuff it&#039;s not worth it and made my symptoms 1000x worse!"
"I&#039;ve been on medicine 150 for less than a week.  I feel a little high, anxious, nervousness.  But that is a relief compared to the last year sleeping upwards of 20 hours a day with no will to live.  I took 300 mg. 10 years ago and lost 35 lbs within months.  Already 4 days in I&#039;m down 3 lbs quit smoking and keep trying to nap because of habit but can&#039;t sleep my life away.  Thank god.  I feel a little manic at times but remember this from before it will wear off.  I already got up last 2 days and exercised haven&#039;t done that in 3 years.  I&#039;ll report feeling in few months once I&#039;m up to 300mg and stable. 1st day in 3 years where I&#039;m not feeling dread."
"I have been having pain for 5 months now after a bad dental experience. I thought it was my teeth that was causing all of my pain. I felt hopeless with no other options left. No dentists knew what to do. I went to my doctor and said I possibly have nerve damage from the numbing shot (I have permanent numbing too).  This medicine has taken away my tingling feeling from the numbing (although it&#039;s still numb, it&#039;s not annoying).  The shooting pain through my jaw is gone and my throbbing is gone too. WONDERFUL. I do feel a little dizzy and loopy but I&#039;m so happy."
"I&#039;ve been taking contrave for a week and a half. I&#039;m now taking the morning and evening pill. Iv&#039;e had very little side effects. A lil groggy the first day taking it. I have lost 4 pounds so far."
"I got this put in roughly 7 months ago, and honestly I&#039;ve had no problems at all. I was, like many, nervous because of all the horror stories I heard about bleeding and moodiness and decreased sex drive, but decided to try it. I have had no prolonged bleeding, I get a 3-4 day long period once a month. I am not moody at all which is great, because the pill made me crazy. And I haven&#039;t noticed a significant difference in my sex drive, though it has decreased a little - my boyfriend and I have had no problems. I&#039;m glad my body reacted positively to this, because it is a very efficient method of birth control. I truly recommend at least trying it to see how your body reacts, and be sure to remember to give it some time to settle in."
"Well this medication has worked VERY well for my ADHD! It helps me concentrate and makes my mood overall more lifted! I Notice energy and a desire to do work and complete tasks instead of being a lazy couch potato like before. Side effects: Anxiety, Depersonlization and Derealization on this medication sometimes makes you feel like a robot! And heart rate goes up also! But it worked much better than Adderall. Adderall gave me bad anxiety and higher heart rate! Much stronger and more positive mood from Dexedrine. "
"Effexor helped me see the reality of my life when I couldn&#039;t. I took Zoloft for a while (up to 150mg) and I felt more numb than &quot;happy&quot;. When I switched to a family doctor from my psychiatrist, they recommended Effexor XR; I&#039;ve been taking 75 mg a day for the past four months and my life has done a complete 180. No depression, very little anxiety, and I finally have CONFIDENCE. I have more friends now than I ever did, a wonderful new relationship that I could never have foreseen myself happening, and I&#039;m performing really well academically. Best decision of my life was taking Effexor- I can immediately see a difference in my thought processes when I forget to take it for two days at a time."
"I suffer from year-round allergies to at least a half dozen allergens. My doctor has had me on Claritin and Nasonex. While they didn&#039;t completely alleviate my symptoms, he had no other suggestions. When I ran out of Nasonex, I decided to forego the hassle of stopping by my doctor&#039;s office to pick up a prescription and instead got Flonase from a nearby Walgreen&#039;s. This stuff is the best! It alleviated all of my symptoms (constant runny nose, itchy and watery eyes, nasal congestion). So much so that I can breathe thru my nose at night without my usual Breathe Right strip. Thank you GSK!"
"DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT TAKING THIS! I took it back it 2014 for a few months and took my dose about 4 hrs late. Let me tell you, I thought I was going to have to be put in a psych ward. I laid down to go to sleep and had brain zaps (loud bang and pops in your ears that aren&#039;t really there). I saw birds dying at my face, I felt a demon trying to smother me into my bed and saw children burning in a house! All because my dose was late. My Dr told me to wean off immediately. I was terrified to lay down at night because this continued to happen while I was trying to get off it. NEVER BEEN SO THANKFUL IN MY LIFE TO BE RID OF SOMETHING! After my experience and reading about others&#039; experiences, I can&#039;t believe it&#039;s still available to ruin lives!"
"I was prescribed this drug after a chest infection had returned an the initial antibiotics had not 100% worked. Within a day I had gotten a lot worse, and began passing out and ended up in hospital for 6 hours. They informed me that this drug was not always reliable and they had a woman in the ward for 6 weeks due to her taking these for 3 days. Reluctantly I came off this drug and went back onto a longer dosage of my initial antibiotics. Needless to say I got a lot better quickly, and the infection had disappeared within a week."
"I took this medicine about 6 years ago for depression and PTSD . This is a horrible medication, doctor I saw told me it was a magic drug for depression. Magic as in the sense it is god awful and turned me into a monster. I went from being depressed to being super depressed. I think I suffered from all of the side effects listed, and now that I had a genetic test to find out why medications didn&#039;t work on me , I know why. Being a poor metabolizer made it so the medications build up in my system and I get the horrible side effects, and this one was no different. The withdrawal from this was god awful almost unbearable, from the brain zaps, to the uncontrolled crying, all the way to a 1 day hospital stay. Stay away"
"This was the only medication that helped me to deal with morning sickness, that actually it was never just in the morning, I was sick all day and all night... It makes you sleepy but it&#039;s not like you can&#039;t get out of bed, they tell you to take 2 before bed another one in the morning and one more at noon, but I&#039;m just taking one before bed time and one in the morning so I don&#039;t feel super sleepy and it works perfectly for me! No more sickness and I can eat anything I want :) plus it&#039;s super safe for the baby!"
"A nurse at a psychologist put me on this drug along with Prozac over 3 years ago. She told me it would be a band-Aid until the Prozac start working. I went for a follow up appointment a month later and she said since it&#039;s working she didn&#039;t want to change anything. Months went by I still felt great no panic attacks, nothing. Started to gain weight and felt extremely sleepy during the day so I wanted to start weaning off-spent 1 1/2 yr trying to wean myself off only to start the withdrawal symptoms - electrical shocks, extreme night sweats and nightmares.Finally I weaned myself to .5 mg Klonopin and 10 mg of Prozac. Last Friday night (10 days today) I came home and flushed the pills. going through hell now. Don&#039;t start, get help naturally!!!"
"Went to see Dr due to lethargy, low sex drive, fat gain, muscle loss and general &quot;blah&quot; feeling.  41yr old male.  Was prescribed 100mg/week.  Self injections.  Within 4wks was feeling about 75% better and as time goes by...just keep getting better.  Definitely a great medicine."
"Had been on REMICADE since 2003 (11 years) 5vials every 4weeks. Doctor took it away due to issues with the infusion dept. I hate not being on REMICADE. REMICADE did wonders for me, it gave me life back and unfortunately I am back to where I started 11+ years ago. I am having difficulty with everything, I can barely type this comment."
"This is a miracle drug. My husband had hepatitis C, genotype 1, for 30 years. We decided not to try interferon because of side effects, length of treatment, and low cure rates for his genotype. He took Harvoni for 12 weeks. Absolutely no side effects-he felt like he took nothing at all. And amazingly hepatitis C is now gone. It has been over a year since the end of treatment, and he is still virus-free."
"I never review meds, but felt I had to this time. SO many scary and daunting reviews online for this medicine had me absolutely dreading my Colonoscopy prep. Honestly, this prep was totally a breeze. I chilled it first, used a straw, and bit a wedge of lemon before each dose. NO problems getting it ALL down within less than ten minutes for each liter (Split dose regimen). I have a narrowed esophagus and sometimes have a hard time drinking that much even when it&#039;s something I really enjoy--so I was surprised that my worst fears didn&#039;t come true. My advice is to &quot;just do it&quot;. My exam went great, and now onto the victory meal!"
"only took the medication for 5 days, had read about it online after being prescribed it and got really worried at all the awful side affects. I experienced nausea and headaches and slight itchiness while on it and was glad to finally get off of it. It is my 3rd day off of it and the itching has got worse and all over now. I only have a few tiny redish bumps though and I am experiencing anxiety on and off randomly and just feel weird  and have also caught a cold (sore throat/cough). will never take this medication ever again and I severely advise against it."
"Monistat 3 sucks. I am up right now at 2:56 am writing this review so that you all know not to buy this product. I am currently laying in bed with severe burning down there! I am not pleased at all, this is my first out of 3 days, I don&#039;t think I will follow up the &quot;treatment&quot;. I read that eating yogurt can clear it up, I&#039;d rather try that then go on with this product."
"I have had very bad anxiety and subsequent depression now for about 8 years. I also come from a background of extreme emotional abuse which I think was the largest contributor of my panic and high anxiety and fear. I just began Paxil last week....WOW...I really don&#039;t know why I waited so long to seek medication advice. Unfortunately it took a suicide attempt to get me where I am today but even after 1 WEEK I feel just so much better. I&#039;m not having severe side effects becasue my Dr. told me to start gradual, which I did and I think that lessened the side effects signifigantly! I will keep updating with my progress but so far so good!"
"I am taking 1 pill a day and today is day 9 and I have lost 9 lbs so far. I can handle losing a pound a day!"
"I found it to be the best medicine for me. I was put on several newer antidepressants and I hated side effects especially weight loss. I am a very physical person who struggles to keep weight on and this helps me in this situation also."
"1st update... I&#039;m beginning week 2 on Phentermine and I&#039;m very pleased thus far! I lost 7 lbs in week 1 bringing me down from 179 to 172. My energy level is high and my appetite is low!! I&#039;m not counting calories but I&#039;m eating  healthy food in smaller portions. As I said in my 1st post, my seizure condition limits outside exercise but I&#039;m staying very busy doing everything VERY fast inside my house! HA! I&#039;m looking forward to seeing what week 2 brings!!"
"I have problem with frequent uriantion especially at night. I started taking Rapaflo with the following effects:
1- Urinary symptoms improved some what
2- No orgasm
3- No ejaculation
4- Stuffy nose
5- Muscle ache
So I decided to have frequent urination and I stopped taking Rapaflo."
"I was on the Depo for about 2 1/2 years, and after some initial spotting (about 9 months) I loved it. Super easy, nearly painless, very effective. If it weren&#039;t for the bone loss controversy, I&#039;d still be on it. I didn&#039;t notice any side effects, my period was replaced by light spotting about 3 weeks before I was due for my next shot."
"I have bladder cancer and after many BCG treatments the pain had gotten almost unbearable to the point where I was going to quit the treatments. My doctor gave me Prosed DS and Percocet to ease the pain. I am taking 5/325. The pain has been reduced to being very livable with. Thank goodness for this wonderful medicine. I will take it for about 3 days and then will go to Tylenol and the Prosed Ds if still needed."
"Lost 3 pounds in three months."
"I had been on Aviane for years but my medical insurance changed and my doctor switched me to Microgestin. I&#039;ve always been an emotional person, so I couldn&#039;t tell you if that has changed, but my periods are light if I get it at all. 2 months out of the 6 I didn&#039;t even bleed, which I don&#039;t mind one bit! My sex drive is at its peak, so no negative effects in that department. Overall, no complaints."
"I have been on depo for about 7 years and am now just switching over to Kyleena (IUD). This was the best birth control for what I needed at the time. At the start I had severe cramps and highly abnormal bleeding. This was the ultimate lifesaver! After about 6 months of abnormal bleeding (this is very common when first starting depo), I stopped having a period all together. I would have given this a 10 if not for the more recent side effects I started experiencing. In the last year or so, I started experiencing a steady state of feeling down/low, easily agitated/quick to anger, and low libido. After some research I found other testimonials of people experiencing the same mood changes after being on depo for 5+ years. Only reason I&#039;m switching."
"After a recent medical diagnosis, I had a difficult time coping and felt a tremendous sense of fear and worry constantly. Brought me to the point I was physically ill everyday and having panic attacks frequently. Xanax is wonderful when you find the right dose. Too much and I became a zombie. 0.25 MG was my perfect dose. It brought me down from panic and allowed me to take a step back and deal with my problems rationally."
"Hi can any body help I&#039;m taking 20mg citalopram a day I&#039;ve. Been on them for 16 days I&#039;m feeling a bit better but still feeling strange and still. I can&#039;t enjoy things like I use to can some body tell me please this was all down to smoking weed. Please keep weed as it wrecks lives."
"Around the age 35 I started experiencing painful and embarrassing cyst acne on my chin. Birth control and spironolacton got it under control to the point I stopped taking it after a few years. It came back as bad a ever and this time the medication wasn&#039;t working. I started aczone about 6 weeks ago and it&#039;s amazing! I do have to make sure I use it daily. If I do start to get any new acne, it knocks it out quickly in just a day or two. Helps a ton with any redness. Very happy with this product."
"I used the 1 day monistat at first i was like oh wow i dont feel a thing but 45 mins later after peeing the itching was intense as was about to wash it off but i applied more cream and right now it feels ok a little burning but over all it&#039;s fine we&#039;ll see what happenes later tonight or tomorrow lol. Kind of scared reading all these reviews."
"I am 38 and have had psoriasis all my life. I have used everything I could get my hands on and only had brief relief over the years. I started Stelara in March 2011 and 3 weeks after my first shot I was 100% clear. I just took my 3rd shot and I am still 100% clear. If anyone has the facility to try this they should, this medicine really works. Thanks to the creators of Stelara, I wish I had started it before. I go everywhere I possible can without a shirt now..yeah!"
"Works so fast. Best help I ever had to control irritable bowel syndrome. Doctors should have given this a long time ago instead of me suffering for 25 years."
"Cant make it through a day without it."
"Being on testosterone has completely changed my life for the better. I no longer suffer from extreme psychological distress associated with my condition. The only thing I don&#039;t like about it is having to inject myself once a week for the rest of my life. My doctor does not have the time to do it. I have thought about switching to gel but at 20x the cost, it isn&#039;t worth it. I have been on testosterone for almost 4 years and self-injecting for 3."
"Fish oil is such a wonderful alternative to medication! We were opposed to medication due to nasty side effects and other reasons, but with fish oil, there are none, and yet our son&#039;s focus has improved drastically. I would absolutely recommend both fish oil and Krill oil for focus, just make sure it&#039;s a high quality fish oil that is toxin tested."
"It is an effective product; I take about 2 pills every 2-3 days and they work predictably, usually about 10-12 hours after taking them. Many people have complained about cramping, but the cramps are actually generally quite mild, as long as you drink at least a glass of water right after taking the pills."
" When my medical care first stopped giving me my Methadone for chronic pain, I was switched to a 25 mcg. Fentanyl patch. It did nothing at all. I was then moved up to 37 mcg&#039;s of Fentanyl. Again, it didn&#039;t work. My PCP finally put me up to 50mcg&#039;s, but no luck. Now I&#039;m on 100 mcg&#039;s of Fentanyl, and it still doesn&#039;t work at all. This medication is worthless, and I&#039;m not the only one who thinks so. I&#039;m finally going to see another pain doctor and get on something that actually helps, so I&#039;ve got my fingers crossed. The bottom line is that at least for me, Fentanyl patches are absolutely useless!"
"Took one Aggrenox in the morning and one at night and it caused extreme nausea, headache, diarrhea, stiff joints, and weakness all night and vomiting in the morning. This was prescribed after one cardiovascular event. Had tried Plavix 75 mg for 4 months with poor results. Then tried Plavix 159 mg for 6 weeks and still no results in platelet test."
"The worst BC ever.I have just used it for 3 days and I have headaches and I threw up every single day.Do nothing other than sleeping like a log.This medicine was prescribed to control the abnormal bleeding I had and guess what I have the bleeding + these extra bonuses.Hate this medicine to death.Iam a person with no allergies to anything I know as of now.My body is pretty strong while other people around fall sick I remain totally unaffected.I will rate this medicine a negative not even a zero"
"I got the Liletta March 2016 after I had my daughter. The procedure wasn&#039;t too painful for me and was quick. When I first got it my periods was light and had spotting here and there. Since November of 2016 my periods have actually stopped. Personally I love this birth control and glad I got it."
"I just started lamictal, after tapering off of topamax. Topamax did nothing for me. I have disorder 2 in which I am more manic. I&#039;ve been on it 3 weeks and so far I have been episode free, which is good for me considering I am a rapid cycler. I&#039;ve done a lot of research on lamictal and it appears to meet my needs the most. And it&#039;s weight neutral. (Topamax never made me lose wight either). Also it doesn&#039;t halt your emotions like say lithium, where you are neither nor sad you&#039;re just emotionless. I hate that. Lamictal was a great choice for me so far so good!"
"I have been on Jolessa for about a month due to having excessive cramps and bleeding so I was excited to try not having a period for three months, but so far everything is fine no bad side effects except a little acne. So far a good birth control."
"I will take this medicine the rest of my life if it means no more bacteria.  I know that&#039;s an exaggeration. I have had diarrhea everyday, which is burning my skin around my Anus. I can live with anything as long as I&#039;m  on  the right path to recovery. The diarrhea occurs all day long, without much time to get to the bathroom. But I expect many bowel movements since I&#039;m ridding myself of a digestive bacteria. I highly recommend this medicine pack, with positive thoughts of 100% recovery in my near future."
"I&#039;ve had Fibromyalgia for a long time and have tried all kinds of medicines from Percocet, Vicodin, Darvocet, Dilaudid, Muscle relaxers, Tramadol, Lyrica, Cymbalta, etc... I was on the Tramadol for about 6 years and was taking close to 300 pills a month (about 12 pills give or take a day) nothing was helping my pain enough and the hard medicines like Percocets, etc would work 50% for about 1 to 2 hours and my pain would be back! I finally got sick of it and told my doctor and he suggested &quot;Suboxone&quot;. It has been my miracle! It helped my pain level 70 to 80%! It also helped me to get through the withdrawals of not taking the narcotics! The only bad thing is going through withdrawals when you stop or run out of the Suboxone! But while on it it&#039;s great!"
"As a child I always had problems with being very hyper and I couldn&#039;t pay attention like other children in my class. My teacher noticed it and told my mother about things that could help me. My mother had me tested and put on Adderall. Within a week I can honestly remember a change. At first it made me feel very funny and zombie like but after it got in my system my family said I was totally different person. I also suffer with dyslexia, but this medication helped me with that too. I was put on it when I was 7 years old. When I was 20 I stopped taking it since I was out of school. I couldn&#039;t hold down a job and things just got really bad for me. Then I had my baby boy and decided I had to be put back on it. Best thing that happened to me."
"I have completed four weeks of sovaldi and daklinza, and my one month blood work shows the virus is undetectable. I have had very few super mild side effects, and if I wasn&#039;t sort of looking for them might not even notice. I feel like my heart beats hard sometimes and have had some episodes of palpitations which gives me anxiety, but that&#039;s it. It&#039;s a dream compared to what I&#039;ve heard about past treatments and im so glad its available and that my insurance finally approved it!"
"I had my Implanon inserted 4 weeks ago. I had my period for 5 days after insertion but it was the same length of time and flow as my period on the pill. After that I haven&#039;t had any breakthrough bleeding yet. I have noticed, however, weight fluctuation of about 5 pounds but nothing crazy. I was nauseous for the first week, and now am noticing a bit of emotional liability (I cry at the drop of a hat, I can&#039;t watch tv without crying). But so far it doesn&#039;t bother me. I&#039;ll probably put in another review if anything changes. As for now, so far so good! "
"I read hundreds of reviews, talked to my doctor about belviq. He was very thorough with making sure I was healthy enough to take the med. I started day 1 yesterday (5/20/15). Within 2 hours my appetite was completely gone. I was extremely nauseous. I was expecting to be tired but not to the point of feeling so &quot;drugged and intoxicated&quot; that I couldn&#039;t even barely move with out the room spinning and vomiting. I had severe anxiety with this experience. I am not taking another dose. I will just be more self disciplined  to eat right and exercise more. In my opinion, anything that makes you feel so badly can&#039;t be healthy for your body. I  very happy for those that it worked for!!"
"I have been on Navane for almost 30 years.  I have had two psychotic episodes and they have occurred only when I went off this medicine.  I have tried other medications but I feel most secure on Navane.  The side-effects are: some drowsiness and feelings of depression.  Otherwise, I feel more natural on Navane than on any other anti-psychotic medication I have tried and that&#039;s why I will continue to use it."
"I am 20 years old and just started taking this medication because I was having trouble in school wrapping my head around the massive amount of data we have to learn at school. I have noticed a HUGE improvement on my comprehension while reading in my book, and much more interested and focused on everything my instructor says during the period of class time, and I actually remember it. It helps me complete my projects in school and stay focused on one task instead of walking around aimlessly wasting time seeing what everyone else is doing and saying &quot;I can just do that tomorrow, or later on.&quot; I can finally sit down and get things done the way I should be. No crashing at the end of the day, or jitteriness."
"Work very well. No talk in the head, no visible hallucinations only once a day something minor. More energy overall, took 6 months of xeplion to get there. Can laugh. No depression. Hard to meet friends and feel relaxed though."
"First time I got Gout I was 14 then never had it again till I turned 40. 1 attack a year led to 2 then 3 and 4. The pain got worse every attack. I went on Allopuranol 3 years ago and it brought my Uric acid down to below 3 but the side effects were starting to bother me. I went  off it for a year and the attacks started up again. I went on Uloric 80 mg a day 2 months ago and it&#039;s a life changing solution. No side effect and and no attacks. What more can I say."
"At age 72 I had 4 weekly shots of Orthovisc on both, bone-to-bone knees. During the first 45 minutes after  injection the knees feel like brand new again. Then, it  wears off. But..after 2 weeks upon completion of the 4 shots, my knees feel wonderful. An amazing treatment, give it some time to really start working."
"I am using minox for 4 months , it worked a lot to me on the top region. am doing this review for those who are worried about the issue . I was one among those who searched for  the reviews. but it worked perfect for me. I still  have heard for many it doesn&#039;t work.  I am happy that it worked for me . I don&#039;t how long am gonna use this . I&#039;ll try to use it as long as I  can. Because I had great result and hope that this result will last for long time. I don&#039;t have much side effect coz I used one ml in the morning and one ml night.  But when I tried 2ml straight away at night I had some drowsiness in the morning..just try this for 2 to 3 months if it works then continue or if it didn&#039;t just leave it  don&#039;t continue it."
"I suffered from horrible acne on my chest and back and mild acne on my face and was prescribed Oracea. At first I was really against taking a pill for acne, but this stuff worked. It is to this day the ONLY medication that works to take my acne away. No side effects, worked great with my birth control, and you could skip a day or two and it wouldn&#039;t cause breakouts. I used this with a topical cream known as Aczone. These two together work WONDERS! So sad that I can&#039;t take it anymore it&#039;s really expensive if your insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. I&#039;m on Minocyclin at the moment and it&#039;s not working and I&#039;m having horrible side effects :( if your insurance covers Oracea and you suffer from acne--HIGHLY RECOMMEND getting this!!!"
"It opens your airways"
"Mirtazapine has helped me on more than one occasion.  I&#039;ve cycled through the gamut of antidepressants including but not limited to: Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil, etc., but nothing really worked until Remeron.  Thought I was okay to stop all medicines a year ago and did fine for awhile but now feeling awful again; depressed and underweight.  Renewed my script today and taking my first dose of R.E.M.eron tonight.  Bring on the munchies!  I just love a donut."
"I have been using NuvaRing for a couple years now and so far it&#039;s been great! Without some form of birth control I&#039;m a roller coaster of emotions and Nuvaring has really helped balance my hormones and keep my cycle on a 28 day schedule. I have also noticed a significant reduction in cramps and much lighter periods. My only concern is that it&#039;s not going to be effective against pregnancy, but I have been using it as the directions instruct so I guess only time will tell, but they say it&#039;s just as effective as the oral pill. My boyfriend has commented that he can feel it, but it doesn&#039;t seem to be that big of a deal for us so far."
"I took 1 pill and about 6 hours later, I was getting out of my car and woke up on the sidewalk. I had passed out with no warning signs or symptoms. I passed out again within 2 minutes of the first time. I went to the local Urgent Care and after speaking to the doctor, he believes it was a side effect of the zpak. That is the only change in any food, drink or medication for weeks. I was not overheated and I was hydrated prior to passing out."
"I am 30yrs old. I started getting headache&#039;s when I was about 11 yrs old. This is the only medicine I&#039;ve found that will help my headaches."
"I have had terrible visits in the ER rooms for breathing and stomach trouble. They Protonix and Pepcid;neither of which worked at all. I was just miserable. Finally -- I  decided on my own to try Zantac because I thought the packaging looked cool. LOL. (That&#039;s me -- always into the boxes!) and WOW what a difference. The last week I have actually been able to lie down and sleep at night without feeling restrictive air flow problems or feel unable to lie flat.
I actually enjoy my life now.
Very happy to have found this medication."
"This is hands down the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever been on!! I&#039;ve never been so bloated, exhausted and miserable. I&#039;ve gotten horrible pains In my ovaries, not to mention my stomach is a mess. I&#039;ve also broken out like crazy! I&#039;ve called my insurance company and I&#039;m going to pay 50$ a month to go back to ortho tri cyclen because I never want to feel like this again. This differently isn&#039;t the same as ortho tri cyclen . If you have a choice I suggest pick any other birth control besides tri lo sprintec!"
"It work great, I&#039;m 37 and have had back pain for about 15 years now.  I have tried several things over the years and nothing work for more than a week or two.  I didn&#039;t  realize how well Zipsor worked until I went on vacation for a week and forgot to take it.  I was in pain all week long.  When I got home, I start taking it again and I fill better than I have in 15 years."
"Sore Throat Guy: About a week ago I had a sore throat. I begantaking two pills a day of Augmentin which had always worked well for me but not this time and I had taken about 7 days of it. Yesterday I returned to my family doctor because I began having a very bad ear ache. He decided to give me a shot of Rocephin. The nurse came in with the shot and she told me that it was going to hurt. I told her I wanted it in my left hip. She again told me it was going to hurt I told her. She said here we go and I saw when she inserted the needle and I told her I didn&#039;t even feel it she sorta laughed. Then she began injecting it and I&#039;ve had shots before however she was right. IT HURT! Today my pain is 99.9% gone. So it worked great for me."
"I have used this medication since the late 80&#039;s for migraines and it works wonders.  I have tried other medication and nothing works as well and fast as Fiorinal."
"My daughter started breaking out 2 years ago and we tried almost everything out there. She started high school this fall and was very insecure about her face, she has been on minocycline for about three months and we have noticed a significant change. Her face is not 100% clear however it&#039;s improved quite a bit. She has more confident which is just a blessing. I have also started taking minocycline for my cystic acne and it has helped. Good luck to you all, acne is such a difficult problem to deal with so best wishes to you all."
"I&#039;ve been back on this (150mg) for 5 days, after being on it a few years as a teenager and taking a 4 year break. I&#039;m not seeing any Beginning This Drug stories so I&#039;m adding mine!

I have borderline and complex-ptsd, as well as some undiagnosed odds and ends of symptoms (delusions and hallucinations). 
-day 1 hit me like a truck. Weird visual warping and feeling hazy and clumsy, but not sick. In a good mood!
-weed appears to hit faster and harder, but no ill effects otherwise
-dry mouth
-racing thoughts are slow and quiet for the first time in years
-suicidal thoughts still there, but different
-fear replaced by static"
"Been on mirtazipine for two years now. 45 mg at first must admit was not very enthusiastic as I had tried a few others but must admit given the way I was at the time was a godsend to me !! It took a good while to get into my system at the start . Sweats . Nightmares and even more panicking but once they started to work I have completely changed my life !! I am now back performing on stage singing and nobody would ever know that I suffer with depression! But one thing I am aware of is  if I run out of my pills .. like I did when I went on holiday and decided to stay an extra 10 days !! I was in the world of trouble !! .. the withdrawal from such a dose is absolutely terrifying!! And needs to be done with support and doctors!!"
"Ive been on this pill for two months and so far so good ..I have acne prone skin but this pill doesnt give me more acne. My face is actually more clear. And my periods happen on the third day of my innactive pills and it last 3 days instead of 5 which is pretty great for me. My periods are naturally really light but on the pill they are almost unnoticeable.I havent gained weight or anything and im not experiencing any negative side effects. pill works different for everyone or maybe the bad just hasnt kicked in yet...either way..this pill is amazing"
"Oh God. Had mine put in 8 months ago. It will keep you from getting pregnant, but lordy! Have had serious cramps, been physically sick, no sex drive, 20lb weight gain.. Decided to have it removed. They said that it had expelled and it had came out of the uterus prior to the visit. I&#039;m still cramping 3 days later. I feel like I&#039;ve been kicked in the uterus. Don&#039;t do it."
"Currently on my first dose of Suprep. I should mention, I&#039;m 20 years old and otherwise very healthy, I drank the whole first bottle with water in about 10 minutes at 6 pm. The taste was honestly horrific, I almost puked it up every time I sipped on it (so I finally just chugged it).  I think I&#039;m going to dilute the second dose with more water because it was so salty I wanted to vomit.

It&#039;s now 7:25 pm and I&#039;ve gone at least 15 times. Everything is running clear already so I really don&#039;t want to do the second dose in the morning... But alas, it is what it is. I&#039;ve been ridiculously nauseous since I first drank it, been trying to keep up with my water intake but have come close to vomiting several times so I&#039;m trying to take it slow."
"I have been on this medicine for over three years now, same time everyday.  I did not gain any weight due to the medicine.  I loved that I no longer had periods, especially living near the beach.  However, I have just started spotting virtually everyday and having cramps.  I have real bad periods off of the pills, but I am considering going without pills again."
"I HATE this Birth Control! I was on a different kind that my body finally adjusted to when all of a sudden the pharmacy I went to switched me to this without any warning. I was upset! They claimed that it has the same ingredients. I&#039;m almost In my 3rd month of taking it and I get dizzy, weak, tired and nauseous. I hate it so much! I also feel irritated and a lot of anxiety. I never had these side affects. I will be getting off of this. It&#039;s horrible and makes life miserable."
"I thought that this drug was spectacular. I got a little rash, chapped lips, and dry skin, but my severe acne was cleared away by this miracle drug."
"Was given a three-day dose of 500mg.  Felt better within 12 hours"
"It really wasn&#039;t that bad. Tasted like grape cough syrup. I was nervous taking it, but it was akin to eating too much Nutri-sweet. Similar gas at first, then, it kicks in. Not violently though. I had plenty of time to make it to the toilet. My 1st dose took about 2 hrs to kick in. I am awaiting the second one as I write this."
"Diag early onset Parkinson&#039;s at 46yo.  I was having off and on again sleep attacks in the afternoons.  No amount of coffee can power you through one.  This keeps me through the afternoon."
"Luvox is an amazing medication for me. I couldn&#039;t think my own thoughts, all I had were racing, intrusive and obsessive thoughts. My compulsions were out of control too due to inability to control my thoughts. I was off of the med for 3 years and was in a bad way, constant suicidal ideations.  I felt like myself again after the first dose, I can control unwanted thoughts and think of things I want or need to and can solve issues.  I can usually control my compulsions now.  I couldn&#039;t socialize either and now I can. 100 mg at night with 15 mg of Buspar. I am so grateful for this medication!"
"For someone who has been on 7 different birth control pills, I&#039;m pleased with Natazia.  I have had side effects all the way from vomiting/nausea to water retention and mood swings on other pills.  I have noticed NO side effects on Natazia thus far; I have been on it for 2 months.  I am giving my positive experience on Natazia because I think it&#039;s needed.  Hopefully it will help others not to prejudge it.  Give it a try.  And if you&#039;re looking for a pill that gives you virtually no period, this will do it!"
"I was hospitalized after taking the first dose (25mg). I had severe chest pain, left arm pain, and dizziness. After all testing, the cardiologist determined the medication caused the above effects."
"I had taken Aviane for about 6 months straight and I did not like it.  My periods were a lot longer, my cramps were very bad, and I started breaking out on my face.  I also had a loss of appetite, and felt more tired everyday.  I do have to say it did help in preventing pregnancy, but I did not like the side effects.  I am going to see if I can change birth control."
"I have been on the Sprintec birth control pill for about almost a month now, this is my first pack &amp; once I&#039;m done I won&#039;t be starting another one. It makes me feel so sick &amp; I had two long periods a week apart &amp; seven days each already this month."
"I started Belviq XR yesterday.  Took my first pill at 9am.  I realized at noon that I hadn&#039;t had my normal daily healthy snack, and that I wasn&#039;t hungry for lunch. I did eat lunch at 1:30, but only a few bites and I lost all interest.  I felt a little dizzy later in the afternoon, so I had some carrots, and had to force my dinner down later and ate 3/4 of it.  Never did I feel hungry all day.  I can see, with this pill, you have to force yourself to eat.  I had absolutely NO cravings yesterday for anything. I did get cold later in the afternoon, which I&#039;m NEVER cold.  And, my skin got tingly.. like I put icy/hot on it.  Other than that, and a little lightheadedness, I had no other side effects. Will update again at the 1 week mark."
"Hi all. I am 31, 5&#039;9, 270 lbs. I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 8 days. On the 1st day I experienced a slight headache. I&#039;ve had no other side effects since then. After 4 days of Belviq, eating VERY healthy small portions &amp; doing 40 min of intense aerobics, I had not lost a pound! I was discouraged &amp; figured I wasn&#039;t a responder. My appetite wasn&#039;t suppressed either. Then I decided to take it on an empty stomach instead of with my meals. It works for me 100% now. Once I take it, I don&#039;t want anything to eat for about 3 hours. During that time, I just drink water. In the last 3 days I&#039;ve lost 6 lbs! I&#039;ll update again once my 30 day subscription is up. Feeling HOPEFUL again!"
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac 20mg since almost 2 months, for having severe depression and suicidal thoughts and death scenarios, I just want to say that this medicine is a life savior, it works miracles, regardless the fact of having so much dizziness (especially when working out), but thoughts get more positive by time."
"So I was taking a name brand of this jolviette for about 5 months I loved it worked for me and no symptoms on it at all. Well then my insurance told me I had to switch to optum rx and they gave me this terrible generic it was horrible. I literally only took it for a week I had extreme dizziness also terrible bloating to the point I could hardly eat and I was constipated and super gassy. I was constantly hungry I had gained 2 pounds just from a week I felt hot all the time. I literally felt like I was on a period 24/7, I even had headaches everyday, it got so unbearable I felt like crap 24/7 I couldn&#039;t take it. So I stopped the pill and I feel so much better I will be going back on my normal pill and will never be taking this again!"
"I started taking adipex on 3/31/2017 with the starting weight if 213. As of today 4/5/2017, my weight is 205. I&#039;m very excited."
"I have really bad asthma and nothing seemed to help.  I recently started taking Singulair and my asthma has improved unbelievably.  No more wheezing and severe headaches.  I feel like a new person."
"I was put on Breo Ellipta because my asthma is not well controlled on any other medication that I&#039;ve previously been put on. For the first two weeks or so it gave me a really sore throat but that went away. I haven&#039;t had ANY asthma attacks since starting. It&#039;s completely stopped any wheezing as well. It&#039;s an amazing medication. I went from having several attacks - varying in severity - every day to none at all. It&#039;s also free for the first year with a coupon even if you don&#039;t have insurance. I&#039;m so thankful for Breo Ellipta. Even if the sore throat wouldve stayed, I wouldn&#039;t have stopped using it. The benefits for me far outweigh the cons."
"I had a very serere bladder infection. My urologist prescribed Cipro and it worked like a charm. I didn&#039;t suffer any side effects."
"I have been on the depo shot for a year now.. ITS AWESOME!! I don&#039;t have periods at all.. only spotted for a couple of week for the first month and a few days before my last shot.. my cramps aren&#039;t as bad as they were before I started the shot.. the only thing I notice I can relate to on the other women&#039;s post is my emotions are slightly unstable.. I want to cry about EVERYTHING!!! not to the point where its uncontrollable but just to things that should not make me wanna cry (radio commercials, funny tv shows, etc.) other then that I feel great! no weight gain, loss of sleep, or excessive bleeding.. I am very happy with bc!!"
"I started to take Spintec about 3 years ago. I did not have any side effects. Prior to taking Sprintec, I had HORRIBLE periods: heavy cramping, heavy flow, etc. Sprintec reduced my cramping and heavy flow. I workout about 5 times a week so I didn&#039;t notice any weight gain. However, for almost 6 months, I stopped taking it because my prescription ran out and I had to go see my doctor. I also was not sexually active for those 6 months so I did not feel the need to be on it. I just started taking it again. I recommend Sprintec to every woman who wants a cheap, effective form of birth control. Just be aware that every body is different. Find what works for you."
"I was on this medication for 2 years and I felt great..no anxiety.. I weaned off over 3 months and have totally been off for 3 month.. All my issues came back. Just started back today fingers crossed it works again. I should have never stopped taking. It was a life changer"
"Used the product on my face for 6 weeks twice a day for two days every week. Depending on the extent of sun damage, the effects are dramatic and nasty looking. After the 2nd week the treated area looks like a bad sun burn, it itches, peels, weeps, bleeds and burns. But the results after stopping for 3-4 weeks are very good."
"I suffer from degenerative disc disease.  For years I was unable to live a normal functioning life.  My Doc had me taking 4/10mg Norcos &amp; 4/30mg Morphine pills daily.  While they gave me some relief, I was still in a great deal of pain and felt like I was taking pills all the time. I spoke to my Doc about my continuing pain and the constant pill popping with minimal relief.  She told me about Oxycontin.  She said that she didn&#039;t normally prescribe it and only had one other patient on it but, I could try it to see if it gave me any better relief.  I take 3/40mg Oxycontins daily now and the difference in my life is amazing.  I hate the way people treat me when they learn that I am taking Oxy.  It works wonders so get off our backs."
"I am 22 years old and have been on the Paragaurd for 4 months now and have not had a baby yet. When getting the paragaurd put in I was very nervous. It only hurt when they actually inserted it and it was only for a few seconds. I was really crampy that night and a little bit that day. My first couple periods were so heavy I was using a super plus tampon with a pad on every 3 hours for the first day in a half. I still have to use the Super Plus tampon but not every 3 hours its about every 5 hours now and its not so bad. The only thing I hate about the paragaurd is I will have really bad discharge a couple weeks before I get my period. The last two periods I&#039;ve had really bad discharge for a week after my period which is so annoying!"
"I had my second Nexplanon implant fitted in August 2015. I love the implant, maybe I have been lucky but the only side effects I have experienced are an occasional itchy arm and irregular periods. When I had my first Nexplanon implant fitted in 2012 it did however take a good 3 months to &quot;settle&quot; and my body to get used to it, I think I bled for 3-4 weeks straight but if you are willing to persevere I would definitely recommend it. 

It did not hurt when it was fitted, removed or replaced in the Same arm although I did have some bruising for a week or so. 

I did lots of research before having my Nexplanon implant fitted, there seems to be far more horror stories than success, but for me it has been really positive and I love it."
"I had a tubal ligation and told the nurse beforehand that I was worried about the general anesthesia making me vomit, disturbing my incision. She gave me this patch behind my ear, and I didn&#039;t feel one bit of nausea after the surgery. I left it on for four days (even though it is rated for 3) just to make sure, and it worked flawlessly."
"I have been taking 10MG of Lipitor for about 18 years, it has worked wonderful for me no problems at all with the drug."
"I&#039;ve been using Lidocaine patches for years now. Recently I became a Medicare patient and can no longer afford them.  
A friend of mine brought me some of hers. 
They were made by Mylan. 
1.  They would not stick unless I used paper tape to hold them down (this is a must if you have to use these). 2.  When I wore them on the inside of my knee they split into. 3. I did not receive any pain relief. 4.  These cost $100&#039;s if you do not have insurance. Medicare will Not pay. 
5.  Anyone that gives this product anything but a 1 must have stock in the company. 
The GOOD NEWS! 
While  I cannot afford them, I will tell  you I was using  same percentage but made by a company called Watson. These patches are over 1/8&quot; thick gel/cloth back. These WORK!"
"Lo Loestrin Fe is by far the best birth control I have ever tried! I cannot tell you how many different contraceptives I have tried and they have all made me miserable. I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects on Lo Loestrin Fe. My skin is clear, my periods last maybe a day and it&#039;s super light. Absolutely no cramps or nausea. My weight fluctuates on its own so I wouldn&#039;t blame the pill for that lol."
"I&#039;m introverted and suffered some depression and anxiety due to a recent IRS audit and personal problems at home , I landed in the hospital for 4 days after test on my heart etc everything cleared but stress and anxiety , I&#039;m 40 and in good shape , Dr put me on Lexapro , first two weeks were brutal , emotional rollercoster and insomia, I asked my Dr if he was sure these were not estrogen pills. After two weeks I started to feel awesome , better then before I&#039;m on my eighth week and lost weight , motivated to go to gym , tolerate my wife&#039;s extroverted friends , I feel better then I did my entire life , even before my depression issues , crowds and loud people go over my head nothing irritates me anymore , sexual sides I last longer win win"
"In one week , medicine brought my fasting sugar level from 245 to 102 
Amazing medicine with no side effects"
"Very effective medication for Social Anxiety and depression. Started working fairly fast, and for over 5 months my depression, and then I came off of it. Made me sleepy, but I also had sleep apnea that I didn&#039;t realize I had."
"I have suffered depression since the age of 14, and it was never treated. Last year, at age 20, I reached a new extreme. I was volatile, angry, irritated and I withdrew completely from life. It physically hurt me to be around the people I loved. I hated myself, and constantly felt disconnected from the life I was meant to be living. The week my psychologist prescribed me Prisitiq, I had a breakdown at Uni. I went home, sat on the front step and cried silently for hours. The next day, I started Pristiq. I have never felt better. I have bad days, as we all do; however, Pristiq and I are good buddies now, and she never makes me feel sick."
"I take 300mg of Wellbutrin XL daily along with Lexapro and have for over a year now. It seems to be a good mix, but definitely don&#039;t take more than the recommended dosage. "
"I&#039;m 38, have struggled with depression and been suicidal searching for help since I was 13-14. Finally found a psychiatrist who understood. She prescribed 100 seroquel daily and ect. Only had 3 out of 4 ect treatments. That together with seroquel have never felt better or more stable in my life. Still have issue with anxiety with writing essays. Was prescribed a 25mg tablet to put under tongue. It works great.
I had trouble at first with medication as I was taking morning and night. I would be falling asleep at pre start meetings at work. I know take nightly before bed. I sleep great and wake up refreshed. This drug works. You just have to work out the right time to take it."
"So I&#039;ve been on the Nexplanon for 3 years and 6 months. Had it for the first 3 years and I noticed that I had gained quite a bit of weight, roughly 50 pounds. My doctor recommended that I get it again because it was so effective, so I agreed. I&#039;m about 6 months in and I&#039;ve already gained 12 more pounds, mood swings, low libido, and sever depression. Oh and I also have an ovarian cyst, which I think was caused by the increase in hormones. This birth control is terrible I do not recommend it."
"Amazing, works well for panic attacks, etc."
"I started taking Zyban 4 weeks ago. I&#039;m on the 12 week course of treatment. I&#039;ve been smoking 17 years (started smoking at age 11) I&#039;m now 28. I&#039;ve tried quitting many times with patches and the gum and even tried the vape cigs. My quit date was March 16th and I have cravings but they don&#039;t bother me. It&#039;s weird but it&#039;s just like a quick thought that pops up and then you are like nope not today and its over with. The main side effect I&#039;ve had is drowsiness. I&#039;ve slept a lot. After I take my dose, I literally pass out and wake up hours later. Also, I feel drained, but I&#039;m thinking these side effects may be my body going through withdrawal. I have felt a little nervousness here and there. Overall, it&#039;s been good."
"I have suffered from generalized anxiety disorder for longer than I care to remember.  Went through too many anti-depressants that all failed.  I was told the Buspar was an &quot;oldie but goodie.&quot;  I was reluctant to even try another pill and was of the notion that drinking wine was going to be my alternate choice, (which I didn&#039;t care to start).  Buspar has been my answer.  It&#039;s brought calm into my life.  I recommend this &quot;magic pill.&quot;"
"By far the most effective medication I have tried (out of at least a dozen) for treating my severe social anxiety and panic attacts.  Virtually all symptoms were relieved."
"I never had ADD or problems focusing and staying motivated before I had chemotherapy for Ewing&#039;s Sarcoma at 16-17 years old. I&#039;m now 24 and started being treated for those symptoms with Focalin XR earlier this year. It was night and day difference for me. I had energy, yes the first week I was shakey but that stops, I lost weight gained from conituning to eat like a weight lifting football player but had very little movement at all. I felt great, I can get things done now. Motivation is now just lacking from my lack of trying but when I get on something I blaze through it. Negative effects I have experienced are occasional moodiness, especially if I am focused on something and then get interrupted. Caffeine is a no no."
"After taking Cipralex for anxiety for over 6 months, I began to experience very low mood and energy levels. My doctor recommended I switch to Cymbalta. Overall my experience has been positive. I didn&#039;t even notice, but on Cipralex I had a very decreased sex drive that rebounded right back once I was put on Cymbalta. I had trouble finishing the first 2 weeks during sex, but this side effect along with decreased appetite dissipated after the first 3 weeks of treatment. Overall my mood has stabilized and I feel very good on this drug. Please note that people tend to report either great or horrible experiences and everyone reacts to drugs differently. Take reviews with a grain of salt and always collaborate with your doctor for best results."
"I had an epidural injection in my low back yesterday no problems with the propofal however when I took my regular doses of pain medication that day I had a very deep sleep that is very unusual for me and it was actually alarming to my husband who had to shake me to get my response after over 15 hours time since the sedation."
"Helped me alot with daily symptoms like chest and rib tightness, which made me think this was a heart condition. Several test proved wrong. Great with controling anxiety symptoms, however issue with thinking clearly or hold a thought for to long."
"Was put on Brintellix, took for 3.5 days and in that time it sent my anxiety through the roof.  I ended up losing any confidence I had and basically had a breakdown. While it increased my energy,  I couldn&#039;t sleep and it brought back all the fear of my life before"
"I&#039;ve had Hep c for 42 years, Unknown to me.
Had an occular migraine and ended up in hospital to find I had low platelets. Which led to hep c diagnosis
First month sick as can be nausea, headache, fatigue  and insomnia. But after 4 weeeks no hep c detected!
I&#039;m almost done my second month and symptoms wax and wane-mostly nausea and fatigue.
Hoping that after the next month my results are still perfect and that I am cured.

"
"I have been taking Valium every day for 5 years for anxiety and muscle spasms. Good to kill 2 birds with one stone.

I take a relatively microscopic dose of 2.5mg/day, and after 5 years, I have probably built up a tolerance to it so that this tiny dose has no physiological effect any more. But even if I&#039;m now getting the placebo effect from it, I don&#039;t care. I don&#039;t have panic attacks any more and that&#039;s all I really care about."
"My husband took this drug for 3-4 weeks and got worse and worse that we took him off of it.   Horrible drug!!!!!!!!!!   He began to hallucinate, could not sleep, memory was worse, loss of appetite, talking in his sleep all night long, started falling, just awful side effects.   Would never want him on this drug again."
"I&#039;m 21 and I have had eczema since I was a baby, however it has only been within the last three years that my skin has really suffered. I got very low after trying countless creams. I had light therapy which to me I found pointless as it only made me burn, which made me scratch more. I have eczema all over my body, literally everywhere so you can imagine, as fellow sufferers, how painful and uncomfortable this is. I started using Elocon a few days ago and I must say the improvement is phenomenal. I really would recommend this as my skin is almost clear! So pleased with the results so far!"
"I have been taking Armour Thryroid 60 mg/day for about 9 months and some of my symptoms of Hypothyroidism improved, however my (Jan 2012) lab tests suggested I was still low.  My doctor doubled the dose to 120 mg/day.  In the past, I occasionally noticed some small pimples in the area of my lower lip and chin but after two weeks on the higher dose, I started &quot;blooming&quot; all over my face and neck. I looked like I was suffering from a case of measles or severe acne. My doctor advised me to immediately stop the Armour.  I have read a number if reports of people experiencing the same or similar allergic reaction to the changed Armour formula."
"Zyprexa has given me my life back in 4 weeks!  I have the worst panic attacks and chronic nausea ever!!  I have been on every medication under the sun with no relief, if not worse nausea because of the side effects of all the medications.  I was on Klonopin, propranolol, hydroxyzine, and zofran every single day and I was still having really bad nausea and panic attacks so bad, I could not leave my house.  Dr. prescribed Zyprexa 5mg and after 3 days, I started eating again.  I have already gained 2 lbs but I needed to because I was so nauseated I couldn&#039;t eat.  I&#039;m so excited that I can eat again without feeling everything is going to come back up!!!! I hope it doesn&#039;t &quot;poop-out&quot; on me bc It&#039;s been a miracle!!"
"It&#039;s wonderful I love it I&#039;m back from the dead"
"I have suffered from migraines for 35 years and have tried absolutely everything for them.  Between my preventatives and abortives, I&#039;ve been on over 75 different medications.. Cafergot is the ONLY medication outside of a Demerol injection at the emergency room that eliminates my migraines--even a level 10.  However, I do experience extreme nausea from it--on top of the nausea from my migraine attack.  Because of the level of nausea I often will not take it until my migraine is a level 9 or higher."
"I use psyllium husk every day to keep me regular. But once in awhile I need a little extra boost. I take a half a pill before bed (really difficult to cut in half even with a pill cutter) and after my 2nd cup of coffee...TOUCHDOWN. No cramps...works great"
"I decided to switch to this from Reclipsen (Apri) because I liked the idea of only four periods a year. Big mistake. This birth control made me break out like I never have before. I also gained about 25 pounds while on this. Being a young woman, those are the two biggest things I look for in a birth control pill, besides effectiveness obviously. The chemical difference between the two pills obviously did not agree with my body, and I switched back to Reclipsen after about 6 months. I will be sticking to Reclipsen for a long time."
"Started working within 2 hours for me, and lasted for up to 12-16 hours. Gives me really strong erection (100%). I prefer Viagra to Cialis because for me Cialis is slow to work (3-6 hours) and the quality of erection is poorer (max 80%). "
"Took 1 pill woke up with rapid heartbeat 117 , chills, fever, head pressure, blood pressure high and nausea.  It&#039;s been 4 hrs and heartbeat not back to normal.
Beware, this is one bad drug"
"If I could give a neg 100 I would. I hate this drug. Horrible side effects, I&#039;m still dizzy and have brainfog after 3 months. I had a severe headache, vomiting, severe anxiety, horrible brainfog, fatigue,  no appetite.  I still have anxiety! Cipro, or any fluoroquinolone are usually prescribed with this. I have to say shame on all the doctors who give any fluoroquinolone out since Bayer themselves and the FDA sent out warning letters.  FDA safety review found that both oral and injectable fluroquinolones are associated with disabling side effects involving tendons, muscles, joints, nerves and the central nervous system. These side effects can occur hours to weeks after exposure to fluoroquinolones and may potentially be permanent. "
"I&#039;m about 4 weeks in on 15mg slowly transitioning to 30mg. I&#039;m a 6&#039;2 male in my mid 30&#039;s and before i began Mirtz i was 182 pounds. Today i&#039;m 199 pounds in just 4 weeks! One other condition this drug is used for is an appetite stimulant and i can see why as i will eat anything anyone puts in front of me. I feel like an ogre now when i eat, literally can eat 2 full meals at a time. Trying to exercise more to fight off the crazy gains. Overall i&#039;m taking this for Major depression, anxiety and insomnia. So far so good for those 3, things are slowly getting better. The dreams from Mirtz are crazy! Every night is a new adventure. Don&#039;t feel too groggy the next day. I will post an update in a few weeks once the 30mg has a chance to kick in."
"I had a good experience on this medicine.  After years of nothing working, I lost 35 pounds over 8 months.  Started at 206lbs, ended at 170lbs.  I&#039;ve always been active, exercising 6 days a week and I ate well. The medicine turned off any cravings I had and I felt full after only a few bites of the healthy food I was eating. There were two big down sides.  First, the cost!  It went from $150 to $190 in the 7 months I took it. To add to it, my state requires monthly check ins at the Dr. which add $60 a month for a total of $250/month.  If I was continuing to drop a lot of weight, it might have been worth it but I plateaued and for the last 3 months did not lose any weight.  Been off for 3 months and I have maintained. I would consider taking it again."
"I Love This Birth Control. I forget I even have it! It&#039;s painless and leaves very little scaring. I got this in August 2010 and I have had NO problems! I spot from time to time but very little and not even every month that I even spot. I was told awful things about this and none have been true to me since I&#039;ve been on this over a year. I will for sure without a doubt get this again. I love it."
"I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease about a month ago, and I am 15 years old. I take 400mg of Pentasa 3x daily along with other pills to stop inflammation. So far it&#039;s been working great. I still get abdominal pain occasionally which is a lot better than it used to be."
"I have a herniated disk in my back, and experience back pain and knee pain. I had gotten to the point where I could not get out of a chair and weight bear on my right leg. After MRI&#039;s of my back, knee, and hips my orthopedist referred me to a neurologist, because he could not figure out what was causing the pain. I was also experiencing numbness and tingling in my feet. My neurologist started me on 7.5 mgs of Mobic. I am now able to get up from a chair and bear weight on my right leg. 
I have GERD&#039;s so I take Prilosec every day. I have not had any side effects. I will say that my pain is not completely gone, but greatly improved! My neurologist also referred me to physical therapy, and will also be doing a nerve conduction test."
"SO...
DO  NOT BE AFRAID!!!
I have been panicked for 2 months about the taste of this stuff...
I tried the gallon jug stuff 2 months ago and completely wimped out and cancelled the appt...
A friend of mine died just last night due to complications from colon cancer if that was not a sign to get this medicine down I don&#039;t know what was...
ANYWAY...
Refrigerate the night before...get crystal light powder mix...
mix up a batch and keep in refrigerator over night..
slice up one lemon..
mix your solution with crystal light mixture...
I also got a starbucks valencia orange refresher and some pineapple tea..
pour your suprep mixture into 4 4oz cups...
suck a lemon..chug one 4oz cup...suck a lemon....wait 5 minutes repeat...drink 32oz of warm tea...."
"My doctor had me on a dosage of Acular LS of one drop per eye per day.  It ELIMINATED my photophobia (sensitivity and pain) which was caused by cornea transplants that I needed to treat my Keratoconus.

Even though my dosage was 1/4 the normal dosage recommendation my doctor took me off the Acular LS since a known effect of the medication at normal dosages is thinning of the cornea.

I have found no other treatment that helps with my photophobia.

This stuff will sting when you use it, but it definitely works.  For the time that I used it, I could participate in outdoor activities, view fireworks, basically tolerate normal activities.  Without it, I&#039;m confined to a dark hole.

So the product is great!  Just wish I could continue using it."
"After reading all the reviews and trying just about everything under the sun, I have found something that works for my lower back pain.

I was in a car accident when I was 14 and broke my L4&amp;5, since then I have been dealing with back pain (I am now 40).

Last year my Dr. Discussed cymbalta with me. After doing some research I decided to give it a whirl, I was almost turned off the idea due to some of the negative experiences...glad I tried it.

I am currently pain free, I did experience some side effects all of which dissapeared before 5 months;
Excessive yawning
Not being able to ejaculate during sex
Feeling of tiredness
Some anxiety
Sweats
Weight gain
Vivid dreams
kept peeing a little after I thought I was done

Give it time, if you try!"
"I hate to share this for everyone but this pill did not work for me. We used a condom, it broke, took plan b about 8 hours later. Everyone reassured me I was fine but after I was about a week and half late I started to feel nauseas and I knew something was wrong. Took a pregnancy test and it was positive. I am currently 2 months pregnant!"
"I&rsquo;ve had the liletta IUD for 3 months now, so I&rsquo;ve had a little time to observe how my body feels with it. I&rsquo;ve yet to gain weight, I&rsquo;ve actually lost 8 pounds. (I&rsquo;ve been trying) I don&rsquo;t feel any hormonal mood swings that I would count as out of the ordinary. I do get random cramping and low back pain before my period starts, but it&rsquo;s manageable. My sex drive increased at first, but seems about normal now. I do not feel &ldquo;dry&rdquo; as I&rsquo;ve heard some complain of. And I&rsquo;m still getting a period about once a month-six weeks. It lasts about 12 days instead of 7 but it&rsquo;s light. Overall, I&rsquo;m loving this so far! All those nasty hormonal side effects I had with other methods have yet to appear."
"I had cystic nodular acne on my face, back, and chest. I&#039;ve tried every acne medication under the sun!! Accutane worked great and i could tell a difference within a month of using it. It&#039;s been 3 years since I took it and I&#039;m still all clear. I would recommend Accutane to anyone with acne."
"I have been taking Yaz for 4 years, due to irregular cycle related to ovarian cysts.  I am pleased that my periods are shorter and there is absolutely no cramping.  It has helped alleviate hormonal migraines and my skin has never been more clear.  Prior to birth control, my cycle was completely irregular, such as skipping months altogether, and it was frustrating being so unpredictable.  Now, I know exactly when my period is coming.  The only  negatives: I did gain a little weight and it is expensive since I don&#039;t have insurance."
"This medication was exactly what I needed for my schizoaffective and bipolar disorders.  There has been absolutely no weight gain and no noticeable side effects.  It has seriously levelled out my bipolar cycles, no paranoid delusions and the depressive episodes are less painful.  I know that one med won&#039;t work for some people, but this was exactly what I needed.  After being on zyprexa and gaining 10 pounds a month, this was a life saver."
"I realize my review may be very premature, but I wanted to offer some insight from someone who just started taking Enbrel. My first shot was 3 days ago and I already feel like a new woman. In fact, there was a remarkable difference the next morning - less than 12 hours after my first shot! I have had RA for over 15 years; diagnosed at age 16. I have been on methotrexate, leflunomide, and even vioxx back when that was still on the market. Nothing provided the relief I needed, but I was terrified to go on a biologic drug because of all the possible side effects. I finally bit the bullet and started Enbrel because the pain was unbearable and caused terrible depression and even thoughts of suicide. At least for now, Enbrel is a God-send!"
"I have been taking abilify for OCD and Body Dysmophic Disorder for about 2 months and it has helped but I do have a few small side effects like insomnia and a feeling of restlessness but I feel the help outweighs my side effects."
"I would NOT recommend this patch to anyone. The company has printed in black ink the product name on the patch itself, which is beyond dumb!!  The glue leaves huge circle on your underwear that will not come off. The glue leaves circles on your skin when the patch is removed, which is almost impossible to come off. I used Vivelle before and had none of these problems, plus the patch was half the size as this product. Insurance said this product was a generic and would no longer pay for the Vivelle."
"I recently started taking Lyrica for two herniated discs. The doctor said I have massive nerve damage that will result in surgery but suggested taking this medication temporarily until surgery because my pain was unbearable! At first I was a little off balance but within a week I wasn&#039;t constantly in pain....within a month my pain was almost gone and I refuse to do surgery now! Thanks Lyrica for making this happen!"
"Clears the mind of weird thoughts, delusions and hallucinations. Weight gain has been noted as well as a general feeling of restlessness and drowsiness. I&#039;m always on slow-motion and need to think things twice or 3 times. Still better than having conversations with dead people or thinking my brain can see in the future... by the way, DON&#039;T try quitting this drug cold turkey. It&#039;s a recipe for disaster."
"I have been on Contrave since Nov 24, 2015. The first week the only symptom I noticed was dry mouth. I have not weighed myself yet. Although I have already started the medication, I&#039;m not so much focused on the pounds lost than I am with controlling my eating/smoking habits. I start going to the gym next week so I am very excited that this medicine will help me quit smoking and in turn get me motivated to working out and losing the weight. I have noticed I have not been as hungry and I&#039;m drinking more water. I am now up to 2 pills a day and have only noticed a slight headache along with dry mouth, but I will remain positive."
"I tried the Diclofenic pills and they did not do anything.  It wasn&#039;t untill I did the gel, that it had soothing effects.  Someone suggested the Blu EMU stuff, but it had no effects on me."
"I took it one hour after I had sex, 6 days later I bled lightly and thought I was spotting which scared the heck out of me. My period was 5 days late, but it came, and since it was my first time using Aftera or any type of birth control, it threw my period off which is what it is intended to do. It worked therefore it gets a 10 from me, I am 20 and 160lbs. PS: don&#039;t be stupid and continue to have unprotected sex after you take it because it won&#039;t protect against that!"
"I take Phentermine 37.5 and a side effect is horrible insomnia. I went almost a solid two weeks before I called my doc to help me find something that would keep me sleeping through the night. She gave me GABA. I take it 30 minutes prior to when I want to get to sleep with my 75mg of Topirimate and my Spironolatone and within the hour, I&#039;m out. I&#039;m very sensitive to medication also. But I woke up feeling refreshed and not at all zombie-like. I woke up at 2am to give my son a bottle and diaper change with no problem waking up and going back to sleep. I&#039;ve only taken this medicine for four nights but very happy on it so far!! As I said I am very sensitive to medication so finding one that doesn&#039;t make me have lingering side effects is great!"
"I have been on Pristiq for 3 weeks and it is wonderful! The only side effect I have suffered is nausea, but well well worth it! I was on low dose of Wellbutrin for almost a year and started suffering severe depression, my husband and 3 kids were definitely suffering from this as I was! I am very thankful for Pristiq, just wish it wasn&#039;t so expensive.  I am only having to take 50mg once a day and hope to be able to get off completely soon.  There is hope!"
"After trying Topamax for months with no relief, I have been on Depakote ER for three months with GREAT relief! I was having migraine headaches 17 out of 31 days a month, now- maybe one a month (taking Axert when I have pain). The only problem I have had is I have gained 10 pounds in less than three months....this is horrible for me, as I could have afforded to have lost 10 pounds when starting Depakote!
My Dr. is going to have me try to mis in 25 mg. of Topamax to suppresse the appetite."
"I rated the effectiveness as a 1... I&#039;m honestly not sure how effective it is seeing as I only used the applicator several hours ago. I inserted the medicine at bedtime. I just got up in the middle of the night to use the restroom &amp; it burns SO badly!!!! The outside of my vagina is swollen and puffy. Not good!!!!!!"
"Vyvanse has been wonderful for me. I take it along with the anti-depressant Lexapro and the two medications work wonderfully together. I am a full time college student. I have been taking Vyvanse for about 8 months and I don&#039;t know what I would do without it now. I am focused and my mind is not racing a million miles an hour. I did about a year of school without it and I was an A, B, C student, but now I am mostly making A&#039;s with the occasional B."
"I just got my Kyleena placed on the 16th of November, I am still cramping but that&rsquo;s to be expected anyways, each day gets better and better for the cramps though, so far I really like it, I can&rsquo;t feel the IUD I just have the cramping from my uterus returning to it&rsquo;s normal place, it&rsquo;s great. I love it so far"
"I was taking gabapentin 1x- 300mg in the  am &amp; 2x-300mg @bedtime for about 5 years it did wonders for my fibromyalgia however I still did get breakthrough flare ups ever once in a while but it helped with the pain took off the edge so I could function. Well recently it&#039;s been crazy because it just stopped working &amp; for 2 months I was in an ongoing Flare. So my rheumey dr said lets try lyrica, and wean u off gaba - it huge mistake. Lyrica was horrible it did nothing for the pain I had awful side effects , severe nausea, headaches, stomach upsets, &amp; the worse of these were severe muscle cramping! I&#039;m now getting back on the Gaba took a break so maybe it will work again I prefer Gabapentin."
"This is the only antibiotic that really works at clearing up my skin. It doesn&#039;t give me stomach problems like other antibiotics. Another great thing about Bactrim is that there&#039;s no weird restrictions about when/what you can eat when taking it - no &quot;I can&#039;t have a bowl of ice cream because I just took my medication for the night&quot; like when you take minocycline. You also don&#039;t have to worry about being out in the sun while taking it (yeah, I know, tanning is bad). Unfortunately, it is a pretty strong antibiotic, so my dermatologist has cut me off (she thinks it is the cause of a cyst on my lip."
"I&#039;m 54 years old and have used Imitrex for almost 20 years. No side effects except leg pain for about 24 hours, as if I overused in a workout. Was on 100 mg tabs for a long time, with 3 mg self-injections as necessary. Now just taking 50 mg as I get fewer and less intense headaches now. This medicine is worth trying, but ask for EKG first if the doctor doesn&#039;t order it, this can help check for heart okay first."
"I have had anxiety forever and fell into a dark depression.  I almost lost my marriage due to my state of mind.  My doctor prescribed Celexa and it saved my life.  I also was sleeping two hours a night during this horrible time and Celexa helps me get a greats night sleep now.  I have gained 10 pounds but its worth peace of mind."
"I&#039;ve been on Xanax for 20 years for anxiety. I have tried just about everything they have come out with and this is all that works."
"I love Jolessa! I hated it at first. During the first pack I bled for about 9 weeks. It was awful. Some days heavy, some days light. I talked to my doctor and decided to hang in there and try the second pack. I am so glad that I did. I had finished bleeding a couple of days before I started the second pack. The second pack worked perfectly. The third pack, which I just finished worked the same. This period is super light. I kept waiting all week for it to start and finally on Friday it did and it&#039;s Sunday and it might be gone already. I knew one of the side effects was abnormal bleeding that diminished over time.....it took 9 weeks...but I would do it all again for the only having 4 periods a year. I love Jolessa!"
"I had a triple bypass surgery 23 years ago.My SVG is wearing out.Had a blockage in it 3 months ago, had a cath and a stent put in. 3 days later had an MI caused by a complete block in the SVG. Had another cath and 2 stents put in.2 months later started Cardiac rehab. Started getting angina walking and stress. Went on Ranexa 500mg twice aday. After the first day no angina. Went to the gym after 7 days on med and did 15 mins on treadmill, 15 on bike and 10 on eliptical. No angina pain. Only side affect I noticed is right below my sterum, I occasionly have a slight spasm..See the Dr. in a week to discuss. Slight hard bowel movements, need to drink more fluids and occasional stool softer. But worth it, with no angina pain."
"This stuff caused me not to think clearly and I suffered a lot of side effects but I still coughed.  Not what it is supposed to be.  Would not wish this stuff on anyone.  I am still recovering from just taking it for 3 days."
"Bactrim has always worked for my UTI. I do see a pattern in the complaints about. The bottle doesn&#039;t say not to consume. If you mix bactrim with the smallest sip of wine you will get those side effects that I see mentioned. If you take bactrim do not consume any wine, beer, or hard liquor."
"Been a smoker for 40  years.  Started Chantix January 1.  I also have the slight dry mouth.  My cigarette craving has gone down, my time between smokes is becoming more.  Maybe those of us that are finally trying this are on to  something.  Good luck to all."
"I have used phentermine in the past and lost a lot of weight but over the years I stopped taking it coupled with no exercise, bad bad bad eating habits, on top of a stressful life, and lack of sufficient amount of rest I gained all my weight back and high blood pressure. Today is 1/26/13. I will start the pills on Monday 1/28/13
I have 50lbs to lose. Here I go again but the pills will help me as they have in the past. "
"Started taking the medication 7 days prior to surgery and continued for a total of 14 days. Stomach issues began right away but not excessive. Got worse. Stomach cramps (not abdominal), dizziness, sweats, nausea, extreme fatigue. Did it work? No idea, this was a preventative measure and since I was having a procedure that I do NOT want to repeat, I stuck with it. Now it&#039;s 48 hours after the last dose and now I have the abdominal cramps and diarrhea. Hoping this doesn&#039;t last too long. I will not take this drug ever again. I&#039;ve lost 15 days of my life so far. I&#039;ve been through cancer treatment and sometimes the cure is worse than the disease"
"This birth control did wonders for my stomach. Other brands made me so sick and if I forgot and had to take 2 at a time I was throwing up in the middle of the night. These pills do not upset my stomach at all which is great. Haven&#039;t noticed any other side effects maybe a little moody at times but I think that&#039;s just my period. Also no weight changes for me"
"I started with Bydureon at first for about a month and started having lumps at the injection sites, so the Dr switched me to Victoza.  For the first 2 weeks I had a lot of nausea but after that it leveled out and I started feeling great.  So after 3 months I have lost 52 pounds!  My appetite has decreased and for the first time I can eat a small portion and feel full.  NO more cravings immediately after I finish eating. I love this medication.  My blood sugar levels have been between 89-94."
"I am getting ready to end my 3rd month on the nuvaring... I used to be on BeYaz but couldn&#039;t stand the mood alteration and it was making my anxiety levels very high.  When I went off of it my acne (which was nonexistent before) popped up like crazy! My gyno recommended the nuvaring because unlike the pill where you get one high dose of hormones, the ring gives you a continuous dose of hormones.  Here is a list of my pros/cons for the ring.
pros: no mood alteration at all, no weight gain that I can tell, not pregnant 
cons: discharge, you can feel it, I got a UTI within the first month of using it, your partner can feel it during sex, its difficult to get wet, and it doesn&#039;t help with acne at all"
"I have been on Latuda for over two years. I feel a lot better,  though I am somewhat apathetic and don&#039;t want to bathe, cook, or clean house. I have to eat a large meal to stave off the nausea. When I have nausea,  I eat saltine crackers until I no longer feel sick. Other types of crackers work too. I take benztropine to prevent unconscious chewing. It doesn&#039;t stop the fidgeting and restlessness that I feel."
"I had Mirena put in place for a dual purpose- extreme menstrual bleeding and birth control. At 44, I don&#039;t want any more children and I have a history of pulmonary embolisms. Therefore, this was one if my few bc options. The procedure was excruciating- and I have had children and two neck fusions. I am also on narcotics for chronic pain and still would NEVER had dreamed this would have hurt like it did. Some say it feels like cramps- they must have some wicked cramps. Ever since I have had this I have had UTI&#039;s, yeast infections, severe pain, pain during sex, spotting constantly. The only good thing I can say is my periods have not been as heavy. However, when you are spotting all month, who wants to have sex? It&#039;s coming out ASAP."
"I am selecting GERD only because I can&#039;t get a correct diagnosis. Been taking Prilosec, Prevacid etc with no help, symptoms include pain that mimicked heart attack, anything I eat feels &quot;Stuck&quot; halfway down esophagus, vomiting almost everything I eat or drink, night time is a horror; acid runs right up into nose and vomit 4-5 times per night

Nexium almost immediately stopped all symptoms with no side effects

I&#039;m not a Doctor but all I can say is it has been a miracle for me"
"I would highly recommend this medication for smoking cessation. It was my saving grace to quitting smoking. I had bad dreams the first two nights when I was taking it in the am and in the evening. I switched the 2nd dose to after lunch and the bad dreams stopped.  No other side effects. Absolutely the best medication ever to help you quit smoking."
"I am a 28 year old female diagnosed with Bipolar 1, Generalized Anxiety Disoder, Panic disorder and Agoraphobia. A little over a week of taking this medication in conjunction with Lamictal and a benzo (Xanax, Klonopin, or Valium depending upon doc&#039;s decision) I felt like a million bucks. I could leave the house. I had a normal sleep schedule. I had energy for the first time in a long time. It was a miracle for me. Stopped taking it and downward I went again. Restarting now and I couldn&#039;t be more excited. I will say it made me feel restless and that includes Restless Leg Syndrome types of feelings. But, I would rather be restless and functioning. You have to weigh the pros and cons --for me it is a PRO!"
"It&#039;s been amazing....  I lost 15lbs the first two months, I&#039;ve continued taking it and average 2-3 lbs loss every month. My heaviest weight was 205 and as of my last weight check, I&#039;m at 165 and dropping. At the beginning I was doing a lot of exercise which I think helped a lot, now it&#039;s colder and I&#039;m pretty satisfied where I&#039;m at so I&#039;ve slowed down, but I do believe that the side effects and results have made managing weight so much easier.  I&#039;ve turned a few friends on to it and they are just as big a believer as me. Trust me the side effects are worth it!"
"I have taken Adderall XR and Vyvanse. They both have a similar but not completely similar feeling when it comes to getting work done. But mainly my experience with Vyvance is quite good but not great. I take whenever I get up to go to school (6-6:30), and it takes an hour to kick in. I have been taking Vyvance for the last 4 years. It helps you focus a lot more than usual and it gives you the motivation to get work done. But the downside about it is that you feel depressed for a minute or anxiety, but after a couple of minutes you feel back motivated and happy. Also, I love that it gives you the mind clarity that I personally think everyone needs. Overall, my experience with Vyvance Is awesome. Btw I&#039;m 15"
"I take this for my extreme anxiety disorder. Just 25mg alone will knock me out for hours. Personally it causes me incredibly vivid dreams, a lot of the time they are nightmares. Not sure if it&#039;s connected to the medicine, or it&#039;s just me. I do wake up feeling an extreme hangover. But it works really well for my anxiety at 50mg."
"I use 3/40mg Oxycontins a day with 10 5/325mg Percocet and it works wonders. Family members frown about the dosage and the fact that I am 26 and have been on pain medicines for a couple years but it takes away 80% of my pain. I just recently started taking the Oxycontin and it works great. I think this is a miracle drug. I have a 8 month old child (first one) and I am able to play with him and pick him up which I couldn&#039;t do before these."
"6. months into taking this drug, I had to stop. Side effects, painful weakness in both hands, hurt to grip, Trigger thumbs- bad when waking up in am. Took med in morning.
Dizzy, nausea, headache, heartburn,, discomfort in center of chest.Exhausted mid day, bone pain Lost sex drive. 62 yes old.
Since stopping 2 wks ago- hoping hands &amp; sex drive return, other problems have stopped. Feeling more normal , weakness &amp; pain in hands still bad."
"Amazing. I was prescribed ciprofloxacin 500mg. I took just one pill and had major relief."
"I use Lomotil to control diarrhea which occurs sporatically following anal cancer treatment.
This is a miracle drug for me.  Greatly improves my quality of life.
I don&#039;t take it regularly, but it is reassuring to know I have it when needed.
Immodium AD just doesn&#039;t work; Taking it regularly was a waste of money.
Lomotil has never made me constipated, though I have noticed mild nausea recently.  This does not occur everytime I take it."
"This medication, in combination with a med for sleep, alleviated me of suicidal ideation in matter of one week inpatient. On the downside, I do feel quite flat, and the effects on my health are not able to be known this early on. The poor health feelings are usually due to the drug not being eliminated fast enough by your liver.

I received minimal therapy and didn&#039;t experience life improvement, yet all bouts of suicidal depression are gone. Depression for me is now less severe, and more transient."
"Provigil has been a HUGE help for me. I take nortriptyline for my depression. It works better than anything else I&#039;ve tried but it makes it impossible for me to get up in the morning. When my alarm goes off at 7am I feel like I&#039;m being tortured. I take half a tablet of Provigil at bedtime (11pm). It doesn&#039;t keep me from falling asleep but it does help me wake up alert at 7am. Without it, I&#039;ll sleep until at least 11:30am. This may be an off-label use but it makes it possible for me to take my antidepressant AND get to school/work on time."
"Tried 3 milligrams of Lunesta did not work at all to help me sleep. But right now I am suffering from extreme anxiety and depression. And have other health issues and a ton of stuff on my mind. I also just tried Ambien ER last night and it did not work either. In the past couple years ago I did take Ambien and it worked to make me sleep but after taking 4 a week or so made my anxiety and depression worse.  Be careful if you suffer from depression taking this medication is what I found out. I only recently tried to take sleeping pills again out of desperation as I have developed some bad stomach problems and possibly my pancreatitis flaring up and have been off of work for 2 months on workman&#039;s comp worried about losing my house and my healt"
"So I have been on the Depo Shot since February and I have had a few problems but overall, I love the shot . Around May , when I was supposed to get my second shot , I started my period and was bleeding for about 3 weeks. It wasn&#039;t a heavy flow. After that, I haven&#039;t had a period since . Overall I haven&#039;t experienced all of the side effects that everyone else experienced. No weight gain , no depression, no cramps . I like the Depo Shot and I recommend anyone who is forgetful at taking the pill to get the Shot . It is worth it in the end. You just have to take a chance ."
"3 months 200 mg at night.

This medicine has helped me be in control of my thoughts. Before starting Quetiapine, I was struggling a lot with depression, and on the flip side racing thoughts and overactivity.  Had a failed and bad experience with SSRI-antidepressants. 

+ Helps limit your brain activity to normal parameters. 
+ Makes you sleep sound
+ Let&acute;s you concentrate on what you want.

- Weight gain
- Hangover tiredness the next day. 
- Subtle antidepressant effect. It is more a mood stabiliser in my experience.

All in all it does the job, and it can be invaluable when looking back at one&acute;s life."
"Just finished my 5th week out of 24 weeks of treatment. My first lab result at the end of week 4 came back UNDETECTED!
I have been praying for this day. I have not had any side effects. I have suffered from insomnia and fatigue for over ten years. This has not changed since starting Harvoni. 
Death to Hep C."
"I&#039;ve been on this for a little over a year (it just came on the market in the summer of 2007), and I have had no problems with it whatsoever.  No breakthrough bleeding, no spotting, no periods (unless I missed more than a pill, then I had some light spotting).  I&#039;ve had so many problems with other birth controls, ranging from Depo, to the patch, to the ring, to 13 different types of pills, and I finally found one that worked for me!"
"Been on Farxiga since October 2014.  Has worked for me. When I eat right my numbers are in the fives and when I don&#039;t eat right they are in the sixes. Only noticeable side effect is dizziness when raising up after bending down if I&#039;m not purposely coming up slowly."
"This IUD doesn&#039;t work. My daughter is 8 weeks pregnant after having it put in over a year ago. The Dr&#039;s acting so surprised! In an attempt to remove the IUD the damn string broke off. No idea what the out come will be. But this has caused an extreme amount of stress for my daughter. The stats on the effectiveness of this IUD need to change."
"Has made dealing with opiate dependency more manageable."
"Taking Invokana has been a terrible experience for me..Caused a lot of thirst so I drank so much water that my sodium level dropped to dangerous level..I was hospitalized for 5 days until my normal sodium levels could be restored. I also had   burning pain my mouth.  The skin in my mouth became red and soar.I couldn&#039;t eat without pain for days."
"This drug didn&#039;t work as well as short-acting hydrocodone in lower doses. I had to take up to 20 mg of Tramadol per day for breakthrough pain on top of the 30 mg of Hysingla. It put me to sleep, made me unable to think clearly or efficiently, and didn&#039;t allow me to organize my day or complete my tasks as well as I previously had. I had to take it around 6 PM to avoid breathing issues when I laid down and as a result, by the time I got up in the morning I no longer received any pain relief from it - there is no way it works for 24 hours. I&#039;m now in the process of returning to Norco and while still taking hydrocodone am experiencing withdrawal symptoms from getting off the Hysingla. It is far more dangerous and addictive than it is promoted."
"Just wanted to let everyone know that many insurance companies are starting to cover qsymia (if you have insurance)with prior authorization from your physician.  My copay is only $15"
"I am always prescribed Macrobid for UTIs, and it has always worked for me. It does cause some side effects, but for me it is usually just fatigue for a few hours after taking it and a bit of diarrhea near the end once the infection is gone but I am still finishing up the meds. I know some people get more severe side effects, but I have always been lucky on this drug."
"Nuvaring has regulated my cycle, practically diminished any menstrual cramps, and given me peace of mind, which is most important to me. It&#039;s hard to mess this up! In for 3 weeks out for one. I have not experienced any negative side effects, only positive ones. I tried Nuvaring because it is EASY, and because I did not want to get the shot or the 5 year long Mirena. If you&#039;re looking for something mindless and simple try Nuvaring. "
"I&#039;m about to start my third pill pack, and I love this birth control. Both months my period started the third day of the placebo pills. I have little to no side effects. Sometimes I feel a little nauseous, and my appetite has gone down. But the effectiveness is great! My boyfriend and I have had sex a few times without any other protection. The pill really does work, and I&#039;m so thankful it&#039;s so reliable. I do take my pill right to the second at 1 o&#039;clock everyday. My experience with Sprintec is wonderful, and I plan to stick with it as my birth control."
"Been taking this medicine since I was 23 and found I had a receding hairline. My hairline has stayed mostly at the same level for the grace of this medicine. No brain fog, no low sex drive. You just need to do exercise and keep a positive attitude. In fact it was exactly what I did and feel like it was the most productive 2 years of my life (I was doing an engineering master). If you worry about the hair give it a shot, and divert the time spent on worrying to something else important. Cheers"
"I was having trouble with erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculating. I thought it was either my blood pressure or diabetes so I went to the doctor and I didn&#039;t my BP was normal and tests showed that I didn&#039;t have diabetes. I was prescribed Viagra months earlier but I stopped taking it because it clogged my sinuses. Then my doctor prescribed me 20mg of Paxil and it&#039;s been a life saver.  Not only does it take seconds to get an erection but I am able to maintain it longer than I have been able to for a while.  I have not experienced any side effects."
"This was the first pill I tried. My periods were always regular and I had very mild teenage acne beforehand, but after taking this for 3 months I had the most AWFUL cystic acne on my chin and forehead. I swapped to another and it disappeared. A friend of mine had the exact same experience."
"I have been taking Sprintec for 3 years now. It has worked really well for me. Before this I would get very moody, get menstrual migraines, have really bad cramps, and when I was 18 I started getting nauseous/sick every other month within the first couple of days of my period. Since taking Sprintec I feel my mood has greatly improved, I no longer get sick/nauseous, my cramps have become more than tolerable, and I noticed no increased acne or weight gain. I haven&#039;t experienced any of the yeast infection/urinary tract problems with this. However every girl will react differently to different birth controls. If it doesn&#039;t work for you, don&#039;t worry; just call your doctor and discuss some new options. Eventually you will find something that works for you."
"I&#039;ve been on Haldol for 5 years. I have schizophrenia. This is the only drug that has worked over the period of having this illness. I don&#039;t feel I will ever be symptom free there&#039;s no magic pill, but since being on this I&#039;ve been able to manage things much better than before. Really great. I don&#039;t like the possibility of the involuntary muscle disease (can&#039;t remember what it&#039;s called) but I will take that risk to have this benefit."
"I started using birth control when I was 13 years old and am now 19 1/2. Aviane was the first thing that my doctor prescribed. I went from having heavy periods lasting over a month and being spaced up to 6 months apart to having light almost pain-free periods that last 3-4 days. I used to have horrible cramping and lining issues, but now I rarely have light cramps and my moods have been so much better. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects and never want to go off of birth control. I do not need a contraceptive but it works amazingly for periods and hormone regulation!"
"I&#039;ve had this nexplanon since September and at first it was great! I had very light bleeding on and off for about 3 weeks and then it went away. After the bleeding I started to feel myself changing. Feeling  more tired then usual. All I want to do is sleep. and the weight gain is really bad. I use to eat mcdonalds every day, only cause I worked there, and I still was not this big. I can barely fit my jeans and by boobs are so big I had to buy a ton of new bras. I figured I needed to change my diet but I don&#039;t even eat as much I used too and I am twice as big as I was. My skin is also getting super dry. I&#039;m getting this taking out as soon as possible because the mood swings are scaring my parents and friends."
"If you  want to sleep between 7-10 hours a day and want a good sex life this is the medication for you. I have had no side effects no shakes tremors drowsiness. On clopixol I used to sleep up to 20 hours the doctors will be reluctant to put you on it  as it is very expensive but if you work or want to return to work or study this is the medication for you"
"I&#039;ve just started this medication and so far so good. So far all I have noticed is that my pimples are coming to a head and my cysts are starting to level and also blackheads and whiteheads are vanishing. I&#039;m on the 80 mg Solodyn and I&#039;m guessing that&#039;s very high since most people her are on like 65 and 50 mg. I do get very dizzy, lightheaded, my stomach kills, and I have trouble focusing for about two hours after taking the antibiotic but it&#039;s a price I&#039;m willing to pay. I have sensitive skin and I like how this doesn&#039;t make me peel as much as the previous topical medication I was on (Ziana).  I&#039;m still suppose to use it but I like the results I&#039;m getting without it.  I would recommend this for sure."
"I was first placed in the generic estridol patch made be Mylan and suffered with theses horrible patches for 3 months until my Dr agreed to place me on the brand name. First of all I had very little relief from my symptoms due to the genetic bullseye (it&#039;s approx 2 inches round) falling off! The adhesion is subpar therefore I was not receiving adequate efficacy from this product. I used tegaderm and even waterproof medical tape to keep the patches on but doing so caused skin tears and irritation. I just started the new Brand this week and I am hoping for better results. It is much smaller and hasn&#039;t washed off on Day 2 yet."
"I&#039;ve been on 100 mg of this medication and it did exactly what it was supposed to do. It lowered my blood pressure and I also got the side benefit of reduced anxiety.  No bad side effects whatsoever.  This one is a 10 in my book."
"I had two pretty worrying initial exacerbations in July 2011 and February 2012; since then I use Copaxone and I&#039;ve had no relapses nor new lesions (I write this May 2016). Injections are of course a nuisance, but what can we do."
"I have been using lamictal for years. Recently my Dr added vraylar and I won&#039;t lie the first couple days  were horrible!!! I got so sick but I pushed through and the results have been amazing and I&#039;ve had only taken it a week. I am diabetic and haven&#039;t had high blood sugar, no wait gain although I was sooo hungry the for the first couple days. If you can push through the side effects I highly recommend this medicine. I feel alive again I have energy and just look forward to life. Also the voices and visions have stopped"
"This worked for me when nothing else would"
"I have tried everything I could to lose weight from pills, to shakes, to teas, to detoxing, to even a lap band, and NONE of it worked. I had hit my all-time high of 230. I went to my fertility doctor and she said I was in bad health to try to have a baby. My cholesterol was high, my blood pressure was high, and to make it worse, I was pre-diabetic. I&#039;ve been on adipex now for a month and a half. I&#039;ve lost 35 lbs, barely exercise, but I&#039;m so full of energy that I&#039;ve completely redone my house, cleaned the garage, and refurbished lots of furniture pieces. I LOVE IT!!! I&#039;ve not had his much energy since I was in my 20s! I do have about 20 more lbs to go and it will be off in no time."
"Honestly, when the accident happened (we were doing unprotected sex, yes... extremely stupid and I wasn&#039;t on birth control), both me and my partner were freaking out really badly about the possibility of getting pregnant. Since the accident occurred almost at 12 in the morning, we couldn&#039;t go out to get Plan B because we were traveling with family and it would&#039;ve seemed too suspicious and there were no CVS around that were open so late. So the next day, at 8 in the morning I took the pills. There were some side effects like the nausea and pain but I&#039;d rather take that over pregnancy any day being a college student right now. My period came 2 days early and a much heavier one but it worked and I am totally not complaining at all!"
"I have taken several of the prescription sleep aids and none have helped as this one has. I have taken it for an extended period and the effects have not faded as they did with other sleep aids and have not left me groggy or given me strange dreams or nightmares."
"ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. So I was able to manage with the pain of the YI so then before bed I use the Monistat not even 2 minutes after I put in the cream excruciating burning and itching and there&#039;s nothing you can do!! This is my first treatment of the 7 Day treatment I took a bath wiped everything got some out.  Now it&#039;s been about two hours and still horrible pain. Do not use this product I just hope tomorrow morning that&#039;s some of the symptoms go away"
"I have been taking Norco for a jaw dislocation injury for about 3 months. After a while, I had to increase the amount per day, so my doctor wanted to give me oxycontin for evening. I did not like the Oxycontin and felt that the Norco better took away the pain. The Oxycontin just made me feel like I was hallucinating. The Norco works best for pain relief. "
"I love it."
"I&#039;ve used Lexapro for several years before starting on Cymbalta around 10 months ago. My anxiety is under much better control and the sexual side effects are significantly less pronounced. Take twice a day, 30mg in the morning and 60 mg at night."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for about 7 months now and I love it. I only get cramping but its only right about the time I&#039;m going to get my period. I lost weight with the patch and I don&#039;t experience any bad side effects."
"I have clinical depression and Prozac is how I initially got introduced to the world of pharmaceuticals. I took two types of Fluoxetine; one from the hospital (green) and the other from Target (white). While the ones given to me at the hospital worked good, the ones from Target did not work AT ALL!! 

The side effects for me were: No ability to feel any emotion, zombie like, tired 24/7, no appetite (I lived off of one slice of pizza a day along with some cranberry juice and it had to be forced down), decreased libido, giddiness, constant mind fog, a feeling of euphoria followed by fatigue, dry mouth.

It worked better than Cymbalta but since fluoxetine is generic, my doctor doesn&#039;t approve of it."
"I have suffered with Major Depressive Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder for over twenty-years. I have been on many types of anti-depressants with moderate success. I started taking Deplin 7.5mg once a day and I can&#039;t believe the results. I feel &quot;normal.&quot; My idea of normal is to go through a day without having feelings of hopelessness and wanting to stay out of social situations. I feel great. I started feeling the effects of Deplin on the second day. I am a mental health counselor (graduate student). I have learned how to survive and muddle through all that I want to accomplish in life. Deplin has given me new hope for the future."
"MY person experience may differ for others, but BEST combo for me so far, has included Wellbutin XL 300mg. Many years receiving mental health services (27 years). Had to stop SSRI&#039;s. Wellbutrin however helped increase my motivation, had none. Was so bad I laid in bed months from severe depression, so long immobile that both legs filled with blood clots and near death!! Survived on blood thinners and hospital over a week. With Wellbutrin had no weight gain, lost the 50lb other meds helped put on me! Lower cholest., quit smoking as a nice bonus and no sexual issues, in fact helped imho."
"So I&#039;ve been taking sprintec for a month now due to different insurance. And I&#039;ve had two periods within one month, I am very emotional unstable. My ankles are swelling I have headaches. And my sex drive is decreasing. I&#039;m always sleepy, I never want to get up for work, my cervix was really hard and low on my period. And this has never happened before, this pill is horrible for me! I can&#039;t speak for everyone."
"Developed very low back, pelvic and hip pain that affected my mobility.  I had difficulty sitting and bending without severe pain.  I took this medicine for 6 days before realizing that it was the cause of my symptoms. I have now been off of it for 3 days and almost all of the discomfort is gone."
"Excellent to relieve pain and pressure when taking off and landing in an airplane."
"I am 52 with hormonal acne. My cysts were terrible. Did a number on my confidence. I have been on Bactrim for over a year for the cysts and finally something is working. I tried every other medicine with no results. Not sure how long I can be on this but I never want to stop. Afraid if I stop, the cysts will return."
"I used ortho-tri-cyclen-lo from 16-18yo.  My periods were easy without any side effects.  By mid 18yo I was experiencing painful and heavy periods, with strong emotional swings.  My emotions became unpredictable, extremely reactive, and at times I experienced deep depression and strong suicidal thoughts - completely contrary to my personality and traits.  My parents requested I leave university, until that night we read about YAZ studies. YAZ was the ONLY birth control with proven study results showing YAZ helps to control PMDD, which described exactly what I was experiencing.  YAZ was immediately successful. 3.5 years later I am still on YAZ and graduating with a Neuroscience degree. 
P.S. Generic yaz experience was unsuccessful. 03/31/17"
"Oncologist ordered it for mom&#039;s stage 4 lung cancer symptoms. It did an amazing job increasing her appetite which helped her keep weight on."
"I have been on methadone wafers 230mgs  for ten years it helps me keep a normal life  of not doctor hopping and taking 30 plus 10mg  hydrocodone a day yet the thought of coming off the high dose scares me to death and I am a strong person cancer survivor and brittal  diabetic and with this economy the thought of job loss or having to come off the large dose stays with me daily god willing I can stay on it"
"No after taste at unlike all the others that I have tried -- and it does not cause awful tasting gas unlike all the others that I have tried.

Smaller than most of the others too!"
"I&rsquo;ve used Orsythia for two years without any issue. I have a long history of anxiety and it has not been affected by the pill, nor have I experienced any nausea. I take it precisely at the same time everyday and it has worked great. I&rsquo;ve put on a few pounds but I think everyone should evaluate their diet before blaming the pill, it&rsquo;s pretty much impossible for a pill to make you gain 20+ pounds unless your diet is unhealthy and you&rsquo;re lacking exercise. It&rsquo;s a pretty generic birth control and I would assume that the horrifying side affects listed by previous reviews are probably rare and true for all birth control on the market. So give it a try, it&rsquo;s not a miracle pill, but it&rsquo;s not a anxiety inducing weight gain supplement either."
"Used twice for Atypical Pneumonia and when all other drugs failed this one always works.  I&#039;ve had pneumonia twice in last year the first time for 3 months. A pulmonary specialist was called in from within the hospital and he prescribed the doxycyline and it instantly worked - in about 24 hours I felt almost normal. 

This time round same experience - 1st we tried my new doctor&#039;s way and then doxycycline and it worked."
"I am a 25 year old female diagnosed with idiopathic hypertension and tachycardia. Was switched recently switched to 50mg metoprolol by my GP. Felt fine first four days and by fifth day started to experience vivid dreams, extreme anxiety after waking from sleep, and then started developing severe panic attacks and constant anxiousness. Was immediately taken off this medication and placed on bystolic 5mg. It has been 5 days since being taken off the medication and I am slowly losing sensation of anxiety but have some residual affects that I feel will take me a while to shake. It has been an incredibly traumatic experience. I do not recommend a beta blocker that crosses the blood brain barrier if it is not necessary."
"Fine hair growth.  Have taken minoxidil  for 39 years and it controlled my hbp . Ten years ago my Dr cut it in half and added  ateniol.  One year ago ateniol was removed and lacenopril was added.   I have been hit with low BP to black out limit.  They refuse my needs now . I feel death is near .
My Dr France wong will not help but insist go to ER."
"It was pretty efficient.

within 3 months i had been out of my acute depressive episode, and full of life
i hadn&#039;t experienced any increase in apetite as i was warned, and in fact it helped with my IBS a lot
I was started on 25mg/day then 37.5mg/day for around 8 months after which I sought my doctor for Mania symtpoms i was experiencing

very talktative, juggling thoughts, very rapid tone and rush of ideas when speaking, and most importantly insomnia!! 

anyhow, we had to emergency stop it, 25mg for 3 weeks then 12.5mg for one and then nothing
WORST experience in the world it&#039;s very physically debilitating: nausea/ dizziniess/ wierd feeling ON my head
had to take xanax to combat the withdrawal symptoms, couldnt leave the house for 2 mnoths!"
"I was on Harvoni treatment for 8 weeks, at the end of week 4 the virus was undetected. I was very scared to take this medicine as I read horrible things about Harvoni on the Internet. I am so happy that I decided to take it. I had only minor side effects such as fatigue. I had no problems with stomach, insomnia or weight gain. I was working as usual while being on treatment."
"I have been on so many medications that have not worked until I was prescribed Latuda. Everything changed. I feel normal now. It&#039;s the best medication for bipolar that I have ever encountered."
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for 17 years, and it&#039;s still a miracle drug for me. It definitely saved my life. I tried going off of it, and that was a mistake.  Fortunately, it still works for me."
"Love Tirosant..my hair is back and fingernails not broken anymore. Feel great. Was on Armour 6 years got hair loss and lost beautiful nails. Previous meds gave me heart palpitations and not able to sleep. This Med is the real deal, but too expensive"
"I would and have recommended this bc pill. I was on depo and it made me sick and fat, NO sex drive and vaginal dryness, but now im on Lo Lo and i love it..No weight gain,No headaches, No backpain and joint pain very short light periods and I have a pretty good sex drive now. Go Lo Lo!!!"
"I only gave it one star because it was the only choice available. A drug doesn&#039;t put you to sleep keep you up all night. The first night I tried it I couldn&#039;t sleep one minute. I thought it may be just me or something so a few days later I tried it again and the same thing I did not sleep one minute all night and felt like I was in some kind of a boxer. I&#039;ve had some trouble sleeping but always sleep at least four hours a night after taking this medicine I slave zero. This was a shock to me as I thought the medicine was to help me sleep not keep me up all night. Also it makes you feel very weird it&#039;s hard to describe."
"I am only in the middle of my second month taking isotretinoin but I have seen amazing results already! My first month I noticed I didn&#039;t have bad breakouts anymore and my skin was starting to heal. Since my dosage as doubled in my second month I can defiantly notice more side effects dry skin, nose bleeds/ scabbing, sore muscles/joints and dry/ red eyes but it is nothing too unbearable. I am just super happy I have found something that has worked! I am a moderate case of acne and I have almost gotten clear before even two months!"
"I&#039;ve always had GAD, but ever since starting high school it&#039;s gotten x10 worse. Even though I would go see a therapist, and while it did help with coping, all of my anxiety symptoms I was experiencing got in the way of me living a normal life. I got on cipralex starting with 2.5 mg for a week, gradually increasing, now on 7.5 mg. I can honestly say that ever since starting this medication, my anxious thoughts are way better than they were, I can drive to a friends house without feeling anxious, the constant  &quot;what if&quot; thoughts are gone, my bowel movements are much better, I&#039;m socializing with people more, I barely cry, I see more colours and smells etc. I strongly recommend to teens struggling, because no one should have to :)"
"I have battled perioral dermatitis / papopustular rosacea for over 10 years and tried countless treatments from oral antibiotics to topical clyndomycin to tea tree oil to light therapy to immunosuppressant creams and absolutely nothing worked until I tried soolantra.  After using soolantra for a month my skin cleared up 100%.  I am writing this review because I used to scour the internet for information about how to treat my skin and I want people with this problem to know that I finally found something that has worked for me."
"This drug has done wonders for my IBS-D. I&#039;ve suffered for 25 years and was skeptical this would help. I was at my wits end and was withdrawing from everyone. Now, I go on my way and do not have to find the bathroom everywhere I go, just in case. Everyone should give it a try as it may work for you despite negative reviews. Every body is different so it&#039;s worth trying it for yourself. Best of luck!"
"I was tired all the time.I have been to Iraq and back and the way I felt was just the way I thought I should feel. I was lazy sometimes. Would put things off. Irrated, get upset quickly. For years and years I just thought that was me. Major drinker...smoker... Couldn&#039;t ever get enough sleep. No motivation to get out of bed. Again I thought that was me...I started to have anxiety after my wife&#039;s had a miscarriage. Then we got pregnant again then things really started to get out of control. Wellbutrin saved me. I QUIT DRINKING AND SMOKING! Motivated, love being a dad! Work is great! Slight sexual side effects. "
"I have been on this for about 2 months and I&#039;ve recently been getting extremely tired all day long (even if I take it way earlier the day before). The drowsiness is so extreme that I cant even watch a show. I&#039;m literally struggling to stay awake all day cause I feel like I just wanna sleep my life away. My depression has been through the roof as well! And to top it off, the weight I have gained since I have been on it, has been insane. I constantly wanna eat all the time! I have gained at least 20-30 pounds in the past month or two! I am definitely gonna tell my doctor I want off of it ASAP! I cant take it anymore "
"I got on Yaz right when in 2007. I have been on it ever since than. I&#039;ve thought about switching because of all the negative stories and scary side effects people are claiming Yaz has. But honestly, I love this birth control. I don&#039;t have any symptoms during my period. I don&#039;t get cramps, bloating, etc. Although, I do get acne during my period, but it consist of 2-3 pimples that go away when my period stops. My period only lasts 3 days, it&#039;s light, and before Yaz I&#039;d last up to 7 days and it was very heavy. I have nothing bad to say about it and would recommend it to anyone."
"37-year old female, 10 mgs about 4.30 AM; prescribed three days ago; used for ADD-like symptoms associated with Asperger&#039;s.  I feel more comfortable in my skin, focus lasts for more than 12 hours. Only problems: cannot eat apples without getting spacey for about a half-an-hour (used to eat them to boost focus and energy when my Strattera wore off after four hours), and have to really fight to focus during monthly cycle.  However, no other complaints, yet.  Also on Lisinopril (20 mgs) for blood-pressure and Metoprolol (betamblocker to reduce betawaves for anxiety; 25 mgs).  Concerta XR was good too and had the same effect."
"3 days after insertion I ran for 30 minutes and had pleasurable sex-- no issues. I&#039;ll update again once the hormones kick in-- the doctor told me about a week"
"As a mother of nothing but girls this really scared me. If your family had a history of blood clot, miscarriages, etc don&#039;t put your daughter/your self on an estrogen pill that has ethinyl estradiol in it. They gave her samples to take for 6 months. My daughter was on this pill for 3 months or less and ended up in the hospital with a blood clot in her lung. It was given to her to regulate her periods. This is horrible and would like all you women and young ladies to do your research and family history before starting any birth control. Now she has to suffer everyday with 2 shots of blood thinners possibly for life."
"Have been on Pradaxa for 7 months, like it a lot better then Coumadin.  Taking it because of going into atrial fibrillation after lung surgery 2 years ago. I was put on Coumadin and told not to eat leafy greens. When you have had lung cancer you&#039;re supposed to eat leafy greens.  They couldn&#039;t control the highs and lows I had with Coumadin.  My only side effect is a burning feeling in my left knee to my foot but not sure it is related and am having tests done next month for circulation."
"Started Minastrin 15 days ago.... Hemorrhaging now.... If I could have give 0 stars I would have. This pill should be illegal because it&#039;s killing me, and others have experienced the same thing."
"I had had a full shoulder repair done about 9 days to go they stuck me on this and when I first started taking it the side effects were a little crazy but after the initial 24 hours of taking it it works absolutely amazing I&#039;m able to sleep. When I first started taking it at the doctor had recommended I take the whole pill 750 milligrams which I did knock me out so I can sleep in it was right after surgery and now I&#039;m down to a third of the pill and it still works the same way it&#039;s an amazing muscle relaxer and I would recommend it to anybody. Some people may say that&#039;s not long enough on the medication to know whether or not it truly works but I&#039;m telling you after a full shoulder repair it works just fine at work how it&#039;s supposed to."
"At 19 I started experiencing SEVERE cystic acne-constant dime, penny, and nickel sized cysts, usually 3-5+ in various spots on my face at a time. They were embarassing &amp; extremely painful to the point of having limited facial movement/expression. After 2 years of trying everything possible (including painful cortisone shots!) I went to a new derm who finally let me try Zenatane (generic brand Accutane). My acne did get worse at first, then I began to see real results at ~ month 5. After 9 months of treatment I was completely clear &amp; have been clear ever since. I did experience many side effects such as extreme dryness, INSANE mood swings, bad body aches, hemorrhoids, tirediness, &amp; more, but it was all worth it. Don&#039;t give up on the process!"
"I am 32 &amp; have walked around with ADHD for my entire life until a nurse suggested I get screened. My &quot;Doc&quot; told me I was Cyclothymic (Bipolar III) &amp; that I was having panic attacks. I agreed but the symptoms never got better with the prescription I was on. 
I went to have my Echocardiogram &amp; was told I gave Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Long story short, the benefits of this medicine have shown up in the 7 days that I have taken it. My pulse is lower, I haven&#039;t had any &quot;panic attacks&quot; &amp; I&#039;m starting to be able to focus a little better. I can&#039;t urinate as well unless I consume more water but I needed more anyway. 
This medicine has made me feel normal for the first time in many many years."
"i have been on angelic 1/2 now for 14 months...within 3 weeks of using this medication...I literally got my life back....I had all the symptoms...hot flushes all night long and around ten throughout the day....no sleep...you know all the crappy symptoms...had. A hysterectomy  6 years ago was only  44 yrs old...then my life changed for the worst...I put up with all the horrible symptoms ...thinking well this is life now....out of desperation went to my doctors and told him I wanted my life back and  he said to try these should &amp;
They should give me me my life back  ...and he was right ....I feel normal for the first time in 5 years....and I even lost 5 kilos ....so definitely no weight gain for me on these pills....I know they work for me"
"I take the genetic version, Citlopram, 20 mgs once a day and I FINALLY have relief from really bad anxiety and panic attacks! I used Buspar before I started Celexa and I hated it. I wasn&#039;t suffering from depression so I didn&#039;t understand why my doctor wanted to push an anti depressant on me when there are other things out there for anxiety. She put me on the Buspar and it made me feel awful and just crazy. I gave in and started the Celexa and sure enough my doc was right; it&#039;s worked wonders! I sleep better, hardly any anxiety at all, NO panic attacks and I feel myself always smiling and having such a great outlook on life. I just feel... Normal and happy. :)"
"First time taking Xanax today and I feel great! The doctor prescribed me 0.5mg every 6 hours but I took a 0.25 and it helped tremendously! I am calm and able to function. All those anxious and negative thoughts just slip away."
"I took a pregnancy test on November 27th  because my fiance said I was gaining weight - the result was negative. On the 29th he came in mean so I took a plan b within 16 hours... My period was due on the 12th of December it never came I was 4 days late..so on December 16 I took 5 pregnancy test and found out I was pregnant.. So did it work ?.or was I already pregnant prior to the 27th?"
"I have carried around an additional 35 lbs on this 5&#039;3&quot; body for six years with no willpower or cravings control to get it off.  Just finished my first full week on Belviq and have lost 3.5 lbs.  I lose like a snail so this is impressive. I did have a mild headache for the first three evenings which went away with Advil.  Mild dry mouth and definitely felt a bit off balance but the good news is that my urgent hunger pangs and carb, dessert and wine cravings are gone!  Still enjoy my food but, as others have said, I am perfectly happy to make healthy choices and to eat small portions.  I have been able to cut down on my evening wine and have substituted my evening ice cream with herb tea.  All of these changes have been painless."
"So, Buspar does nothing for me at all. I may as well have been taking a sugar pill all this time. My doctor felt that since I was only 30 years old, the Benzo that I had been on for the last 4 years that greatly helped me, was out of the question because SOME folks abuse it. REALLY?! If your anxiety is intense and life ruling like mine is, please look into a Benzo. Hopefully you&#039;ll have a doctor that is actually out to HELP you."
"diagnosed with brain cancer four years ago at age 32, Surgery, Temodar and radiation worked for first couple years, then I got two more tumors, stopped Temodar and started Avastin. In just two months I&#039;ve seen dramatic improvements with minimal side effects (constipation, nose bleeds and mouth sores) all of which have responded to simple remedies) My last brain scan was a large improvement over the prior one and I&#039;ve reduced my Dexamethasone dose substantially! I highly recommend!"
"Worst skin scaling and psoraisis. After two weeks of use 2 x a day it clears up my skin. Now I can wear shorts. Thanks."
"I am pain free at night for the first time in years. I do have some side effects but they are not nearly as bad as the side effects I was having with pain medication."
"I had spinal fusion on my lower back 6 months ago. NOTHING helped with the pain. My wonderful Dr. prescribed Voltaren Gel 1% 4x a day. All that I can say is......WOW. This stuff is top notch!"
"I was on Seroquel for 7 years when I had to start trialling something else due to weight gain. I was taking Saphris 3 weeks and I had a severe allergic reaction. Saphris was changing my life for the better and so I&#039;m sad that I can&#039;t take it anymore. I had motivation, great memory &amp; concentration, positive thoughts, ability to plan &amp; function highly and loads of energy. I can&#039;t take the tablets anymore, but i&#039;m going to miss how good they made me feel. Now I&#039;m looking into Zeldox or Latuda. I definitely need an antipsychotic for my Bipolar."
"have been blumic for the past 6 months and floxetine has done wonders... i take 20 mg per day and it helps me forget all the urge to uncontrollably eat and eat till im sick. God life without blumia is like heaven.... u can contact me to talk if u need."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for about 6 months. It has definetly helped with my plantars fasciitis pain. I still have some discomfort, but it is manageable with the medication. I experience no side effects, and noticed improvement in only a couple of days."
"This medication produces way too many terrible side effects than should be acceptable. I received it in the ER by a doctor I did not know which is good because I would not tolerate a doctor that I did know prescribing such a poor quality medication. Not only is this my opinion but I actually know 3 other people with the same complaints. The irritability is absolutely unbearable which sounds minor but it is indescribable and waking out of sleep gasping for air because you feel like you are having a heart attack. Many other terrible things too! This medication should be given to no one!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on 10mg for 8 months.  Within a week, I felt the &quot;cloud&quot; lift and things seemed clearer. I wasn&#039;t wired or feeling speedy at all but I was able to focus on things and get on with my life.

When I started taking it, I was taking it in the morning and I would have bad diarrhea. I was worried that I would have to discontinue use.  Over time I found if I took it in the evening on a full stomach, usually about an hour after dinner, I didn&#039;t get diarrhea. 

Try this if you are having similar side effects.

Losing 1 star due to cost."
"I have had allergic rhinitis for as long as I can remember. OTCs worked for a while but my symptoms always returned. My primary care provider prescribed Zyrtec and Flonase. Though prescribed to use each of these medications on a daily basis, I use them only when required and the combination halts my attacks within 20 minutes of taking them. I could not be happier with this regimen."
"Changed my life. (I am a 26 year old female)"
"Yes this drug has really bad side effects of severe headache . I suffer from migraine and I didn&#039;t know how much more of this side effect I could handle, but for me losing weight was more important than anything. 1st month everyday severe headaches but after that things got better after about 6 weeks I felt normal. Its been 6.5 months and I&#039;ve lost 40lbs. I eat extremely healthy and exercise everyday. No sugar no carbs. Its not a miracle drug you have to also change yourself. I would do it all over again. Definitely recommend it."
"Have been taking this for other conditions. Spotty vision stopped completely and had zero migraines which were rather regular during treatment time.
Stopped lamotrigine and migraines plus spotty vision returned."
"My 7 year old son has shown ADHD symptoms for about 2 years or so but due to many changes in his life, I was unsure of the reason for this behavior. Now we&#039;ve been settled in for &gt;9 months and he has not improved, we have decided to medicate (after dietary changes and omega 3 gave no help). He has been taking Ritalin 10mg for 12 days now. The 1st week he had only morning dose at 8am. This wore off around 1pm. This week I&#039;ve dosed him 4 hours later also. From 1st day the change was amazing. He was attentive and followed instruction throughout his swim lesson and his school teacher found great improvement in attention span, concentration and finishing tasks. He is not as angry or frustrated now. The only negative is that I find he gets emotional and &#039;teary&#039; as it wears off."
"From day 1 of taking Viberzi I felt a difference. No more stomach pains or cramps or needing to run to the bathroom every time I ate, this medicine truly is perfect. I&#039;ve noticed that other people have had issues with it and I see a few have mentioned that they don&#039;t have a gallbladder and it works fine for them, I do not have a gallbladder and it has been the most helpful medicine I&#039;ve been on yet so maybe it has something to do with not having a gallbladder? Anyways, this medicine does work for me and hopefully anyone reading this that has wanted to try it will take the good comments into consideration and try it out! You never know unless you try! Just read the directions and DO NOT drink alcohol like it says!!"
"Have taken Prevacid, Protonix, Prilosec up to 2 times a day along with having taken Tagamet, Zantac in between with up to 15 tums a day and still daily severe burning and pain in chest. Then took this pill. Now it&#039;s the only thing I take and no more pain. Its great, no side effects noted yet."
"Experienced hives and shaking after three days. I had to go to the ER and they told me if I ever take it again it could kill me. Interestingly, my mother is also allergic to Levaquin."
"The best for relieving the symptoms I experience with a cold or the flu. Helps stop my runny nose, coughing and stuffed up head. The red capsules for 12 hour relief would be rated a 10 but they are no longer available, the product now is not as effective but is still the best that I have found for relieving my symptoms."
"I&#039;ve been using Cryselle for three months now and it has been amazing!!! I used to get horrible cramps that often made me nauseous and that resulted in me missing several days of school just because of my period. Since I&#039;ve been on this birth control, my period changed from 5 days to 3 days and I bleed much lighter with mild to no cramps. The first couple weeks I had some mood swings and cravings for food but it stopped after the first month. The only downside to it is it will make you feel nauseous if you take it at night and my breasts are very tender and sore during my period. But other than that A++!!!"
"My 11 yo has been on concerta for 2 months. The first few days he did experience some nausea although went away. After the first week I could tell a huge difference in his attitude.. He suddenly had a sense of humor, engaged in conversation without being distracted, and was bringing home/completing homework with no trouble! His grades have immensely improved!! I can tell a difference (not huge) on the weekend days he doesn&#039;t take it. Or if he didnt sleep well the night before and when it begins to wear off in the evening he tends to be a little grouchy. Only other down side I&#039;ve noticed so far is that he has lost approx 4lbs/mo which is concerning if it continues. So far, happy with the results!"
"Took pill for full year. Breasts were sore everyday, gained 20 pounds, cried over everything, nothing good happened except I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"After I was in a severe car accident 8 years ago I&#039;ve had chronic back pain and muscle spasms which has made it very hard to sleep. I am in the medical field and have tried lots of over the counter medicines and have also been prescribed medication however since taking Sominex I have been able to sleep through the night and I don&#039;t wake up groggy! Love it!"
"I got my period a week before the initial day and I took the pill two weeks before that. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Zyprexa for just over a year now and have seen dramatic improvements in my life. I used to be incredibly paranoid of people, was hearing voices and was delusional about my physical health. I&#039;m on 20mgs of Zyprexa and most of my symptoms have cleared. Some of them remain, but they&#039;re much more tolerable than they used to be. 
The only drawbacks I have noticed are weight gain and slowed reactions but I&#039;d rather live through those side effects than experience what I did before treatment."
"Having severe hot flashes day and night my doctor prescribed Estrace within 2 days the hot flashes have disappeared it was amazing. I wished I had it months ago. No side effects use twice a week."
"I started Contravene in June  2016  and kept it at one pill a day for quite awhile... Mainly because I experienced a lot of constipation. But when I went up to two a day I suddenly was experiencing flushing, sweating and continuous hot flashes throughout the day which left me soaked.  I wasn&#039;t sure if it was the contrave or if I was having some weird hormonal issue.  But, I stopped the contrave just to check and sure enough within 24 hours the profuse sweating and hot flashes stopped as well as the constipation,  I was really hopeful about this medication, but it is clear it is not a good fit for me."
"Before synthroid I was achy and tired. Now I have headaches...bloating...stomach pain...loose stools and the feeling of being in a fog. I&#039;m only on day 4 of the lowest dose cut in half. I&#039;m stopping it. I was put on it before and it made my heart go to sinus tach but the new doctor insisted I try it again! Hell no! I felt better before the medication!"
"I was on Remicade infusion for 7 years,  I had wonderful results for 6 years, with PSA flares slowly creeping back in the 7th, but not unmanageable.  Rheumy switched me to Simponi.  After 2 injections, while my skin is still clear, the PSA is raging.  I am in terrible pain.  I spoke the my Rheumy once and she said to give it a chance.  Calling her again this morning.  The pain and exhaustion is debilitating and affecting every aspect of my life.
I asked he about Taltz and Cosentyx but she wanted to keep me on a TNF blocker.  I&#039;m ready for change."
"I have been on this birth control 2 weeks now. Only dislike is I have gotten a few pimples and my period was like 9 days long. But it hasn&#039;t made me feel sick or any other side effect I was worried about. I guess so far so good. We shall see how the next period goes."
"Sumitriptan injectons is the only drug that has ever worked for my chronic migraines.  Such a lifesaver, would not want to think about life without it!"
"Hi there, I&#039;m 35 years old male, have strong anxiety and panic attacks 5 years ago.
I&#039;m getting worse 2 months ago, I can&#039;t go out from home, or stay alone in the house, so my therapist decided we had to change my medication. Before this I took only miratazapine. This time I combined with SSRI
-1st try: 5 mg/day : extreme anxiety-nausea-diarrhea. On the day 7th I quit.
-2nd try: 10 days later, this time with xanax (2x0.5 mg): First 3 days I took 5 mg/day, no side effects. From the day 4th, I took 7.5 mg/day: no diarrhea, but my anxiety getting worse, extreme, non-stop nausea, I ate maybe 1 or 2 bananas/day. From day 15th, side effects still here + I couldn&#039;t sleep, feeling tired and depressed. On the 18th I quit.
Not for me."
"I&#039;ve suffered from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder for about 5 years. I tried Seasonique for two years and thought it was working, but every time I had blood work done my markers for heart disease were off the charts. It was so strange and no one could figure out why. I also gained A LOT of weight. I stopped taking the Seasonique and went on the 50 mg Zoloft which I take from day 7 until I menstruate. It has changed my life. Before, I felt like abandoning my entire life and felt so guilty that I couldn&#039;t enjoy my children at all. But now I&#039;m able to get perspective on things. I don&#039;t rage and I&#039;m able to manage my PMDD. I would recommend it to anyone suffering. It&#039;s the only thing I take now and my blood work is all normal."
"I&#039;m 44 years old, I have 2 children and I don&#039;t want anymore (my husband had vasectomy 6 years ago) and I went on the patch to see if it would help with my hot flashes and night sweats.  I still have my period and thought having a little control over it would be nice, so I decided to give it a try.  I&#039;ve been on it for 4 months and I haven&#039;t had a hot flash or night sweat yet! I am so loving this patch!
However there have been other issues.....The 1st &amp; 2nd month I didn&#039;t experience any side effects. The 3rd month I had a period for 2 weeks even with the patch on and I lost 5 lbs.  And the 4th month I swear I&#039;m pregnant (but I&#039;m not), I can&#039;t stop eating, my breasts are HUGE and sore. I hope this doesn&#039;t last long, but again no hot flashes!"
"This is poison, destroyed my life, horrible side effects and made my pain so much worse. Detoxing is a living hell and makes coming off narcotics a walk in the park. It&#039;s horrible and should be taken off the market."
"I got my Mirena inserted on Friday (11/18/2011), and so far I love it. The insertion was extremely painful! Really crampy! However, I have never had any kids, and have never been pregnant (I&#039;ve heard it&#039;s easier if you&#039;ve had children). I got it inserted on the first day of period because it&#039;s when the cervix is most open. Since then, I&#039;ve had mild cramping and a very light period (more like spotting). I usually have heavy periods and pretty mild cramps. Today, I&#039;ve barely spotted at at all, and the cramps have definitely decreased. So far I&#039;m extremely happy I decided to get the Mirena. I will definitely post an update after I&#039;ve had the Mirena for a longer period of time, but as of right now, I&#039;m only expecting the best!"
"I absolutely love Nexplanon. After just two months on it, I stopped having my period and haven&#039;t noticed any changes with my body. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, no cramping, and no worries about taking a pill at the same time everyday! I think it worked so well because I was on the pill for 3 years prior so my body is used to hormones and regular cycles. Not that the pill was terrible but I am never going back!"
"On 50mg for 4 weeks then increased to 100mg for depression, panic attacks and obsessional thinking. I had few side effects, a slight hand tremor, yawning and difficulty sleeping. The only thing that lingered was the insomnia, but now that has settled down and I sleep okay. I feel so much better, panic attacks gone, obsessive compulsive disorder gone and my mood is lifting daily. I am enjoying life again and this medicine has been so right for me."
"My vagina didn&#039;t have a smell. I had heavy discharge, but it has not improved. This is day four. Maybe it will improve day five through seven. Twice a day for seven days is what I was prescribed. 

Taste awful and make me dizzy. Also, my urine is super dark."
"I started the Relistor injections about 3 weeks ago.  I was to inject 8 mg but was given the 12 mg syringe on the doctor&#039;s order.  Very difficult to discard the extra mg because the syringe is not clearly marked.  I now have the 8 mg syringes which I should have gotten to start with.  I take the Relistor every other day and it works in 5 minutes.  I set aside 2 hours to deal with the results.  5 to 6 bowel movements, including some diarrhea.   I go from bed to bathroom and back again until done.  My main problem is the nausea that accompanies the process.  I did experience vomiting after the first injection but now it only nausea.  I take Zofran a half-hour before the injection for nausea and it helps but doesn&#039;t completely take care of it.  Even with the unpleasant side effects, I am glad to have this medicine to treat the slow GI movement I have due to scleroderma, diabetes and the opiates I take for chronic back pain."
"3rd attempt on Champix..quit for 2 1/2 years the first time, then started again! The drug works great, however you need put some effort. Day 8, I&#039;ve cut back from 1/2 pack per day, to 1-2 cigs daily. My advice to you..if trying to quit on Champix, when you have a craving, distract yourself with something else, you&#039;ll find it passes quickly."
"With Hep C genotype 1, liver cirrhosis and earlier treatment with Pegasys, Copegus for 48 weeks and initially also Olysio for 12 weeks I was free from the virus during treatment, but only 2 weeks after completed course of treatment, viral content was again present. In October 2014 I started a 6 month viral treatment consisting of Sovaldi and Daklinza and I&#039;m happy to let you know I am still virus free. Had no side effects during treatment and my doctor calls the new anti-viral drugs a real cure for 9 out 10."
"I&#039;ve been on this for 3, almost 4 years now. It&#039;s works wonderful. My acne cleared right up after about 6 months, my period became regular, I stopped getting cramps (I get like a stomach ache now) and I had no negative side effects what so ever. I get 3 months at a time and pay nothing!"
"Absolutely horrible. Took ibuprofen prior to insertion. When I got up and went to leave I passed out but insertion was little more than a pinch(no previous pregnancies). 

While on it I had continuous heavy bleeding, constant pain and hot flashes. I could not even go to work or do pretty much anything but lay down with a heating pad- and I&#039;m used to severe pain. After being told by my doctor repeatedly to give myself time to adjust I finally had it removed after 3 months. It then took 2-3 weeks for the pain and bleeding to stop and hot flashes took about 2 months to go away."
"At first I was afraid. After taking it for almost a little over a year now, I would be the opposite afraid not to.  My family noticed a positive change in behavior and I lead an almost normal life."
"I was having horrible indigestion and my stomach was rumbling and nauseated from I don&#039;t know what but I took it and felt better within minutes. No side effects. Whenever I get this again, because I had my gallbladder out and still have issues, this will be my go to medicine."
"I have hypothyroidism and its very hard for me to lose weight. I have been trying everything, spent so much money and no results, NOTHING helped. I started this May 3rd I weighed 327lbs and its now may 14th and I weigh 313lbs. It has helped me so much, I exercise a lot and eat healthy now. I have no cravings for any of those bad foods I used to love. I strongly suggest this to anyone who is overweight. I absolutely love it and I have had not one side effect at all."
"I have suffered with constipation and ibs for awhile now, and I found out about Metamucil. I purchased the capsules for convenience.I have been using it for 2 days and can tell a massive difference. I have not been bloated at all, which means I have more energy. I used to spend 20-30 mins in the bathroom, now I spend a few mins, a lot easier now. I only use 4 tablets per day, and working well.I would recommend to people with constipation or those who suffer from bloating and abdominal pain due to ibs. I will repurchase!"
"I&#039;m a 51yo woman who has had problems sleeping (falling asleep and staying asleep) for about 5 years. I&#039;ve been taking 5mg melatonin at night for about a month. My sleep is no better. What I did notice is that I&#039;m more tired during the day now. "
"I started taking phentermine 37.5 half a pill a day  5days a week then skipped two days. Start date was Sept 2nd weight was 258 today is sept 30th and I  am now at 240!!! Only side affect felt was dry mouth."
"Took 25mg and thought I was going to die. Worst medicine ever. I have never been so sick in my life. Was not even able to take care of my child for two days bc I was so sick. All from one half of a pill. Beware of this medicine. I had problems breathing."
"Vyvance is the 4th medicine we&#039;ve tried for our 7 year old son&#039;s ADHD.  He has been on Vyvance for close to a month now.  With Vyvance, he still has a personality, it has a more natural, gradual start and end so he seems more balanced overall.  With other medications, he would suddenly switch back to wild and impulsive as if you flipped a switch.  The negative is that his appetite is definitely low.  He has no interest in food during the day but gets hungry late at night.  He is not falling asleep well at all, still awake after 2 hours of lying in bed.  This is definitely due to the medication. He would always fall asleep within about 15 minutes.  We&#039;ve yet to find the right one, but this is definitely the best so far."
"I have been taking Invokana for about 5 months and I feel great!! My a1c went from 9.8 to 7.4 in 3 months. The only side effects I have noticed is some weight loss. But the weight loss stopped. It does make me really thirsty, small price to pay for controlled blood sugar levels."
"It works great for my arthritis. I can be mobile enough to even go to work."
"This has worked for my depression/ anxiety. I take it at night as it makes me feel sleepy. It does make me nauseous which is my biggest issue. Missing a dose or two makes me feel like I&#039;m going crazy. I&#039;ve been on this for three years."
"This cleared up my skin wonderfully! I occasionally get a pimple every now but they are small and go away fast. It takes a few months to begin working however."
"I have been taking Mobic (meloxicam) for about nine months. When I stay on the drug I have little or no back pain.  If I stop for even two days the pain comes back.  But once I start again the pain is gone in one or two days.  It has helped me tremendously.  "
"I&#039;ve only been on this for about 2 weeks and I have tons of symptoms. Mood changes, breast enlargement, bloating, cramping in my abdomen. I&#039;m hoping it helps with my PCOS. I&#039;m going to stick with this medication for another month and if I still have all these symptoms I&#039;m going to get off of it."
"My experience with the depo shot was great! I love it! I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years now and I am currently still receiving the shot. Honestly, I&#039;ve experienced no type of bad side effects from the depo shot. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, didn&#039;t become depressed, or have mood swings, it didn&#039;t lower my sex drive, or cause me any discomfort with my periods, etc. I literally haven&#039;t, and still don&#039;t experience anything bad with the depo shot til this day! I love the depo shot because it&#039;s something you don&#039;t have to worry about taking everyday. It&#039;s quick, easy and comfortable. And works amazing at preventing pregnancy! I 100% definitely recommend anyone to give the depo shot a try!"
"Citalopram calms my mind and body.
Without it I am very aggressive and too active sexually.
Without it I feel as if my testosterone levels were too high.
My wife and I have notice that even my testicles are bigger without Citalopram and that there seems to be a higher blood flow to my penis; it was the experience of a constant state of arousal. Psychologically, without it, I experienced lots of anger, aggressivity, sexual energy, and just a general out of control level of mental energy.
We have both concluded that somehow Citalopram reduces my testosterone levels.
And, let me tell you, I&#039;m happy about it.
I rather feel calm and centered than aggressive, angry, and freaking horny all the time.
So, Citalopram is vital in my life."
"I was prescribed Lexapro 6 years ago for general anxiety disorder and mood swings due to premenopause.  This medicine helped me tremendously with very few side effects.  I did gain 30 lbs and had at least 1 nausea episode a day that would last for a couple of minutes.  Other than that, I felt much better.  I decided a few weeks ago to get off the medicine and weened myself slowly.  After a week without it, the anxiety returned.  I&#039;m now back on 5 mg and only after a few days am beginning to feel myself again."
"This seemed to work for a recent bout with the flu and bronchitis. Everything hurt from head to toe. 1 pill in the morning and 1 at night worked wonders. The drowsiness is manageable and the ability to function normally was present. I&#039;d recommend for aches and pains from flu and hard coughing."
"I use these when I need to. It&#039;s never a problem. All these people saying they are burning maybe had something more severe. I&#039;ve never burned with it."
"I was a very heavy drinker for over 20 years, drinking over a fifth a day. I read a book called the alcohol and addiction cure given to me by my father. I then started seeing a psychologist for several months before entering detox for 4 days. When I left they gave me a prescription for Campral. I did not enter a program. I did go to AA meetings quite a bit for about a year and still go occasionally although I never went through the steps. I took the Campral for about 6 or 7 months. I believe it helped, but I think it was everything combined that helped me. I have been sober since July 11,2009. Good luck."
"I am 70 &amp; suppose to start taking anastrozole in 2 days. I was diagnosed with stage 1A HER2 - 3 breast cancer last fall. After 2 operations due to some unforeseen problems, wound therapy, chemo, radiation, &amp; the plethora of side effects from all of that, my doctor told me I needed to start taking this medication. After reading about the side effects, etc., I told him, I didn&#039;t want to because of all the problems it can cause. He said it was part of the protocal in the treatment of my type of breast cancer. I already have bad osteoarthritis in my back, + fybromyalgia &amp; hypothyroidism. I still have some of the side effects of the chemo I am dealing with too. I don&#039;t want to mess up my chances &amp; get my cancer back. So worried."
"PLAN B WORKS! Do not stress. I know that after an accident durning sex, the next couple of weeks can be stressful. I took plan b three days after unprotected sex, approximately 55 hrs later. He didn&#039;t finish in me but I was very scared of pre cum. Plan b made me very sick and stress also didn&#039;t help. The pill made my period come early and I couldn&#039;t have been happier. Take plan b and pray and you&#039;ll be fine. Don&#039;t stress because it will work."
"I have tried multiple medications for my migraines and Bu-pap has worked the best. I am able to take the medication and not feel sleepy. The best part about it is that I can treat my migraine at work."
"This is a very good diet pill.  I have been able to lose 15 pounds fairly easily combining Adipex with the Atkins diet.  I don&#039;t have cravings, my appetite is normal and doesn&#039;t drive me crazy all day.  I&#039;ve been taking Adipex for about 8 months now and have no side effects whatsoever.  I did try the generic brand which was made by a different company and I did have the side effect of not being able to sleep.  So I stick with the name brand."
"I&#039;ve taken Wellbutrin in the past and just recent starting taking it again. I like the way it makes me feel. I have more energy. I&#039;m more awake during the day. I&#039;m happy and I like going to work everyday."
"I have been on this pill for 3 weeks.  I am pre-menopausal and am anemic so the dr. thought the pill might regulate my bleeding.  So, I am not using this as a birth control method.

Week 3 I had suicidal thoughts all day and severe depression.  I am never like this.  I am also bleeding and have severe cramps.  I never had cramps with my menstrual cycle before.  

I called the dr. today to put me on something else.  After reading all of these reviews I am convinced it is this b.c. pill"
"I was wearing continence pads and feeling so self conscious and miserable.  My incontinence is down to nerve failure from neuropathy. I am 43 and felt like my life was over. After 1 tablet my life changed. I have been on it for 6 months now and never have to wear a pad. Yes I have horrible dry mouth but I consider that a small price to pay to have my freedom back."
"No clue how effective it is but I just took it the first time and I am DYING. I have never felt an itch like this before in my life. This is the most pain I have ever been in, hands down. I would rather live with a yeast infection every day forever than take this stuff. Can&#039;t speak to its effectiveness and don&#039;t really care."
"I&#039;ve been on Advair for several years which worked great for maintenance of my ashtma-no side effects. Though, my health insurance changed and they don&#039;t cover Advair anymore. Dr put me on Symbicort. After the first two weeks I&#039;ve developed side effects of nervousness, light-headedness, and the most distressing-ringing in the ears. Now I&#039;m going on a month on Symbicort and still the ringing persists. Lung function is great. I&#039;ve never needed my rescue inhaler on Symbicort or Advair either.
Now in the process of trying to get my insurance company to pay for Advair which I prefer in the first place."
"I have systemic Lupus. Worked well but insomnia and Mood-Euphoria decreased my normal sleep pattern tremendously."
"Have been hiding excessive sweating for ~2 years now ... didn&#039;t sweat at all after the first application of Drysol!  It did tingle/itch for about 15 minutes, but definitely nothing to stop using it for!  On day 3 and haven&#039;t had a single drop of perspiration and have not had to use another deodorant (although I think I might get one to dab on in the mornings just to make me feel better. BEST PRODUCT EVER."
"Viibryd has changed my life for the better. I now have more energy and a positive outlook on life. I&#039;ve read of several people having restless legs. I,too, have this from time to time and I&#039;ve been on Viibryd for almost a year now. (20 mg a day) I have found that exercise takes care of this problem almost completely! I still have very slight waves of dizziness and some GI problems. I&#039;ve had the opposite problem that most people get on this med, that being diarrhea. I have constipation, but I just drink more water and eat more fruits &amp; veggies which helps tremendously. The benefits of this med far outweigh the side effects!! Oh, I also have the very vivid dreams!! Very strange!!"
"Very strong medicine. Good for long lasting relief."
"I quit my job teaching due to anxiety and panic attacks. After being off work for two years I thought the stress of not teaching would help with my anxiety and panic attacks. I was just a bit better. I thought that eliminating the stress from teaching would make a huge difference in the way I felt. My anxiety and panic attacks continued even when I did not work. I realized I needed medication because I continued to have heart palpitations, shortness of breath, shaking, feeling of being smothered, etc. I have been on Lexapro for four weeks. WHAT A POSITVE DIFFERENCE! It feels so good to feel good! Side effects went away. Other medications I tried caused constipation. Have hope that you will find something that works for you!"
"I took chantix a little over a month. It made me have a psychotic split, now I have to take medication for the rest of my life. To say I wouldn&#039;t recommend it is putting it lightly. This DRUG shouldn&#039;t be allowed on the market."
"I&#039;m 37 yrs old I have been dealing with severe depression all my life. I have tried every antidepressant medicine under the sun, some were mildly effective but the side effects were worse than the depression. I went to a new doctor and he asked if I have ever tried Xanax. I said no I thought that was used for anxiety. He prescribed me 1.5 mg a day I started noticing a difference the first day. This stuff is amazing been on it for 2 months finally some relief. Its unfortunate its abused so much and so hard to get a doctor to prescribe it. I haven&#039;t had any side effects, I have such a positive outlook on everything now. It has completely changed my life for the better. All the symptoms that come along with depression I had are gone."
"I have been on this medicine for about 8 months. After the first week I experienced muscle pain in legs and ankles. I started taking 200 mg&#039;s of CoQ10 daily and I have no more aches anywhere.
I highly recommend CoQ10 with Vascepa"
"My girlfriend has been on Lexapro for less than a month and she&#039;s already shown a drastic change in her attitude. At 1st she was quite difficult but now she&#039;s happy 98% of the time. She no longer talks about suicide and she&#039;s actually able to hold on a conversation without shutting down and getting depressed. Thank you Lexapro...you saved our lives!"
"I have been on the Mirena for eight months now, and I have never been happier. I had my period once four months later, it was so light I only needed a pad. The insertion was painful but it lasted no more than a minute. I had cramping for two days and spotting for less than a month. I will use Mirena as birth control until I&#039;m ready to have kids, and when I&#039;m done having children I will get right back on it. I love it!"
"Had a weeks sample of Linzess 290 after feeling backed up and having small hard bms for a year. Definitely did the job when taken as directed. Cons would be the &quot;oh no I may poop myself in public&quot; feeling, which happened a few times, and realizing not to take it if you have nothing in your gut from the previous day. My gut actually started feeling normal for the first time ever. Took a week to get a prescription, and my symptoms immediately returned. Restarted the script, which again works nearly immediately. Although this time around, maybe just by chance, I developed my first cold in 13 years, with symptoms start in the day I restarted Linzess . Now I am riding that out. Plan to continue med as long as this cold disappears."
"I take Seroquel 200mg every night and it makes me want lots of cookies and donuts no lies. I love sweets now where before I hated sweets.  My room-mate eats 100 mg and has to eat cookies and cereal as well.  We are both fat thanks to Seroquel. At least I sleep by myself otherwise I would be kicking someone all night long, due to my crazy legs.  Also have very vivid dreams.  I wake up not knowing if I have hurt someone or done drugs."
"I suffered from depression and generalized anxiety disorder for 4 years and 10 mg of Lexapro worked miracles.  Side effects lasted about  month and included fuzziness, fatigue and brain zaps.  I weaned myself off 6 months ago and should NOT have done that. Fell into major depression and horrible anxiety including panic attacks.  Really bottomed out finally with a twitching emotional collapse curled up in bed.  Forced myself to Dr. who put me back on 10 mg 3 weeks ago.  First week side effects horrible, including nausea, cramps, brain zaps, tremors and nightmares.  Now, into 4th week, depression is gone, anxiety much relieved and able to function.  I know in another couple of weeks, I will be back to normal again.  "
"I have been taking Reclipsen for a little over four years. From the beginning, I never really had any issues with this birth control. I gained 5-7 lbs within the first few months (not a big deal to me) and had some irregular spotting. Since then, the only side effects were breast tenderness (around my menstrual cycle) and some moodiness during my period. What girl doesn&#039;t get moody during that time? Overall, I haven&#039;t had any other side effects.  I will continue with Reclipsen until otherwise."
"My wife has a rare aggressive cancer called plasmablastic lymphoma  PBL she has been on numerous chemos over 8 months which knocked it out of everywhere except the liver. She was accepted to go on Revlimid  25mg (it&#039;s still a trial drug in Australia) she took a total of 7 pills over 9 days with dexamethasone the first 4 days. Bottom line she almost had acute liver failure, it nearly killed her. She still hasn&#039;t fully recovered from it a month ago. 
Not saying it want work for others but be very cautious with this drug a watch the patient for reactions."
"The extended release tablets enable me to maintain a normal functioning rate, without crashing."
"I took Wellbuterin for smoking cessation. This stuff made me feel weird and amped up within a matter of days. I have bipolar disorder, and I stopped taking it fairly quickly after I started. 

Around this time, I started having weird panic episodes when falling asleep. I would awake like a electrical shock hit my brain, just as my body got to the point of relaxation and sleep. The doctors had no idea what was going on, and one of them said the only thing consistent with my symptoms was methamphetamine withdrawal, and I&#039;ve never taken such things in my life. 

Many years later, a friend sent me an article saying that Wellbuterin caused this type of withdrawal. 

If this drug works for you, great. However, it was a nightmare for me."
"I started this medication on Monday November 30th, and have been on it for 6 days. I have lost 10 pounds. I do notice that I have frequent headaches and I also have a dry mouth but aside from that it works great as an appetite suppressor. Great Product."
"I started taking belviq  May 32017 , My beginning weight  was 226 as of today beginning week two I weigh 219 I have lost 5 pounds. I am on a 1100 calories a day. I replaced a meal with a protein shake. So for every thing is wonderful. My first days on this medicine I was very tired and lower back pain.  All of  those side affect has gone away. I walk 45 minutes every day.  I will be up dating weekly. Good Luck everybody."
"I have been on lexapro for about 6 months. I started on 5mg then 10mg then 15mg which is what I am on now.  For the first few weeks it lowered my mood but now I am a whole new person and it was completely worth it.  I am so focused on work, enjoy socializing so much more now, appreciate music, it has really lifted my mood from a 4/10 to a 10/10. I still have bad days every now and then but nothing compared to before.  My social anxiety has also almost completely gone and people at work comment on how confident I am. I started my job after about 6 weeks of taking it so they never knew me before.  I think its really good how it has made me so focused and goal motivated too at work and in life, I am really happy I started this medication."
"I started this medication when I was 45 years old and started back to college.  I never excelled in college in my younger years and actually made the Deans list after taking Vyvanse.  I am now almost sixty.  I really don&#039;t need it other than helping my golf game once in a while.  I just wanted to say that it is a great medication for keeping ones focus, however I did experience quite a bit of hair loss.  I only take 20mg.  I do take breaks on this medication and have noticed that my hair grows much thicker when I am off of it.  Just an FYI."
"I&#039;ve used this brand (or this type) about two years ago but I don&#039;t remember it being like this, I have never experienced such intense itching in my life. Literally I feel like my insides are itching :(  I&#039;m not sure if that means it&#039;s working or&hellip;? Well I decided it was too much for me and was causing more damage than good so I went ahead and pushed it out ;( and now it&#039;s burning ! so I&#039;m gonna have to sleep with a cold wet rag for comfort but even the rag isn&#039;t helping the burning and irritation from the medicine.  I don&#039;t think I&#039;m going to use this again. I wouldn&#039;t refer this to anyone. It&#039;s painful and too uncomfortable!"
"Oncologist ordered my Neulasta injection the day following each chemo treatment for lymphoma. Two days after the first injection, I experienced debilitating bone pain in my femurs, hips and pelvis. Could barely walk &amp; pelvis actually throbbed with deep bone ache! The pain lasted for three days, eventually subsiding on Day 3. Oncologist&#039;s nurse informed me of that specific Neulasta side effect AND that she&#039;d heard that if I took over-the-counter Claritin the day of chemo (no benadryl), and for the following five days, it may reduce the bone pain. Tried the Claritin path and experienced NO bone pain after Neulasta! My only complaint is that, in two out of six treatments, white cell count was not up enough for next chemo, delaying me 4-5 days."
"Only blood pressure medicine that has EVER worked for many heart problems for me. Keeps my pulse down around 55 to 60. Knocks out heart palpitations as well a works for A-FIB and MVP."
"Injured at work as an RN and had a spinal fusion with scar tissue issues. Butrans is awesome. Change the patch once a week-- no need for constant pill popping. Butrans makes the pain tolerable and I can forget about when I took the last pill and if I have taken too many. Pain is well controlled. Have decreased the patch from 10 to 7.5 and doing well."
"I had the mirena inserted on Friday (it&#039;s been two days).  It is very different for every woman as my doctor told me but this was my experience: They will take measurements first which is often a bit worse than the actual insertion. My experience, overall, was not bad. I had some pretty intense cramping, had to take really deep breaths, and remember it is only going to last a few seconds. Once it was done, I felt a little shakey and a little dizzy. The first night was uncomfortable, but I woke up the next day feeling much better and now I barely have any cramps at all. The important thing my doctor told me is to give your body a chance to get used to it. So far I am looking forward to not having to pop a pill every day!"
"It totally resolved my vulvar pain and I also made me more patient and less irritable with my children. "
"My son is addicted to oxycontin.  He went to rehab twice and to an extended living facility. He relapsed after both. He is in his second month of Vivatrol treatment and so far is doing very well. He is going to school and says he has no cravings.  Still, he has sleep issues and difficulty concentrating.  We are very hopeful that he will get his life back.  He is seeing a private therapist (psychologist) once a week as well.  He is very confident that this combination as well as lots of family support will give him what he needs to succeed in living a drug free life.  Many people pray for him every day and we are all very hopeful. In seven weeks he gained ten pounds. That is a big improvement."
"I&#039;ve read so many negative comments on here and side effects that sound miserable. And I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t let that stop me from trying this med. I have lost 8 pounds in two weeks. I&#039;m eating like a normal human and have zero desire to binge which is miraculous. If  I get hungry I eat. Then I&#039;m over it. I had 1.5 pieces of pizza just now which is unheard of I would have eaten the whole thing or at least 4 pieces before! I&#039;m not nauseous because I do my injections at night. I have no headaches etc. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is a bit of constipation but strange as this sounds, it&#039;s a welcome change. I usually have chronic diarrhea. All I&#039;m saying is give it a chance."
"I&#039;ve recently been diagnosed with advanced COPD with Dyspnea.  I&#039;ve tried 3 different inhalers.  The first 2 left me confused and scared that I wouldn&#039;t feel any better.  Then I tried Anoro Ellipta.  I am so pleased with the improvement.  I feel so much better and I&#039;m so glad to know I don&#039;t have to live frightened with the wheezing and shortness of breath anymore.  And it only takes 1 puff a day.  I haven&#039;t been on it long but I thank God everyday that I found it."
"I had difficulty tolerating steroids on a daily basis. My doctor suggested Benlysta since other patients had success with it. My first infusion went well with no side effects. My 2nd infusion was administered 2 weeks later and I had a severe allergic reaction. My blood pressure and heart rate were dangerously high. After 911 was called, I spent 3 days in the hospital recovering. It&#039;s now 6 months later and this allergic reaction has magnified my asthma greatly. I get short of breath very easily and will remain under the care of an allergist. I knew an allergic reaction was a possibility. I&#039;m now back on steroids."
"I&#039;m 33 and married and I like many of you was very nervous about the Mirena.  I had been using the mini pill for almost 2 years because I was still nursing, but I was tired of taking pills so I decided the Mirena would be best long term because I do not want anymore children.  I have 2.  So about a month ago I got it.  The nurse gave me Motrin to help just in case, and let me tell you it&#039;s the best thing I have ever done. I don&#039;t know why I waited so long.  I felt uncomfortable during the measuring of my cervix, but other than that I felt nothing!  No cramping, no bleeding, no nothing.  When my cycle came a few weeks later, it was lighter and lasted about 5 days longer.  So I say give it a try.  Right now I am very satisfied."
"Having extreme lower back pain since having the nexplanon inserted. The pain is on the side left side where the nexplanon was inserted (left upper inner arm). Is anyone else experiencing this?"
"Ever since I was ten years old I have had obtrusive images of inflicting pain/suffering on myself and others. These images create emotional turmoil in life, because obviously I don&#039;t want these thoughts. I&#039;ve tried different medications, yet Anafranil seemed to work the best. My obtrusive thoughts went away almost completely (granted I was on the highest dose). However, Anafranil had consequences: It gave me irregular heartbeats, and heart palpitations to the point where I felt like I was having a heart attack. I had to wean off the medication because of this. This was distressing to me because Anafranil made me emotionally feel like a million bucks, but physically made me feel dumpy."
"My boyfriend and I discovered that it made him go soft after about 10-15 minutes! It must be something to do with the hormones releasing...I don&#039;tknow. All I know is he would go soft every time when I had it in and ever since I switched back to the pill he hasn&#039;t!"
"My epileptoligist prescribed this (the generic wafer) .5 mg as my rescue medicine after my last grand mal 4 years ago on a plane - I couldn&#039;t be happier that I have this option. I take my regular seizure medicine - generic topomax that I&#039;ve been on for a long time - but this medicine has saved me from any more trips so far to the ER or seizures either grand mal or partial.  Whenever I get an aura I know that I have something with me that has been successful.  I&#039;ve only used it about once a month or so usually if I&#039;m really tired, traveling or stressed - the last one was during a dental procedure and I had tools in my mouth at the time but it was quick to dissolve in my mouth and quick to take effect.  Smooth sailing after that."
"Started Effexor after other anti-depressants gave me too many side effects. I&#039;m four months in now and so far it has been great. I do have times where I&#039;m very sleepy, have vivid dreams, and some weight gain but those are minor to me compared to how miserable I was before. Sexually it&#039;s been helpful as I&#039;m not on edge all the time and can relax easier.  It&#039;s up to the individual to decide what side effects are deal breakers. I have accidentally missed a dose here and there but haven&#039;t experienced any of the withdrawals that others have."
"I have been taking it for about 6 months now. At first a few side effects here and there so started taking it at night (50mg daily). Two weeks or so later felt it begin working. Was awesome for a good 4 to 5 months and now I feel as though my anxiety is crawling its way back into my life. I&#039;m not sure whether it is just a phase. I went up half a tablet more with my dosage but I still feel my anxiety pushing in my chest."
"I love this birth control. I have tried probably 4 or 5 brands and nothing worked for me. Weight gain, too emotional, face breaking out like crazy. This one fixed it all. I&#039;ve been struggling with acne for a long time and I am on the middle of my second month and my skin is almost perfectly clear. It has made me so happy. My last birth control, Reclipsen made me crazy. I gained fifteen pounds in two months. There&#039;s no other birth control I&#039;d use but this one. I&#039;d recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for about 2 months now and my life is completely different.  I have been struggling with depression on and off for about 14 years now.  It was getting really bad for me, I was at the point where I couldn&#039;t control my emotions at all.  It made me very drowsy at first, but that subsided after a couple of weeks.  I feel so much better inside and people around me can tell a distinct difference too.  I like the fact that it doesn&#039;t make me emotionless, just that my emotions aren&#039;t so strong and out of control.  I still get sad, but that is a normal human emotion.  I am so thankful that there are ways to make people like me feel better.  Depression is a disease, not a choice."
"I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis 4 yrs ago. I had a total knee replacement done 4 months ago and was told I have degenerative joint disease. Due to those 2 medical problems the total knee replacement is taking FOREVER to heal, therefore I am in constant, extreme pain. I take 1 - 40 mg tablet of Oxycontin 3 x daily and 1 -10/325 mg tablet of Percocet 6 x daily. I can HONESTLY say that if I were not taking these medications the pain would be too intolerable for me to do at least half of the things that I HAVE to do on a daily basis. I still feel some pain, my pain level went from a 10 to a 3 when I take both medicines as prescribed. 2 thumbs up."
"I love Implanon. Insertion was a breeze. I did have a few mood swings at first but my body adjusted. This is a great reliable birth control."
"I started taking this medication about four years ago, stopped maybe two or three years ago. Great success, my acne vanished and I have only had acne one time since, when I accidentally used moisturizer on my face. Only side effect I had was dry skin (mostly just chapped lips), which is to be expected, but it is pretty much back to normal now."
"I have taken Topamax for about 5 years I take 100 mg in the morning 100 in the afternoon and 200 more mg at night I almost never have a migraine.I used to have one 4 out of 7 days a week. I don&#039;t have any side effects not even drowsiness."
"The best thing ever not once nauseous or sick wore for 4 days had a total hip replacement and have always been sick after all my surgerys and not once had any one offered me this but my awesome dr Miller and his awesome nurse practitioner darla took care of me like I was famous thank u and the best care I have ever had"
"Symbicort has made an amazing improvement in my Asthma since I started taking it. I have asthma triggered by pollen, grasses and weeds.  During the pollen season here in Atlanta, I wore a mask to go outside. Now I don&#039;t have to. Our pollen season is long: March through to May and I was miserable until my Allergist (MD) put be on this  medication.  You have to give it a few days to take effect but then you can really feel the difference in your airways after you&#039;ve taken the prescribed inhalations.  P.S. I also take Allegra (antihistamine) - so the two products have helped me breathe like a normal person, finally."
"I was diagnosed with severe anxiety in spring of 2015. It was so bad I couldn&#039;t leave my bed for weeks without feeling like I was going to be sick. I finally forced myself to go see a psychiatrist where she prescribed me 10mg of lexapro which was a little too much to start with considering I am very sensitive to medication. I dropped to 5mg and stayed on that dose for almost a year and felt great. I got off all medication for a few months this past summer in hopes of healing on my own, but my anxiety got worse than ever, so I just started 10mg a few weeks ago. Still experiencing side effects (fatigue, dizziness, heart palpitations) but have high hopes considering the lowest dose still worked wonders for me."
"Well this is my first time on birth control and it wasn&#039;t that bad. I just finished my first month. The first week I was on it I was extremely moody I cried alot.Then I noticed that the nice person I was during my normal period cycle was spreading itself through out my regular life. I experience no weight gain, no bloating, hardly any  cramps (which is the only reason I even got on the pill) and my period was super light"
"I have been depressed with major social anxiety for over five years. I&#039;ve always been scared to try any medication. Lately it&#039;s been unbearable. I have too much social anxiety that I can&#039;t even sit through job interviews or simple things like going shopping alone. I&#039;m 25 and have been on Paxil for less than a month. The first two weeks were bad. I&#039;d wake up at odd hours of the night and be wide awake. I&#039;d feel like puking throughout the day along with being very drowsy. Don&#039;t worry. It does subside. I feel like going out more and I&#039;m not too worried as I usually am about people judging me or looking at me. I participate in small talk with strangers. I am free to go out without worrying. I&#039;m content."
"DONT LET THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS SCARE YOU! I would never tell someone not to do something with their body that may or may not work for them. I used ortho tricyclen for three years and it was great but I started to get really terrible at taking my pills on time so I did my research, read crazy reviews and finally took the plunge and got Skyla. Insertion was horrible for me because I have a retroverted uterus (which I find out at the insertion appointment) so the normal pain of insertion was amplified.. however, once it was in I only had some mild cramping and I was good to go. I&#039;ve had it for a month now and although my period cramps are the worst they&#039;ve ever been, I think Skyla is worth it."
"I have now finally found the best Migraine medicine out there. I have absolutely no side effects when taking sumatriptan. I strongly recommend it for migraines. "
"I was diagnosed in 1989. I was an 18 year boy at the time. After several years of miss diagnosis I was diagnosed in the mid 90&#039;s with bipolar disorder. I&#039;ve been on a lot of different medications, most I don&#039;t remember very well but in 2003 I was hospitalized for one month and put on Zyprexa. I got my life back I am now married, own my own home and have my own business. I am now were I want to be. The down side is I went from 180lbs to 240 lbs in 5 years. I am now border line diabetic, and my cholesterol level very high. I am now not on Zyprexa. The medicine did the job it is supposed to but my doctor and I are looking for a medication similar to Zyprexa with out the weight gain."
"After 35 years drinking so heavily my liver and kidneys packed up, continued to drink and tried several medications including a whole list of antidepressants, I was finally given a last option of trying Baclofen. It has completely changed my life and my families. Not only have I stopped drinking completely, I have no interest in it, but my anxiety has gone and my mood is stable and mostly upbeat. In my experience, if you are given the chance of Baclofen, grab it."
"An update I been on Saxenda for 3 weeks I&#039;m still on 1.2 dose a day. I&#039;m so happy started at 224 and I&#039;m at 212 which means I&#039;m down 12 lbs in 3 weeks. I recommend this medication to get you started on a healthier path. My side effects have completely disappear so now I&#039;m really comfortable with my dose I&#039;ll increase this week and see how it goes."
"I&#039;m 17 and my boyfriends condom broke during sex like most. Being my age a child is not something we need right now. I was very panicked and immediately got the pill. After reading many reviews on it I took it about 4 hours after the mishap. The only side effect I had was tender breasts. I got my period on my exact due date! This pill works! I promise you. Don&#039;t worry it will be okay !"
"This has helped my acne tremendously.  Especially on my face. Im 16 and have suffered from acne since middle school I was prescribed with this by my dermatologist. Along with some topical creams"
"I believe this is the best medication that I take.  Since starting, over 2 years ago, I have had no heartburn, become very regular also.  I take a 20mg cap every morning, and I don&#039;t eat breakfast. Just have coffee. (I am 66)."
"Was on crutches all day yesterday, painful as hell, finally out of desperation went researching for any relief from the pain. Found this site and read this forum. While still on crutches went to local Duane Read (NYC), took  some pills of Aleve at 12am and promptly passed out. Bottle states, take 2 max. 

Woke up at 4am, I can actually walk to the bathroom without crutches... it apparently took about 50% of the pain away. Still painful, still hobbling around, but I can walk unassisted! No crutches! Took another aleve pill at 4:30am and 5am, I will be loading up my pickup truck full of video gear which weighs almost 1,000lbs!

I am so glad I read this forum. Thanks guys! That really helped out!"
"I have been on TriNessa for 3 months. My insurance no longer covers Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and I&#039;ve been told this is the closest generic to Tri Cyclen Lo. It&#039;s been terrible. I&#039;ve been emotional, sad and irritable. I have highs and lows throughout the day. I&#039;ve had very depressing thoughts. I have cramps the first day of my menstrual cycle for the first time in my life and I&#039;m 32 years old. I spot between periods. I now have acne so I am going to the dermatologist to get a prescription for that.

Everyone says to give it more time. That because I was on Ortho for almost 20 years, it will be an adjustment. They tell me that TriNessa is forgiving and my body will come around. I don&#039;t know what I&#039;ll do..."
"I am a 70 year old married man.  I started on Rapaflo 2 months ago.  It seems to have reduced my urination trips at night from about 4 to 1 or 2.  I can still have an orgasm, but I have to focus harder, and the subsequent ejaculation is dry.  Something I have never experienced before.  It does seem to be very expensive, at $142 for a 30 day supply"
"I got the nexplanon three months ago. It has worked. I have not become pregnant but I have gained a lot of weight. I gained about fifteen-twenty pounds. It has also caused my skin to be really oily and causes me to get pimples often. I have had my period once in the last three months so I guess that is good. I suggest if you get the nexplanon make sure you are strict at dieting or eating healthy and exercise. I have two meals a day and go to the gym three days a week and have only lost five pounds in one month. The weight came on fast and it is hard to get off."
"Hey! I even on Sronyx for about 9 months now and it&#039;s been an overall good experience. My acne level has stayed the same. My periods used to be heavy all the way through for 7-8 days and now it&#039;s only 5-6 along with it becoming much lighter. The only downfall is I gained 10 pounds which is very abnormal for me since I am very active. so far I havn&#039;t gotten pregnant but I didn&#039;t use a condom yesterday for the first time since I started using it so we&#039;ll see how that goes! Overall a good product!"
"I was prescribed Pregabalin for my GAD, I was told it would make me feel calm. I&#039;ve been titrating up over quite a long period of time, I&#039;m now on 300mg twice daily and have found it to be completely ineffective. It has made no difference to my anxiety, and has perhaps made me more tearful."
"I unfortunately did not find out about suboxone until it was too late to save my marriage and my family but not too late to save my life. I took narcotics for 20 years(the last 8 were very very bad - my own family did not want me around). On the 3rd inhouse rehab stay I was given suboxone. I have been clean for 18 months and have myself back. Suboxone IS A MIRACLE DRUG. It gave me back the self respect I needed to reclaim my life."
"Completely removed my anxiety! I had panic attacks every single night prior to taking Lexapro and after the first few weeks of the Lexapro getting into my system, the anxiety has stopped altogether. I&#039;ve never felt better in my life."
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda since January 11th and have lost 9lbs.

I have a complex medical history, but being lighter and able to do more with my body is the goal. Weight wise my goal for the first 6 months is to lose 56lbs. 

My side effects thus far have been TERRIBLE. Extreme nausea, acid reflux, severe fatigue - even some moderate to severe dizziness. I&#039;m not enjoying it much HOWEVER - it seems to improve 10 - 12 days after each dose increase.

Dosing: because of my side effects I&#039;ve needed to slow my dose progression. Every 2 weeks I increase by 0.6 mg.

Insurance: In Canada the Public Service health care plan covers this medication  *in some cases*. There needs to be a medical need aside from obesity. 

Good luck everyone."
"Currently on day 3 of a 10 day antibiotic blast of Bactrim after 2 days on Keflex.  What I had originally thought was a pimple on my septum just inside my right nostril turned out to be a staph infection.  I had lances the &quot;pimple&quot; when it came to a head, thinking it would provide relief, however the infection spread across my nares and over the tip of my nose overnight.  Went to urgent care as I instantly suspected staph as the culprit and was prescribed Keflex and Bactroban topical until my follow up with my PCP.  Infection showed moderate improvement at my follow up, but was then prescribed Bactrim.  Within 24 hours the itch and swelling had completely subsided.  By 48 hours the sores were cluster-scabbing, and today they&#039;re falling off!"
"I have found that this medication not only relieves my chronic pain but I am able to take it and still work- I could not do that with the standard narcotic pain relievers which are typically prescribed. Thanks to my doctor&#039;s recommendation of this medicine I am able to live a much less painful and much more fulfilling life."
"It&#039;s been years  since I&#039;ve taken any robitussin. I should have stayed with just the Tussin  

This was Robitussin DM nighttime , but has the same active ingredient of detromethorpiphan.  I did not have much in my stomach so that may have been the problem.  But it&#039;s been 24 hours and I still have diarrhea, but it was worst while sleeping ando waking up after it was too late....FOUR times. That has never happened to me in my life.   The cough syrup was the only new thing. I&#039;ve been dehydrated all day, drinking Pedia late and rice and bananas.  At least I&#039;m making it to the bathroom.  Never again! Ugh!  Remember, your small intestines are 22 ft long, so it could take 2 days to get out of you system!    Not ever taking the chance again"
"I have been using NuvaRing for almost a year. I was able to go to the website and get a coupon that will pay for 50% of what my insurance doesn&#039;t cover. I had lighter periods for a while and finally had to go a few weeks without and had one of the worst periods of my life but now i&#039;m back on it and haven&#039;t had a period in almost two months and that feels amazing. I have noticed that I feel like crying for no reason sometimes but I am will to deal with that over feeling like I am miscarrying every time I got my periods. To me its worth the risks and side effects. I pay $30.00 after my coupon from the manufacture."
"I have been on Savella for about 2 weeks now and I have not had any side effects..  Today I feel a bit tired but other then that I really like how most of my pain is gone and also have lost about 15 lbs in about 2 1/2 weeks..  I am really happy that I am able to move around like normal.  Yes I do give myself time to relax that is the key when having this fibromyalgia.  I give Savella 2 thumbs up."
"Prozac 10mg  Changing my life, one day @ a time!!   LOVE it!!"
"It also took ten years to diagnose correctly.  At first I took 2- 200 mgs of Plaquenil and it gave me an irregular heartbeat.  Discontinued for a few weeks, then rheumy asked me to try again, one 200 mgm every other day. After six weeks had improvement in CRP and sed rate, even though the doc  didn&#039;t expect any improvement on that low dose. Then he increased me to one pill each day.  It did increase my migraines so he said to take it before bedtime with anti-anxiety drug.   Side effect.....sleeping much better.....wonderful side effect.  Occasionally I have to take Tylenol during night if headache wakes me up. Now I realize my extreme dry mouth seems slightly improved. Joint pain and foot pain is much better. HAPPY!"
"I have been on Yaz for just a few weeks but I love it. I&#039;ve gone up a cup size and am happy about that. My acne is GONE - none at all and I used to break out badly on my back. My period is way lighter and cramps are much better than they used to be. The only reason I put 9 instead of 10 is because it makes me very moody/irritable sometimes."
"I have been using Vaniqa for just over a week and I can already see a massive improvement. I have very dark facial hair which I have to pluck daily and always had a dark shadow. I am so pleased to say that so far so good, the shadow is disappearing and the hair that&#039;s growing back is finer and no where near as dark! Hirsutism is the most embarrassing thing ever. I went to my drs in the UK and was told I was not eligible for this cream on an NHS prescription and so my dr wrote me a private one. When I went to the chemist I was quoted over "
"I am greatly disappointed that they are going to take Midodrine off the market.  I have taken it for about 8 years with fantastic results.  Without it I have syncope often, I am really researching what to do because I rely on this medicine for help with my hypotension.  Tried to go off of it once, passed out in my bosses arms - that was embarrassing - got back on it and not a problem since.  Even on medication my blood pressure runs 100/70....but off of Midodrine I have to work to keep at 88/60, sometimes I am less than that and syncope is definite.   

I WISH they would reconsider taking it off the market."
"I took the pill before so I decided to try the same one again since it worked really well for me before. I have been on it for about 3 weeks this time and I feel great. A little sore but lil bit bigger boobs, slight nausea but eating fixes it, less appetite, a couple tiny headaches and some cramps for two days in the first week but nothing after that, spotting for two weeks straight basically but very light, skin already looks clearer I think, more energy. I think my hormones were messed up from stress and messing with my skin and cycle. I&#039;m hoping that it continues to get better with this pill."
"OMG!  This is the first time I have ever seen anyone else besides myself have an issue like this with Reglan.  The first time I got it was while waiting to have surgery and the longer I sat there, the more panic stricken I became til I was just sure if I stayed I was going to die in surgery so I pulled the IV, got dressed and went home.  When it wore off I felt crazy so called nurse at ay surgery and she said it happens frequently and we should try again using plain saline, not even ringers solution.  I was fine the second time around.  I also get it from Compazine, phenergan and ativan.  They call this reaction Akathesia.  ER gave me Cogentin and a couple of xanax and it was gone in 15 minutes.  AWful, awful feeling!"
"My husband just started taking Lithium last week and we both have seen a HUGE difference. Yesterday he told me he feels &#039;fine&#039; and not like he doesn&#039;t want to be on this earth any longer. He&#039;s been on multiple antidepressants over the years...none of which have worked. His new psychiatrist seems to have found the right drug. I hope he continues to improve. We both thought Lithium was for people with very serious disorders, which we didn&#039;t consider him part of that group. No matter...if it works it works! Take care."
"Before I explain, let me start off by saying; I do not take meds, not even for a headache.. this is a very rare circumstance. My Dr knows this and will ask me if I&#039;m going to fill the prescription as to not waste either of our time. I usually say no and we discuss non medicinal ways to cope. 
This time I said yes and got .5mg lorazepam and in the 3 days I&#039;ve taken them I&#039;m more anxious!"
"I suffer from Combat related PTSD, Depression and Panic Attacks. Have been taking Ativan for several years with Wellbutrin SR. I still take the Ativan to control the anxiety, but since my doctor added Niravam, it seems as soon as it dissolves on my tongue, I can feel almost immediate relief, and it stops the panic attack in no time at all. It&#039;s truly a miracle medication."
"For more than 2 years I have had pain in lower back and left shoulder. It was VERY uncomfortable to sleep and experienced major discomfort when rising. My back orthopedist told me not to worry about this. I applied a 1/16&quot; dose of my wife&#039;s Voltaren Gel to the affected areas a week ago, and have been pain free the entire time. Miracle medicine. "
"I have been given a 500mg 2 times daily for 7 days. I have found the taste to be repulsive but take it with ORANGE JUICE and it will kill the taste. Milk also works but I found orange juice works the best for me. Be quick though. I did however experience dry mouth and a bit of nausea. But its worth it in the end."
"I have been on Levo for almost a year. I feel awful. My levels are never consistent. Leading the doctor to keep increasing the dose. Last time this caused severe dizzy spells that wouldn&#039;t go away. I still have bad hashimotos symptoms. I just had blood work done my T3 is low, my TSH over 4. She raised the dose again even after I refused. I want to try a different medication. I am going to a different doctor in a couple weeks. That can&#039;t come soon enough. My legs, knees, and ankles ache constantly. I&#039;m in good shape, I exercise daily. It&#039;s so hard now that my legs hurt. I hate this medication. I&#039;ve heard that the pharmaceutical companies really push this medication over other thyroid meds. This stuff is awful."
"Hello:

I have been using the Inova Pads (BP 4%/Salicylic 2%) for one month. I highly recommend the pads. In conjunction with the Inova Pads, I am also using the Obagi cleanser (Clenziderm wash) and Retin A Micro .004%. The pads are not only great for delvering acne medication, but the pad&#039;s fabric gives you effective and gentle exfoliation. You can see the dead skin on the pads!!! You will be amazed. The excellent exfoliation better aides the Retin-A to be delivered deeper and mroe effetcively. It is a wonderful product. There are some possible, yet very mild side effects. One side effect is that there will be quite a bit of redness. Therefore, there have been times when I have skipped the salicylic morning treatment."
"Thanks to all the reviews on this site I went out and got a propranolol prescription. Have always had crushing anxiety any time I felt I was being evaluated. Shaky voice, unable to breathe or speak freely, the works. Had to present my work to 8 executives of a major potential client today, to do with a contract that could turn into millions of dollars for our little company.  No pressure.  Have been dreading it for weeks. Took 60mg an hour before.  It&#039;s strange because the usual internal panic I&#039;ve become so accustomed to just never came. I could have been chatting to my mum, I was that relaxed. 
It went so well that afterward, when on my own, I nearly cried out of sheer elation that I had found a solution. 31 yr old male"
"I have tried what seems like every medicine for my depression and have only experience temporary minor relief of symptoms.  My psychiatrist wanted to try ECT because nothing else was working and I was tired of being in the hospital, but I refused.  She then mentioned that MAOIs(monoamine oxidase inhibitors) can sometimes be helpful for those who don&#039;t respond to other medicines so I agreed to try it. It has been a miracle worker for me! I have been on it for about 10 months and I have not had any severe depressive episodes and find myself going through the day without all of the terrible thoughts and cravings that used to haunt me.  I went from extremely suicidal to functioning normally.  I didn&#039;t even know I could feel this way!"
"I have terrible anxiety and was very afraid to take biaxin because I&#039;d never taken it before. I worry about crazy things like having an anaphylactic reaction to medications, throat swelling shut, not being able to breathe, hives ect. I was on a triple antibiotic treatment of Biaxin, Flagyl, and Prilosec  twice a day with Protonix taken alone every morning.  I always ate yogurt twice a day with the medication as well as a meal so I my stomach wouldn&#039;t hurt or be upset. I never took the medication without food as  instructed so I never had any stomach problems at all. The only side effect I had was an odd taste in my mouth but it wasn&#039;t overwhelming or bothersome."
"I have had cyclic vomiting for five years and nothing seemed to work. Anytime I was in a social situation, or somewhere new, or had something stressful going on (the list goes on and on), nothing seemed to help. I was also taking 4-5 meds just for CVS alone. Once I was prescribed this med, everything changed. I am finally back to my old self and can eat food without worrying about nausea/vomiting. I am so thankful for this med!"
"Starting off with my condition before LoSeasonique... I had heavy periods, by the time I turned 20 my cramps were so bad that I had to rest a day and apply a heat pack. My skin was always breaking out and it was only worse in the summer. 

I went to my doctor and he offered me three options: herb supplements, hormone pills or BC pills. I chose the last one. I&#039;m not sexually active but college worries me so I figured better be safe than sorry.

After starting it, my skin was clearing up, my periods are still existing but are so light that I usually don&#039;t have to wear anything and my cramps are very mild. The only thing I recently experienced was 2 week period and some spotting, but as I said, it was very light. I&#039;m glad I chose option three"
"I take this for my Spina Bifida. Helps so much!"
"Great! I did the 3 ovule treatment and it was noticeably improved after day 1. This stuff is expensive! The applicator doesn&#039;t work; the ovule gets stuck. 
I was very happy w the results! I don&#039;t know if it will reoccur, but time will tell. Going to attack my diet, I wonder if that may make a difference."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot since december 17th 2015 and I started bleeding on the 3rd of janurary and I havent stopped yet idk what to do"
"I have been taking Tekturna HCT 150/12.5 and finally my blood pressure is getting under control.  It&#039;s been approximately 5 years of taking various medicines, and I am so happy."
"After years of all the other opioid pain pills I was put on Fentanyl 25mcg. Initial problems getting patch to stick, I contacted the manufacturer and they were very helpful. They have supplied Askina film dressings to cover the patch and they never fall off anymore. TegaDerm patches work very well also.  I was also increased to one patch every 48 hours since it seems to wear off long before 72 hours. I do leave them on for 72 hours, but alternate locations every 48 hours. What a difference. Very little pain if any and I&#039;m no longer loopy or half asleep all the time. Fentanyl has been a blessing for my lower back and leg pain. By the way I suffer from lumbar spinal stenosis. Hope this is helpful to others."
"First prescribed Baclofen orally for MS. Legs are turning into concrete. I was a zombie for about a year. 7 years ago I made the decision to have a baclofen pump implanted with meds going directly to my spine for my legs. Totally changed my life. No more zombie and spasms under control.(also had dilaudid in pump). Much smaller, concentrated doses going where they need to.It is now time to have surgery to implant another pump, 7 year battery life. I will have to go back on oral doses until healed from surgery. After that refill once a month and good for another 7 years. MS is getting worse but planning on giving it a hell of a fight....lol"
"Killed my sex drive (the only remainder of my life without fibromyalgia) and gave me terrible dry mouth that did not go away as my doctor said it would.  After six months of dry mouth and no libido, along with no symptom relief, I said enough was enough and quit cold turkey.  I experienced no withdrawal effects, and thankfully both the dry mouth and lack of sex drive went away soon thereafter.  

I feel like this medication made me more depressed by decreasing my already low quality of life.  It also made me feel as though my emotions were non-existent, which some may view as a good thing, but I prefer to be able to feel and experience emotions."
"48 y/o male with blood pressure averaging 156/102 with spikes to 200 /110 . This medicine helped stabilize my blood pressure to about 115/65 now. No major side effects but need to watch my glucose level since its a Beta blocker."
"I have suffered with migraines for years; with them comes nausea and vomiting. I have just started taking,&quot;zofran&quot;, twice. Thank goodness it has helped. I was tired of suppositories."
"I was taking Yasmin mainly for birth control as I was sexually active. But after about 2 months (3 packs of Yasmin) consuming it due course, I realized that it wasn&#039;t only for birth control but it helped my acne as well, and after 3 months, my face was clear off any acne but a few pimples (one or two) here and there but that&#039;s easy to treat. When I stopped taking Yasmin for about 3 months and my acne came back and now I&#039;m actively on Yasmin again for contraception and also acne.

I have tried many useless treatments and antibiotics and creams and gels that the doctors suggested but to no avail. And like what one said, &quot;it works inside out&quot;."
"This has literally been a life saver.  I tried to taper off it twice and my mood became very volatile, that resolved once I went back on it.  Latuda in combination with lamotrigine has improved my quality of life immensely."
"This is my third type of birth control, and I was scared to try. The other two left me depressed and overly tired. I have found the side effects of Tri-Sprintec tolerable. 
1. My skin has cleared up. 
2. I have gained weight as upon starting this birth control I was ALWAYS hungry, but going to the gym has started to help in losing it. 
3. I suffer from irritable bowel syndrome, and have not had issues stemming from that problem since starting Tri-Sprintec."
"I have BiPolar II and have been depressed/dark/worthless/in a hole for a long time. I asked my psych doc if I could try lamotrigine since nothing else helped/worked.  We gave it a go and it has made my life so much better! I feel like I have been given a gift. The gift of peace with myself and the world around me."
"Long story short I finally felt compelled to try anti depressants.
I had experienced depression for a couple of years and had bouts of anxiety. Last straw were symptoms similar to bipolar disorder. Like mania. I had been so reluctant to try meds.
But man I&#039;m glad I did. I&#039;m sad I didn&#039;t try them before. My life these couple years would have been so much better, less traumatic.
I started 50 mg of sertraline in July.
Right away I noticed my mood improved.
I used to be short tempered.
Now I am more patient.
I stopped crying every two days out of frustration due to my sons tantrums or misbehaviour.( challenging toddler) or from feeling overwhelmed with house work.

Little by little that fog of depression started to dissipate.
I am happy now."
"I took Effexor for the first and last time yesterday around 7:41 am . At first I couldn&#039;t feel my arms or face and then it felt like fire works were going off in my head . I yawned all day long and each time I did I felt like my own tongue was gagging me . The worst of it was around 3:45 am I woke up shaking uncontrollably falling over couldn&#039;t see straight it felt like I was being electrocuted it was to the point I either wanted to be knocked out or die . My husband found me shaking and rocking back and forth in our living room floor . This drug for me personally was horrific ."
"I started taking Sprintec at 15, and have been taking it for a little over a year now, because my dermatologist recommended it, and said it would help regulate my period and stop cramps. And it did just that! I have not had sex yet, so I have no personal experience for pregnancy prevention, however I hear it works very well. I had no side effects except a little weight gain in my breasts - I went from a 34 B to a 36 C. But every birth control has different effects on different girls. Don&#039;t be afraid to give this one a try."
"I have suffered migraines since l was a baby and have been put on all sorts of medications with no success. My migraines have ruled my life as the pain is horrific and I have had to live each day in fear of the next attack. As nothing worked for me l would end up in hospital having pethadine and morphine injections that only helped sometimes. Just getting to a hospital whilst going through an attack is horrific as the pain and vomiting is like nothing I can describe. A new GP recommended Relpax and it has changed my life, I cannot recommend it more highly. I take the 80mg as the 40mg did not work for me. I can now take Relpax as soon as l feel a migraine coming on and within 40 mins l am pain free. Relpax is life changing."
"My doctor recommended this for my pre-menopausal symptoms as well as anxiety.  At first I was thrilled with the results but about 3 months into it I realized the insomnia was not worth it.  I have sleep apnea so this medication was not a good choice for me. My doctor increased the ambien dose and that wrecked havoc with my system.  I have stopped taking both and hope to feel better soon."
"I started this medication tonight and I&#039;m still awake.  Started with 15 mg after 20 minutes took another one and I&#039;m still awake.  Frustration.  All it has done is make me relax."
"Very positive experience for me. Sick of taking Hydrocodone all day and night for chronic pain. Still taking Hydrocodone for breakthrough pain once most days, twice others but that is a big decrease for me. I am not nearly as sluggish and feel generally better."
"Couldn&#039;t live without it. Didn&#039;t discover it until a few years ago."
"My lower left teeth were in pain and my left jaw became swollen, I was in terrible pain and went to my dentist for an emergency. Turns out I had an infection. I was prescribed tylenol 3 for pain and boy did it work wonders, also the codiene helped to relax me from the facial pain. I recommend this to anyone who like myself, doesn&#039;t take pills on a regular basis. Some people have a tolerance to low dose pain medications, so I think this why T3 gets the shaft from heavy pill takers."
"I got my period august 4th-8th, a week later i had unprotected sex with a dude I had barely met , eventually some things led to another and it was literally a 5 minute thing! In the end I was not sure if he came in me, obviously every guy will say no but I still was not sure, I took the pill about 1 hour after it happened , I bled about 1 1/2 week after taking the pill (which you are suppose to &amp; no it wasn&#039;t my period which I thought it was). I was expecting my period in the beginning of september and it never came... I was afraid with a thought in the back of my head telling me yes he came in me, no this pill didn&#039;t work, yes I&#039;m pregnant... Luckily today i got my period! Take the pill even if you aren&#039;t sure about it! &amp; don&#039;t stress!!"
"I&#039;m a Filipina 44 years old and was diagnosed  of crohn&#039;s in 2014. I&#039;ve been taking pentasa tabs and suppository as well.  My first 6 months was four  pentasa 500mg tablets twice a day and 1 suppository before bedtime. There was an improvement I had less  diarhea and crampness of stomach. I maintained taking pentasa for 2 years and reduced the dosage until I took two 500mg pentasa a day and 1 suppository. Since I feel better. I decided to stop taking med. Now  I&#039;m 3 years with out taking any medicine and starting again with diarrhea with a bloody stool. Maybe I need to start back on pentasa again.."
"The pill worked wonders for me, after being diagnosed with PCOS when I was 17. I was overweight, pimply, and struggled with chronic depression. I was originally prescribed Yaz but then began taking the generic, Gianvi, because of insurance reasons. I personally couldn&#039;t tell any difference between the two. This pill cleared up my acne, improved my depression, gave me light, short bleeds every month on the clock (as opposed to heavy periods every 4-6 months lasting 10 days to two weeks!) and it helped me lose a lot of weight over the course of a year. Unfortunately, I haven&#039;t been taking it the past couple years, and it&#039;s been rough. I greatly look forward to going back on it soon."
"I got mine inserted yesterday. I&rsquo;ve read so many bad things about insertion, but it wasn&rsquo;t that bad. It just felt like a really deep cramp, but then it went away. The procedure was done within 5 minutes. Today, I&rsquo;ve been having some cramping, but I&rsquo;m also on my period, so I&rsquo;m not sure if the cramping is due to the IUD or my period. I&rsquo;ve never had a baby before, but I&rsquo;m sure that the pain from getting an IUD placed is nothing compared to giving birth. I would totally recommend!"
"I took ONE pill in the morning and had severe anxiety, insomnia and hallucinations in the evening and throughout the night. I have never experienced any of these issues before - either with medicines or without - and it is very scary to me that one tiny pill affected me so dramatically."
"Took 500 mgs once a day for a severe sinus infection. By day 3 my nasal passages opened up, sinus pressure and pain eased up. On day 5 I felt 90% better. Infection gone by day 8. Only side effect was I slept alot but that could be because I was sick."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 4 months now and have had 0 side effects. All the reviews terrified me but like I said I&#039;m totally fine."
"I got Hep C while I was at Bible school  in 1978 and so I never really found out how I got it. I did give blood for money in bible school ...anyways I did the Pegasus Interferon and Ribavirin combo and I was so ill it took me years to feel better. I did clear the virus but it came back with a vengeance. I was really sick at that point...I did have some mild side effects with the Harvoni like fatigue. I got my three month clear. My doctor feels that I will not have to deal with this again. I do have cirrhosis of the liver even though I have been a health nut all these years. I am thankful that the pharma industry gave us a cure. Thank you."
"I started taking Zocor about a week ago. I have had no problems. There is a numbness in my upper left leg on the outside of the thigh. Anyway, have had no other problems so I am rating it a 10."
"I am going on a 14 hour plane trip and wanted a sedative. I hate flying especially on LONG flights across the world . I got Ativan.  I took one (.5) before bedtime before I left home to see how it worked and how strong it was.  Sadly I got zip out of it.  I am super sensitive to meds.. I take an aspirin and I know in 5 minutes I am &#039;medicated&#039;. SO I am majorly disappointed. Now I am even more anxious about my trip. ugh."
"I was debating on doing laser (PAINFUL) treatments or using this gel (non painful) and went with this gel, not sure if this would work.  My scars are all over 5 years old and after 3 weeks, I noticed that the scars aren&#039;t standing out as much as they had been.  I feel confident that in time, not that much longer, that my scars won&#039;t be noticeable."
"Venlafaxine is a good drug.  It helps with depression and anxiety.  What it doesn&#039;t work so well with is the mania.  If anything, it can make the mania worse.  I find adjusting my dose works the best.  So anywhere from 150mg to 200mg.  I know that is not the wisest course, but it does help keep the mania from being too strong.  Olanzapine also helps me."
"I take  2 50 mg of tramadol at 4 PM for backaches,thought they would be like an aspirin but wow no pain in the evenings! and I realize I have a calm mind  not wasted or anything just a feeling of calm,can stand up right away without pain in my lower back and I only need tramadol during the middle of the weekTuesday to Thursday or Wednesday to Friday,if you don&#039;t want to be a druggie use tramadol."
"I hopped on the depo August 2012 after having my child on and off untill April 2015 I had no bleeding in the time I was on it, until beginning if August 2015 I started bleeding went to the doctors they made me do s.t.i and s.t.d checks everything came back negative for anything but still bleeding , but then I found out I had to have minor surgery for cervical cancer so doctors assumed that , that could be the cause of the continuos bleeding I&#039;ve had the surgery done but still bleeding I have no idea why, I&#039;ve gotta go back to the doctors once again so they can send me for some type of scan to find out why . Has anyone else had this problem ?"
"Review is about insertion only. I&#039;ve never written a review in my whole life but hopefully this can help other women. I just got the skyla inserted about an hour ago. Took 800mg of ibuprofen an hour before. Inserting the speculum wasn&#039;t painful just like a routine gyno check. It hurt the most when she clamped my cervix.  It was intense cramps. She measured it then inserted it and it was all done in a matter of 30 seconds. I just laid there for about a minute to let the cramps subside. Overall was not bad at all. Yeah cramps are never comfortable and it feels weird knowing they&#039;re in your cervix but it&#039;s over so fast. Period cramps last forever. This took 30 seconds. I&#039;ll write back in a few months about how I like it so far!"
"Recently given this medicine by my neurosurgeon. I am fused in my neck from C-3 to C-7. I get SEVERE headaches in the back of my neck down in to my shoulders occasionally or daily if my discs are herniating again (have degenerative disc disease).
These help me very much, sometimes it just takes the edge off, then with a second dose I am able to function again. More effective than Oxy and non-drowsy as well. Definitely worth trying."
"I had my first shot on June 7th, to help with the severe heavy bleeding of my period. I started bleeding the next day, and have not stopped. Sometimes it is heavier than other days. The reason this is birth control, is because sex is impossible. I will not be getting a second dose. I hope the bleeding will stop soon. I would not recommend this at all."
"I am sorry to hear of those of you for whom Avonex hasn&#039;t worked.  Either I am in a minority or just lucky with how it has helped me,  I have been on Avonex for almost nine years and he first month was a challenge....shivers and aches shortly after my injections.  Ever since, however, it has only been a minor inconvenience.  I take two Advil an hour before my shot and only experience what I call a bit of a &quot;funk&quot; 24 hours later, other than that, it is a breeze, thank goodness!

My biggest challenge was the 1-1/ 4 inch needles so I changed to 1 inch.  Much less daunting!

I have never missed a shot in almost nine years and don&#039;t plan to miss one going forward.

Best to all of us MSer&#039;s!"
"I wrote a review yesterday, but there is limited type space and wanted to add some things. Like I said, the facial helped avoid the purging phase &amp; I also had derma planning done where they remove facial hair which helps skin absorb products. When I use the Ziana gel at night, I use one drop to cover my whole face. The first two nights I made the mistake of using about 3 drops &amp; it made my face red. Use a washcloth to cleanse/exfoliate-this will help the peeling, drinks tons of water, use Cetaphil lotion 30 min to 1 HR after Ziana application and you should be good to go. It&#039;s been one week &amp; my face looks great &amp; is hardly peeling. You can also apply more lotion to the dry areas. I pat in the lotion instead of rub to help with absorption."
"Day 1, five hours after taking it the only side effect I notice is being very thirsty. Diagnosed 10/2010 with a VL of 184 and CD4 ~1000. 7 years in, my VL is under 3000 CD4 ~700 with never having taken any HIV meds. Genvoya was prescribed for me a few months ago but I have been dragging my feet.  Will update occasionally since it&#039;s only day 1 and not much to share yet. Best to you all!"
"Have had problems with social anxiety since I was a teenager and I must say after trying Paxil, Seroquel, Zoloft and Wellbutrin, Paxil is by far the best. Only big catch is don&#039;t miss a dose you will have a panic attack."
"I had Heptatitis C 1A at a level 2.  I was not experiencing many effects except becoming fatigued occasionally . I had limited side effect of being somewhat tired and forgetfulness during my work.  It was not extreme. I am very happy to be cured."
"I started taking Saxcenda 4/1/16. It has only been about 3 days and my starting weight is 240. So far at 0.6 mg, I have no side effects at all. The big difference is noticing that I have no appetite for food at all and no cravings for anything! Forget about 3 meals a day, I am thinking about maybe only doing one or very little at each meal. I can understand why my appetite is suppressed because the drug is supposed to play games with your brain, well I guess it is working just fine. I have to start incorporating the treadmill in with this injection along with the low calorie diet. I hope I still feel this good when I start bumping up the doses in the coming weeks, we shall see. My insurance covers this drug with a 10 copay and 10for needles"
"I was on Zoloft for about 3 years when I was a teenager. It tremendously helped my depression. There were side effects however. My doctor told me that it metabolized slowly and takes a few weeks to notice results.. so in my ignorance, I thought that that&#039;s how long it takes the body to metabolize the stuff. For at least a year there would frequently be times where I&#039;d forget to take my pill in the morning.. sometimes for a few days in a row. So when I remembered that I should take it, I would take 2,3, or even 4 of them to make up for days where I skipped. Like I said, this is only due to my own stupidity. I would end up being awake ALL night long.. completely stung out and not knowing why. I developed Insomnia and pretty much went crazy."
"This medication was prescribed to me for my anxiety (pretty extreme), panic attacks, PTSD, OCD, and insomnia. It does a really good job of quieting my mind so my active commentary is pretty much gone, but I do have moments where I go numb and moments where I kind of &quot;come to&quot; while I&#039;m awake. I am still adjusting to the medication though, but I am very hopeful."
"I have been using Implanon for over a year now and I really like it. I only got my period the first month when my body was getting used to it and have not had it since. I have gained about 8 pounds in the last year but I&#039;m not sure if it was from the Implanon. Either way it is not bad.  I like Implanon because I don&#039;t have to think about taking it. I used to have the NuvaRing and would even forget the dates for that so it is nice to have a birth control that I can&#039;t forget to take."
"I have had restless legs syndrome for many years.  The first medicine I started to take was Klonopin which worked okay, but about 10 years ago I changed to Mirapex. It is such a great medicine for this problem that if I happen to forget to take it, as I do a few times a year, I totally freak out and panic.  Once I was on a trip and realized I&#039;d forgotten this medicine and was in a panic.  Without this medicine my nights would all be a nightmare.  With this drug I have no problems with my legs and no side effects. Thanks to whoever came up with this miracle."
"Have been an on and off smoker for more than 30 years. Just started with the lozenges. They work fantastic. I only take them when I feel a craving coming on. I do not need 1 every 1-2 hours. Definitely give these a try. I had started my commitment the first of the year ... cold turkey. I was really having terrible cravings. I didn&#039;t want to fail at this so I purchased the lozenges. They are just enough to keep me from buying that pack of cigarettes. Day 19 ... smoke free and have saved approximately $54.00 so far."
"I pop one of these, &quot;Valtrex&quot; 1grm and not long after I notice a change in my cold sores.  AND I GET THEM BAD.  ....so bad that I can&#039;t eat things like chips, salty things, candy, etc. It&#039;s miserable.  If Valtrex didn&#039;t exist, I would be in quite a lot of pain and discomfort.   I carry extras in my locker at work in case an outbreak hits again."
"I am a 22 yr old virgin, so I&#039;ve never experienced child birth and don&#039;t want to anytime soon. I just got the Skyla iud inserted today at about 1pm and before getting it inserted I did my research to make sure it was the best and safest option for me. My overall experience with the insertion was not bad to be honest I know everyone has a different pain tolerance and honestly I&#039;m a wimp with pain but if you remember to take ibuprophen before hand and stay calm and positive, the worst part is the part where they measure the size of your uterus to be honest it felt like a piercing pain near my stomach and I felt cramping it lasted for less than a minute and then it was done you may feel light cramping afterwards but honestly it wasn&#039;t bad"
"I have had psoriasis for like 5 years. Nothing has worked. I have had it in some spots on my body, my ears, and on my scalp. I used this medicine one time in my ears, and some on my scalp and i saw a HUGE improvement. My ears are pretty much cleared up, and my scalp is on it&#039;s way! Best topical I have ever used! I highly recommend it!"
"Lexapro has changed my life. I&#039;m now out of a 2  long year depression, and have no more anxiety, no more ruminations, nothing. I feel at peace with myself, I&#039;m feeling happier about my life every day, and have learned to forgive, love and accept myself as I am. I no longer feel shame or guilt for mistakes or my flaws. I feel incredibly positive and in control of my thoughts and feelings. Everyone will have a different experience, but at last I have found something that has truly changed my life for the better."
"I&#039;ve struggled with binge eating every since I was in middle school and I&#039;m now 33. Nothing ever worked for me until Vyvanse. The biggest thing for me is that I no longer obsess over food. I would think about food all day long and all night until I managed to fall asleep. I never knew what hunger truly was because I always used food to control my emotions. Vyvanse controls the compulsions and obsessions I once had over food. An added plus is that I&#039;ve lost 8 pounds in about 3 weeks since I&#039;ve started taking it. I no longer binge and its the strangest yet most incredible feeling in the world. I would have rated this a 10 but I&#039;m only 3 wks in so hopefully the effects are long lasting."
"Me and my boyfriend had sex WITH a condom but this time the condom broke. He pulls out before ejaculating, even with a condom on because we are scared to death of pregnancy.  I wasn&#039;t sure if it got in me, but I wasn&#039;t taking any chances. I took the generic Take Action pill but was worried it might not work then got ANOTHER pill, (plan b one step). I took both within 24 hours or the sex (I know this isn&#039;t recommended) this was on october 3rd and usually my period comes at the beginning of the month, so i was more afraid that my chances were bigger. I had no side effects so I was scared that it wasn&#039;t even working. Today, October 12 I got my period. DON&#039;T WORRY, it will work."
"I have been using sominex for a long time, I asked GP about it and he would rather I take it than prescribing me sleeping tabs, it works well for me, I take it at least an hour before bed, fall asleep easily and can still wake up for the bathroom and go straight back to sleep, feel fine on waking with no after effects, a great over the counter product."
"Works fast. After 2 hours will make your mind clear. Like you are a different person."
"I am young and have been suffering from severe to extreme neck pain resulting in debilitating headaches for as long as I can remember. 

I have done every natural therapy known to me including myotherapy, acupuncture, deep tissue massage, Bowen therapy, chiropractic and osteopathy therapy, etc.

The therapy alone was costing me $800 a month plus pain killing medications. I started to believe I was addicted to codeine because I associated it with withdrawal like symptoms. 

I then went back to my GP and was told to have X-rays including an MRI after seeing a rheumatologist specialist. 

Diagnosed with cervical osteoarthritis and also osteoarthritis in my hip. Last winter I couldn&#039;t even put on my undies. 

Naprosyn saved me! Simple."
"My 11 year old son was given Keppra due to a dual concussion that lead to seizures in 4/2010. He hated the way it made him feel.  His neurologist put him on extended release Keppra which cause him to loose 30 pounds within a 3 month span.  He was rushed to the hospital due to high sugar - 564 dl.  In ICU, he was given Keppra at night, during his sleep,  his heart rate would slow down to 50 and set off the heart monitors all night. The cardiologist said there was nothing wrong with his heart after running numerous test.  The medication compromised his system, caused Type 1 diabetes and triggered irregular heart beats.  I weened him off Keppra against doctors wishes 10/2010.  He has had no seizures since, but still has Type I, he is 17 yrs ."
"After 6 weeks on Doxycycline &amp; Prednisone for pneumonia, I got a mild YI. First usage felt like someone had doused my lady bits in lighter fluid &amp; stuck a grilling match up there. OMG the burning and itching!!!

Treatment 2, same thing. The burn and itch are insane!!! It feels as though Satan himself has taken up residence in my vagina and ripped my vaginal walls out to replace them with fire &amp; brimstone. 

NEVER AGAIN!!!"
"Tramadol has been little short of a miracle for me. Was first prescribed in mid-90s for painful back injury. Used it off and on since then when pain flared up. For about the last 4 years, have been taking Tramadol daily, either 50 or 100 mgs. Have never had need, urge or whatever to increase dosage. "
"Very effective. I am recommending it to everyone. First time I took it 12 years ago while having a very bad cold and after 2 days I was okay. Since than we use echinacea as a preventative measure against colds and have not had one cold."
"After suffering from persistent acne for 7 years I asked my gp to refer me to dermatology (after trying everything from my docs). I first went in Oct 2014 and was put on doxycycline. Not sure why as I already tried this from my Gp but the dermatologist was adamant not to put me on roaccutane as I have suffered with depression for years! Had my review 2 week ago and I seen a new dermatologist as the previous one had left (thank god!) she wanted to put me on roaccutane with no hesitations. Had my blood test done 20 minutes later then picked my prescription up the next day :) soooo happy already! I&#039;m already seeing results and I&#039;m just about going into my second week. My face is so much clearer. I would recommend this treatment up to now x"
"Noticed a difference within the first week. I missed one dose and took it the next morning (10mg) and ended up with a migraine that day.  It has been 9 months with only that migraine."
"I can not take this medication due to the fact that you use dyes, I am allergic to them and can not take them, yet manufactors seem to think there is no problem with using dyes. Why not use natural materials like beet juice for color, get away from the dyes, they are not healthy for us."
"I had the implanon about 7 years ago and had it taken out after only a year (not the 3 its allowed).  This was a horrible experience for me. I didn&#039;t have a period he entire time, I gained almost 50 lbs, had the worst mood swings, I could feel myself becoming angry/crazy even though often times it was not that serious. Everything made me mad, or made me cry-- just horrible. after having it removed, it took almost 2 and a half years to start my period again and another 2 for it to become regular! when I did first get it, I had a period every 4-5 months. Now that it is a bit regular, I still can not seem to get pregnant. worst decision I ever made was getting the implanon. NEVER AGAIN, nor do I recommend to anyone"
"Alesse was the first birth control pill I tried. Prior to this pill I had Depo Provera (there was about a 3 month gap in between these contraceptives) and it was such an awful experience. I was so scared to try any birth control cause the last one made me feel so incredibly crappy. My nurse told me to try Alesse because it was the lowest dose of hormones (according to her) so I reluctantly tried it. Its been 9 months and I haven&#039;t had any problems. Periods are only 3 days and they&#039;re extremely light. No depression, no major weight gain (I work out regularly so its hard to know for sure), no complete loss in sex drive, no spotting. Only con to Alesse that both my friend and I agree on is the facial acne. Try Alesse if you need birth control!"
"I was welcoming to a 3 day cure. I was looking forward to getting home, and starting the journey to get rid of the recent issue. It was my first serious yeast infection. I showered. Waited for bed to insert the first application. At 10 I was well now is good as ever. I inserted it. Hard to do because it hurts to actually put in. I&#039;m not sure why, could be it awfully dry. You&#039;d think they&#039;d consider that. But let me TELL you, a discomforting insertion was nothing for the hell I was about to endure. It&#039;s a terrible burning sensation. It literally made my legs twinge. It&#039;ll fade out and it&#039;ll come right back. Fingers crossed it gets the job done with one application because I don&#039;t think I can endure another. Good luck to all you ladies!"
"It is a great medication I&#039;ve had no seizures and my back pain is little to none"
"So far I am not impressed.  On the first day I had a dizzy headache, but from the second day on I have had no bad symptoms at all.  That&#039;s the good news!  The bad news is I have been on Belviq for 6 days and I have GAINED 1 pound each day I have been using it!!  On the first day I cut down all portions, ate a salad or small cup of soup for lunch and a smaller portion of dinner--yet each morning I have gained a pound.  It is absurd!  I plan to take the full regimen of pills I bought (and what a bill that was!!), but I don&#039;t know if I will make it to my next doctor&#039;s appointment in 3 months with good news.  I have not been hungry at all, so you&#039;d think the weight would at least stay the same or go down.  Very depressed.. :-("
"I had back pains for three days and unable to sleep comfortably. By the four day I couldn&#039;t even take a deep breath. I tried  Salonpas along with back massagers and soaking. Nothing helped! I went to the E.R. urine test revealed elevated white cell .They prescribed me cephalexin 500 mg three times a day. I was in so much discomfort I started the medication immediately!  I felt 100% better the very next day. I have been drinking water and cranberry juice."
"I loved Chantix the first time that I used it!  I told everyone how wonderful this drug was.  Unfortunatley, I started smoking again and decided to use the Chantix again.  Shortly after starting the Chantix, I experienced my first migraine.  It was so scary because it had neurological side effects as well. My vision was blurry and my left arm went numb.  I stopped the Chantix and called my family doctor.  She did a neuro exam on me and everything was okay.  I had an MRI which was negative.  I decided to try the Chantix again after not having another migraine.  Guess what.....my second migraine happened.  I was shocked since I had taken the drug before with no problems but now I am convinced that it was the Chantix that caused this."
"Adderall has made me successful at work.  It allows me to dominate. I am the hardest worker. I only want to work and get ahead, but not socialize."
"I am 37 years old and was finally diagnosed with Adult ADHD almost 2 years ago so I was put on 20 mg Adderal XR and it worked great. But I did start to notice that I would get pretty irritable on it mostly when it was wearing off. So I wanted to try a different medication to see if there was one I wasn&#039;t so grumpy on. So I started Metadate CD and I was not irritable on that one at all :) But it seemed to wear off within 4 hours and made me soo tired. So now I am on Aptensio and it has been pretty good so far I have only been on it for about a week and it really does last a long time and I am able to stay focused. I don&#039;t feel a crash like Adderal. I would just recommend taking it early in the morning so it can wear off before you go to bed."
"You need to check your hormones with blood work to make sure they are all level. After using depo tesoesterone for a while.you will start feeling side effects you never got before. Also you might have to donate your blood testosterone will give you a high red blood cell count which it&#039;s not good. When you notice your test shots are not giving you the most like it used to you have high estrogen levels and prolactin levels too. you will need to take arimidex to bring it down. You will know when it&#039;s time the side effects are terrible. vitamin D is recommended while taking depo testerone it&#039;s a must."
"I have been taking Synthroid for about eight years now.  I have tried the generic Levoxothyrine and it makes shaky all over even at the same dosage.  My history has been going from hyperthyroid, caused by thyroiditis, to hypothyroid afterwards.  I take my dose religiously every morning 1 hour before breakfast.  Even in light of this I seem to have great fluctuations in my levels.  I assume this is more a physiological problem than that of the medication.  When we get it leveled out, I feel well."
"I think xanax really helps me with my panic attacks and anxiety, and would recommend it for anyone with similar issues."
"I&#039;ve taken Cataflam for over 10 years now. I make it a point to take it on the first day of my period and I never feel any cramps or pains. I do have a pretty bad dysmenorrhea. Cataflam&#039;s great and makes my period so bearable."
"I had this injection earlier today; it was no more uncomfortable than the annual flu shot that I always get - just a slight stick.  I have no redness or irritation at the injection site, and I am experiencing no side effects whatsoever.  I&#039;ve had the &#039;other&#039; (PPSV23 pneumonia shot and with it I did have redness and soreness around the injection site, but it went away after a few days.  I&#039;ve had pneumonia about 10 years ago, and I don&#039;t ever want to go through that again.  The pneumonia vaccinations are the way if you are &#039;at risk&#039;, as I am."
"In a waitress and have osteoarthritis on my knee and moderate foot pain due to over use on days l work. I love this stuff and call it my magic gel. It doesn&#039;t take the pain 100% away but it reduces it to a low enough level that I can sleep. Without it I am up for hours twitching and wiggling trying to find comfort after s a long dayday. The scent is mild after a few minutes, and so is my pain level. After a particularly painful day I may apply twice. I don&#039;t need this every day so a tube will last me several months, at $30 each tube it does add up but since I don&#039;t need it nightly I manage the expense."
"Most of the negative reviews on this pill didn&#039;t give it enough time to get used to. You have to remember that you&#039;re causing a disruption in your bodies hormonal cycle, and that&#039;s going to cause slight discomfort on any pill. ALSO birth control pills are different for everyone. Bad reviews doesn&#039;t mean that this pill won&#039;t be a perfect match for you. The first three months of this birth control were a little rough, mood swings and heavy periods. BUT by the fourth month I stopped having periods altogether. I now haven&#039;t had a period for almost a year and experience no complications. My sex drive is normal , and I have gained no weight."
"I don&#039;t know about others, but this is a god send to me.  I have very, very bad asthma. Walking up a few stairs can wind me, as can walks (which I love doing), and exercising is extremely difficult. The pains from asthma problems can hurt quite a bit. I got on Advair and my dependency on my albuterol inhaler dropped from 2-3  times a day to maybe once a week.  I was off of it for years because of insurance companies dropping it, and then not having insurance.  I&#039;m back on it now (after Primatene mist went off the market), and I&#039;m doing great again.  It hasn&#039;t kicked in to effect fully, but I can already feel its effects.  The side effects can be bad for some people, but I&#039;m a testament to how awesome it is."
"Getting nexplanon means getting stabbed in the arm. It hurts a bit but better than getting a metal spring stuck in your uterus I say. I have been period free since day 1. That&#039;s right, no period. I also have not gained any weight, and have had no issues with acne. The thing lasts three years. THREE YEARS! I am worry free, side effect free, and baby free. What more can you ask for?"
"I had this Euflexxa injection back in 2015, and it work excellence for me, haven&#039;t has to do any injection in my knees since. No swelling nor fluid since, yes I have recommended this injection to several of my friends, because it work for me."
"I had tried other medicine for HIV and they worked but they also made me sick and depressed. I stopped taking them. Genvoya is the best! After I started taking it I got a night sweat here and there but that was about it. My viral load went from 123,000 copies to 122 in a month&#039;s time. Cd4 went from 173 to 364. Genvoya is not for everybody but if your doctor recommends it, get it!"
"It was pretty good overall.  It did make me feel very lethargic, I was very content to sit on the couch and stare at the wall or watch mindless tv."
"I&#039;ve been on Reclipsen for about a month now. This is my first oral contraceptive. I love this birth control. I used to have SEVERE cystic acne but this stuff keeps my skin so clear. Another thing I love about Reclipsen is that is levels out my mood and I don&#039;t have mood swings like I used to. Also I&#039;ve noticed since switching I&#039;ve been in the &quot;mood&quot; way more. I did gain 5 pounds but no complaints here! I am very thin and the weight has filled out my body! My breasts are so much perkier and larger, which is a plus for me! I also think this made my hair grow. I&#039;ve had a sudden growth in my hair and I have done nothing different to it. Only downside is it causes me to lightly bleed."
"This is the BEST antibiotic on the market. I have taken it several times and I love it.. Works fast with NO side effects..... Love it"
"I recently did the Suprep in preparation 
for a colonoscopy. I read all the reviews and 
Was so nervous about taking Suprep. 
It tasted so much better than my past preps, 
Golightly and Movi Prep. The taste was not bad at all and it was so much better than 
Ingesting Golightly.

It was suggested on this forum to taste a banana popsicle in between gulps with a straw  and that worked well. 
I would recommend this prep. The Doctor&rsquo;s Office said I had to mix the SuPrep with water."
"Halcion has been very effective for me.  The only problem I have noticed is if I eat late the medicine is not effective.  I take Halcion with trazodone and never had 
to increase dosage on either medicine. I have been using this combination for 5 or 6 years. My insomnia was a result of menopause."
"This medicine allow me to be less paranoid and this helps me by eliminating all my hard feelings about my life. The only side effect that I am getting from this medicine is oculogyric crisis."
"Champix absolutely worked for me. After the first 7 days on pills,  quit and now has been 3 weeks with no cigarettes.  Do not crave it, think about it fleetingly about once a week can think about something else and forget about cigarettes so easily. Don&#039;t know if it works this way for everyone, but it absolutely worked for me!"
"An absolute 10! I use to have the most awkward, painful and random pain when urinating. I could never commit to anything because I never knew if it would happen. Finally I noticed really really hot water helps and alleviates the pain so I actually carried a little campers thing with me. About a year ago, well 2 years ago, I met with this Urologist, probably the 12th for that year. He told me about Elmiron. It is expensive, but if you take it everyday I haven&#039;t had the problem since."
"Prescribed Macrobid after misdiagnosis. 2nd day, I was yellow, vomiting, dizzy, weak. Hospitalised at hospital emergencies. Took doctors one week to confirm Macrobid was the reason for my liver failure. Almost lost my life."
"A few years ago I would have given this medicine a 10 but lately for me it has not been as effective as it used to be.  I got a breakout a few days ago and treated it with a Valtrex 1 day cycle.  Today I broke out with another cold sore even though I just took the medicine.  This has happened before too.  I will do another cycle but I don&#039;t know if it will help.  I will say that the sores are smaller when I take Valtrex but still last about 7 days.  Supposedly you cannot build a tolerance to this medicine but I seem to have."
"I have suffered with major depression my whole adult life. Have been on several types of antidepressants all of which left me feeling like a zombie. The first time I took Effexor I noticed a major swing in my moods it has been a total saviour for me. Two weeks ago I was in bad shape, today a week of Effexor I feel on top of the world . This medication with the help of family friends and councilor had without a doubt totally turned my life around now everything in my life is happy and positive. Without this medication my future would&#039;ve been bleak to say the least."
"I started taking 30 mg once a day of Cymbalta 4 weeks ago for Fibromyalgia and what a huge difference it has made for me. At the suggestion of my pharmacist, I take it in the morning after eating breakfast (helps prevent nausea) and I am more alert, aware, awake, able to function with less pain and fibro-fog and I&#039;m now sleeping better at night. I still wake up at 2-3 am but am able to fall back to sleep within a short time. On its own it has not taken the pain fully away but on most days it has brought it down to a level that is manageable with other techniques for dealing with pain (capsaicin rubs, Epsom salt baths, Tylenol, electric heating blanket). It has decreased my appetite and for me that&#039;s another plus!"
"I really like this pill. At first I noticed my skin become more oily, but then that went away. I have had no other problems so far and it works really well for me. My skin has actually cleared up more. I have not gained weight and my periods are now regular and lighter. But what might work on me might now work on others."
"Have suffered from eczema all over face, neck, upper body. Nothing worked, and I had to moisturize every 15-30 mins throughout the day.  2 yrs ago, I stopped using topical steroids and had a serious rebound effect of worsening eczema.  Since then, it&#039;s been manageable, but has never improved. I&#039;ve tried changing my diet, going organic, different moisturizers, bleach baths, Bactroban, etc. It was hard to get the prescription as this is a product that not many Drs are familiar with. In 2 weeks, I almost finished the 90g tube, but my skin improved so much! My face is baby-smooth. I could go for  8 hrs without moisturizer! I finally have hope again. It still itches, but the skin quality has drastically improved. No side effects. And no more steroids!"
"I have taken Yaz a little bit more than a month. I got bad chest pain every night and it hurt when I was breathing. This side effect was unacceptable so I decided to stop it after I talked about it to my gynecologist. I also have discovered that I am very sensitive to hormones so the dosage was too high for me."
"After taking one pill within a half hour I was erect and hard, had sex and could keep going to her surprise. Deciding to continue to fool around, I found it easy to become erect when aroused by her, and this continued all day into the night and into the next day. I was very happy with the results. Again that is after taking one pill not half."
"I&#039;ve had the implant since January. I love it. It works well against pregnancy. I barely have periods , every now &amp; again I&#039;ll have one but not every month. Only problem I have is the weight I&#039;ve gained."
"I have been on savella for 5 months now and it really does work. It doesn&#039;t make you pain free but it has helped me 75% from where I was. It didn&#039;t work that well for me at first. It took about 8 weeks then I started felling a real difference. The worst side effect is the sweating. The others I had is gone. I am going to try a natural herb for that. I take a good multivitamin and b-12 complex which helps me with the fatigue. I have had chronic pain from fibromyalgia for almost 10 years. Took all the medicines. Like others said your whole life changes. You hurt all the time can&#039;t get out of bed for days at a time. Try it for awhile, give it a change."
"Milk Of Magnesia is great. The only complaint for me was that the dose of 1 cup didn&#039;t work within 6 hours as advertised. It took about 10 hours instead. As time went by I had forgotten I took it; I went to a party and of course it started working there. To be predictable (2-3 hours) I have to take about 3-4 cups. The only problem with that is that you keep going once it starts working, even the following morning. However, it&#039;s very gentle, no cramps. When I need it I just plan on being home. It&#039;s the best."
"I have been on Chatael for 12 months now. I did have mood swings and did cry a lot the first week I was on the pill just because my body was getting used to it. By the second week I was perfectly fine. I did not gain weight and my skin has been perfectly normal. My periods are light to normal and last only 3-4 days and come like clock work. I got it from planned parenthood and the only reason I&#039;m switching (to Levora) is because at planned parenthood it did cost 27$ for each pack. Overall very happy with it and I&#039;m hoping Levora works just as well for me and doesn&#039;t give me bad side effects or I&#039;ll definitely switch back."
"Ovide is the best thing ever! 4 years ago and after a crash course in head lice the Dr prescribed RID. After 4 months, countless hours combing, washing clothes and $500 later to treat 4 children and the sprays for furniture, every week these roaches kept coming back (this amount don&#039;t include the extra expense that we incurred replacing clothes that finished in the garbage can after being washed in hot water). Finally I went back to see my children&#039;s Dr. and she prescribed Ovide. After the first treatment, no more head lice! 3 months ago my son got them again and off course my choice was Ovide hands down! Don&#039;t waste money on other products."
"I have suffered with constipation and ibs for awhile now, and I found out about Metamucil. I purchased the capsules for convenience.I have been using it for 2 days and can tell a massive difference. I have not been bloated at all, which means I have more energy. I used to spend 20-30 mins in the bathroom, now I spend a few mins, a lot easier now. I only use 4 tablets per day, and working well.I would recommend to people with constipation or those who suffer from bloating and abdominal pain due to ibs. I will repurchase!"
"I felt the life was worthless, close to suicidal. I tried different medicines, without any result. The Wellbutrin changed my life. I have been using it for 2 years. In the beginning 150mg made a big change. After some time I used 300mg. Now I have stabilized in a pretty good mood and energy with only &quot;filling up&quot; with Wellbutrin two or three times a week. No side effects. Try it, it is nothing to lose."
"I was suffering from being a slave to my negative thoughts, making assumptions about my relationship that my partner was cheating on me or having a secret life, constantly being controlling over where things go in the house, how things should be, really severe mood swings and ridiculous anger which I would ignite a lot of arguments and have the urge to get physical and just completely lose it and not think rationally. My marriage was on the verge of failure due to my negative actions and my husband was at his breaking point. My doc prescribed me 50mg of Zoloft and I finally started it, I&#039;m on week 2 and I feel incredibly calm, content and full of life again. I feel like I can handle situation in a positive manner."
"Since my first year of college, I started breaking out badly. I would get so frustrated that I would pop my pimples, and so I would get countless acne scars. After three years of adult acne, I decided to finally go to the dermatologist. She recommended me Epiduo. At first, it really dried out my skin, especially around my nose. However, after a week or so, the over-drying of my skin subsided. I would actually wake up with really oily skin, and I still do (but that could be from a lot of different things with my skin). After using it every night for three months now, my skin has changed dramatically. The only reason I didn&#039;t give this gel a 10/10 is because my skin isn&#039;t perfect, but whose is?"
"Second month update...I lost 8lbs this month. I was hoping for more but I have not been able to get up to go to the gym due to insomnia.  I am a morning workout person (before work). I have no problem falling asleep but usually wake up after only 3 hrs and then I cannot fall back asleep until right before it is time to get up. As exhausted as I am my next dose of phentermine gets me through the day but it has become a vicious cycle.  Today I skipped phentermine for the first time as my body needs sleep and I plan to resume tommorow. 

Another side  effect I have experienced is constipation but a stool softener took care of that for me.

Overall phentermine has been very helpful . I have been alternating my calorie consumption ."
"I started Saxenda with the trial box on July 20th. My first t week I lost 8 pounds. My insurance covered me for the full dosage. I&#039;m now less than a month in and I&#039;m down from 260 to 245. I get full very quickly and have slight nausea some days. Dry mouth is my major issue. I no longer feel the need to snack or crave junk food. I can say I&#039;m happy with my results so far. Remember everyone is different and body reacts to things differently. Don&#039;t get discouraged it will pay off."
"took it after baby was born in September 2015 felt normal again in December so I decided to get off. Felt fine until about a week ago in April. 2nd day on it. Makes u feel jittery and crazier for a few days but I know it will get better if I stay on it. definitely recommend not being alone first week u are on it and make sure u have some help!!!"
"Took Topamax for headache prevention. Made me so sleepy I was sleeping through my 11 am classes, then coming back from class and sleeping through lunch and dinner. I did lose 20 pounds due to sleeping through meals and the extreme anxiety caused by Topamax, but the second I stopped, I gained it right back. I have been off of it for months but am reviewing today because I am still getting the &quot;pins and needles&quot; feeling in my hands, even about 9 months after quitting cold turkey. I hated my experience with Topamax, it negatively affected my grades and did not improve my headaches."
"I find when I do take Percocet for my back problems they really help. Stop taking them when I&#039;m not in pain was an issue also. For the withdrawal I would take a few tylenol #2 or #3. Really helped. After a week it was all good and not much withdrawal at all."
"I used restasis for several years and it worked.  My insurance stopped covering it which forced me to switch to xiidra which they do cover.  Xiidra doesn&#039;t work well and is very gooey.  Makes my vision blurry for up to an hour and irritates my sinuses due to the viscouness.   I think it&#039;s a placebo and a marketing scam.   Does not work well.  Insurance should stop practicing medicine."
"Relief without the overwhelming fatigue and nausea some medicines give me. Loved it! Consider it part of my miracle."
"I had anxiety so bad from work I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I didn&#039;t take it until I got home from work because it made me sleep. I was on it for 6 weeks and I noticed I had an addiction to it. I was hurrying home after work to take it (no, really doctor, I can stop it any time I want to). My doctor said to stop taking it. I was awake for 3 days but I did it. I know now that I needed to reduce it a little at a time because I had been taking a high dose for a while. It&#039;s a life saver for bad anxiety, just watch the dosage and be careful about how long you are taking it. If you keep those 2 things in mind it&#039;s the best anti-anxiety medicine."
"My doctor prescribed 10 mcg vagifem,then another doctor after hearing my complaints of leg cramp and other vague problems told me to stop using it.
But there is nothing out there which works for me,Premarin cream is not for me,combipatch I gave up long ago,so 10 mcg vagifem seems to be my only option.
all the other non hormone lubrications do not work.
So if you are taking it,watch closely for side effects,10mcg is the lowest dosage,25 mcg is not allowed by FDA in USA."
"I had a very bad migraine today, and the butalbital only took away the aura and a small amount of the pain.  I drove in pain 20 minutes to UW Health Immediate Care which was the closest clinic.  The doctor saw me and decided to give me a shot of Toradol.  I received the shot in the left hip.  It hurt for a minute or two, but my migraine was much better in 15 minutes, had no side effects, and vitals post shot were fine.  This is a great in emergancy situations."
"my mother was taking this drug at 10% with her nebulizer treatment of 3ml albuterol bronchodilator and it was working well. But now hospice has sent the 20% for her to use and it is NOT breaking up the mucus as well. They say that the drug is on backorder for the 10% and she is suffering by what seems to be by using the 20%. I was told by a pulminologist that it must be diluted with a bronchodilator  which is the albuterol but in switching to the 20% I&#039;m not sure what the mixture should be."
"I started buspirone two days ago.  I have diagnosed social anxiety and I think I have GAD as well. I felt a difference right away and a positive one.  Its like I had my hand in an electric socket and was able to let go. Like sitting still in an old car with a running motor and being able to finally switch off the engine. The constant fear, worry, stress is very much reduced. The side effects I have is nausea, dizziness and a mild headache. They start 10 minutes after you take the pill and go on for about an hour. Not sure if they are permanent or not. But for now I really feel I need buspirone to get a grip over my anxiety.  I am not any more terrified of my boss at work or feel general dread!"
"I&#039;m 26 and I switched from a combination pill to Nora be and I hated it. I was on it for 7 months and at first it was ok for the first 2 months then I started having 2 or 3 periods in one month for 7 days At a time. I have had extreme mood swings,depression, and major weight gain. I don&#039;t use scales because they are discouraging but if I had to guess I would say I&#039;ve gained 15 to 20 pounds if not more. I eat healthy and exercise at least 2 to 3 times a week. I have decided to try out a diaphragm. I&#039;m done with hormones. Ladies these hormones are no good for us. Even though they are effective for birth control its not worth emotional and physical distress. My advice try a non-hormonal method."
"I was first put on this med in 1995 to deal with my OCD which manifests itself in compulsive negative thought and inability to overcome negativity, as well as occasional wishing I would die and suicidal thoughts (never acted upon).

Due to frequent professionally-caused moves around the world, periodically Luvox was unavailable to me, so I was placed on alternatives such as Zoloft and others, all of which had heavy side effects.

The best thing for me about Luvox was my ability to cope, no sexual side effects, and also the ability to still feel, all of which other drugs (especially Zoloft) prevented, leaving me feeling like a zombie. Luvox let me be me without my OCD and generally with it, I am a happier, more positive and creative person."
"I&rsquo;m coming close to the end of my birth control. 4 months left &amp; I would get it again. Me and my mom both tried it. She was either always on her period or spotting &amp; she developed alopecia. But for me in year one I didn&rsquo;t have my period for months. Year 2 my period came every 2 week then off two mths plus weight gain. Year 3 normal period &amp; weight loss. I&rsquo;ve experienced some depression &amp; mood swing throughout

But overall I love it even with the side effects. It&rsquo;s expected to have side effects. These bc are producing fake estrogen hormones to keep us from getting pregnant"
"I just was put back onto Wellbutrin after attempting 3 other antidepressants.  It was only after being off it that I realized how good it worked for me. I was taken off of it because it caused me to have some issues with irritability and according to my family- short tempered.  I was put on Cymbalta, but I enjoy a drink or 2 a day with my wife (Cymbalta and alcohol will destroy your liver- very well documented).  Zoloft made me feel completely despondent, and I felt life was no longer worth living, not to mention made me not even remotely think of sex.  When I was put back on Wellbutrin, I felt like life WAS worth living, and I feel happier and euphoric.  Now I take Lamictal with Wellbutrin 150 mg in the morning.  Avoid the XR- causes insomnia."
"This is the 2nd time using this medicine. The 1st time it rid me of the severe depressive cycle I was in, but the mania crept back in very slowly so I didn&#039;t notice it until it was too late. And by late, I mean &quot;all over the place&quot; so I stopped taking it. This time around I am taking it coupled with Lamictal. The cycles are normalizing now after just over 2 months. Want to add that I put myself on a sleeping schedule and use medicine if I need it after 20 minutes of no sleep. This sleep program has helped tremendously."
"I&#039;ve taken dulcolax before and didn&#039;t have a bad experience so I wasn&#039;t prepared for what was to come. I was slightly constipated and had to call into work yesterday due to really painful cramps so last night I took ONE dulcolax around 10pm, had a midnight snack (easy mac) and then fell asleep. I don&#039;t even remember getting to the toilet but all of a sudden I was on the toilet and it was like a tap  turned on full and cringing in pain  from my stomach, I was so weak, dizzy, sweaty, once the diarrhea would stop I&#039;d tumble off the toilet onto the floor and lay in the fetal position crying. Thank God for my boyfriend he got me a water and a plastic bin so I could poo and vomit at the same time. It was miserable. It&#039;s 1130a now and I&#039;m still having cramps"
"Been taking this medicine for 10 months. I have a sulfide allergy. This is the only medication that we have tried that keeps my blood pressure in check and does not cause a reaction."
"Emergency Use  in Burns
      One evening my wife asked my 12yr old to fix her a cup of coffee.  The Daughter went to the kitchen and fixed a boiling cup of coffee.   Bringing it up stairs the cup broke and the boiling coffee went down her chest.  She screamed we sprayed her chest at once, there was very little blistering and within 4-5 days all was healed."
"First time I was prescribed quetiapine, when I was going through a really bad period (life problems, depression), it did not help me a thing. Was put on sleeping meds to get through the toughest time.
My doc returned me on it now much later when I started having problems to sleep a normal night, instead it was like 2-3-4 hours. Now the dose is 100-200, it ensures I can sleep 8-10 hours and return to sleep if woken up."
"I got bucked off my horse on sat and had to go to the ER I can barely move and they gave me this for pain and I haven&#039;t had one once of relief from pain all it does is make me sleepy"
"I have been taking this medicine for 2 weeks now and I feel much better.  I was extremely depressed and unmotivated.  I tried taking Lexapro and the sexual side effects were severe and the benefits were not worth the trade off so I stopped taking it.  My psychologist recommended Wellbutrin as an alternative and I am SO glad that I tried it.  I am more focused in school, exercising, and have an overall more positive attitude.  The only problem that I have experienced is that I have a very hard time falling asleep and staying asleep at night.  It is VERY annoying, but worth it to me. No sexual side effects and no weight gain."
"I&#039;ve been on it for almost 6 months now and hate it! Absolutely lowered my sex drive and sex was painful because of vaginal dryness. The first three months I&#039;d have CRAZY mood swings but levelled out, and my breast size definitely increased. It did help with cramps and period pain but it had such an impact on my sex drive I cannot stand it. Switching soon!"
"First off this medication has been a life saver for me. I have suffered from IBS-D since I was a teenager and I found a support group that has helped me through it. I was given Linzess and ya the first 2 weeks can be bad, but I continued to take it and I have felt so much better. i also was instructed to take a really good multivitiman to help make sure I had all of my nutrients needed through the day and if you can work out that is what is helping me to cope. I really hope this helps some of you out there and I will continue to pray for a cure."
"I&#039;ve been smoking for 50 years and was up to 2.5 packs a day, it was time to try to do something about trying to stop or slow down. I looked at chantix on the internet and the side effects scared me. I talked to a few people and they said it worked to help them cut down but they didn&#039;t stay on it because they had nightmares. I decided I would give a try so called doctor and received a prescription. Followed directions and it was probably one of the best things I did in my life. After one month I stopped smoking  completely and have not had one in 6 months. I staying on chantix for 3 months never had any side effects for myself. I just want to say thank you for chantix you probably gave me a longer life and I feel so much better."
"USE IT OR LOOSE IT. Was prescribed Esctrace cream for dryness &amp; painful sex. once a day for 2/weeks, then twice a week. 10 days and dramatic improvement. Here is the deal; waiting for 2 weeks before attempting sex. After 5 days I was able to do it with no problem. Not really enjoyable, but not painful at all.  Best time was first  in morning for a couple of minutes  But if morning not an option, then a couple of minutes at night. but before inserting the cream so you don&#039;t accidentally take it all out."
"I use 100mg once a day to control anxiety. It works well. People at work have noticed I am much calmer at work."
"Started on 10mg of Viibryd and have been taking it for over 6 weeks.
First week I experienced being &quot;spacey&quot;, diarrhea and no appetite.  After the first week, I started to feel better and have improved quite a bit.  Anxiety is gone but still have &quot;anger&quot; issues, although not as bad prior to Viibryd. 
Asking the doctor to up the dosage to 20mg to possible help with anger issues.
Otherwise, Viibryd is about the best anti-depressant I&#039;ve ever taken.  Much better than Wellbutrin/Zoloft/Prozac/Celexa/etc."
"My experience has been very positive: a complete elimination of sleep attacks, at least until the medication wears off (I take it at about 7 AM and usually around 2-3 PM I can tell it&#039;s worn off). When I first began the medication, I experienced fairly severe insomnia at night for a few days and suffered from headaches (generally dull, low-grade ones) for a couple of weeks. Those problems have long since ended and I have no trouble falling asleep at night.

My doctor suggested not taking the medication on weekends, when I do not have to work, which seems to have helped prevent it from losing any effectiveness. I am fortunate enough to have had no trouble getting my insurance to pay for Nuvigil. My cost is $27 for a 3 month supply by mail."
"I&#039;ve been taking lutera for a couple of years now. I recently stopped taking it this month (ran out of refills and need to see the doc again) and regret it to the fullest. I am going through really painful cramps at the moment, which I haven&#039;t had for years!!!!!! The only problem I have with this particular birth control pill is that you cannot smoke while taking it. This makes me wonder what exactly is in this one that separates from the other birth control pills that you can smoke with? Either way, because of the deadly combination of smoking and taking these pills, I&#039;ve stopped smoking. I am 24 now, 5&#039;1, 110 LBs"
"I have been struggling with postnatal depression for nine months; really, for the last 2.5 years as I had two babies 19 months apart. I was placed on Wellbutrin which helped with the physical effects but did not improve mood, I was then placed on Lexapro, then Prozac, then Zoloft and although some did improve my mood they all made me so tired I couldn&#039;t stay awake. They also made me feel disconnected and like I was observing emotions instead of feeling them. I was cold. Finally my doctor gave me Abilify to use with the Wellbutrin and it has completely changed me whole aspect. I feel like myself, for the first in years. I am awake, working hard, engaged, focused... it&#039;s my miracle! Even if it is $800 a month!"
"I started Suboxone 2 months ago.  Prior to this I had been abusing painkillers for over ten years, and have been to jail about 5 times over fake prescriptions.  Suboxone is a miracle.  I don&#039;t think about getting high anymore, period.  I take two 8mg&#039;s a day and I&#039;m happy at that dose.  The only side effects I have are a little constipation and increased sweating.
This is how I feel about taking a drug like Suboxone to treat addiction:  I believe that opioid dependence is a medical disease, and that therefore it will respond to the right medication.  I think an opioid-dependent person using Suboxone is no different than a diabetic person using insulin.  I can&#039;t imagine why I wouldn&#039;t just take Suboxone the rest of my life."
"I want to start off my review by stating that everyone is different; so what worked for me may not work for you. With that said, I was suffering from severe MDD, anxiety, OCD, border lining on psychosis after I had my son last summer. I was so miserable for his first year of life, and then I was finally put on Pristiq after trying about 10 other anti-depressants/anxiety meds. I seriously feel like a normal person again. I can enjoy my family and friends, and am able to maintain my relationships with them. This has been a literal life saver for me, and because of this, I don&#039;t mind that my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it."
"I just started Arthotec 75 mg two days ago. I can&#039;t believe that after 2 pills I was feeling no pain. My legs were working, I could walk normally, my spine wasn&#039;t hurting and my feet were pain free. This is a new life for me. I have been in constant pain for a long time and needed injections in my feet and spine to cope. I am ready to tell the world how well this is working for me."
"I really loved the NUVARING...the only side effect that I had experience was slight nausea at the beginning. Other than that it goes away and I&#039;m a HAPPY, CARE-FREE &amp; COVERED woman."
"I have tried every triptan and Relpax is the only one that works for me!  I am a chronic migraneur so I also take daily preventatives."
"I tried Chantix twice, two years ago. The first time, I stopped smoking in week 2, but began smoking again about two months after I stopped taking Chantix. The second time I stopped smoking for nearly 6 months after finishing the prescription. I felt great about that, and was very angry at myself for taking up smoking again. Hate to make excuses, but I was having a really tough time, I lost my job and became very ill (unrelated to smoking). That was two years ago. I am going to try Chantix again. Will ask my doctor for a Rx tomorrow. I did not experience any side effects."
"Estrace was prescribed for urinary urgency and has worked very well indeed."
"This is HORRIBLE!! I have had the WORST anxiety than ever before and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding for 2 weeks...(I only got this shot 3 weeks ago thinking it would be good)  Would not recommend this to anyone..."
"I have suffered for three years, at my whits end I too did my own research and after two weeks I am pain free.  The bad attacks stopped instantly and the minor ones subsided after about day 7.  I feel like I have my life back.  I was exhausted for the first week until my body adjusted...but push through people....this medicine saved my life.  I can even enjoy a glass of wine now and again!"
"I have been having a little tummy trouble the past few days and hadn&#039;t had a BM and it was starting to become unbarably uncomfortable. I took these last night about 10pm and woke up this morning around 3-4 in excruciating pain. I was sick a dog I did finally have a BM after sitting for about 20 min almost in tears from the cramps once a went the cramps subsided but only temporarily. I have been getting on and off cramps that feel like I am being repeadidly stabbed in my lower abdomen and to the point I feel like I may vomit. Will not use this product again"
"This medicine was great for sleeping. It was the best that I ever had because I have sleeping problems. Rate it as a 10."
"I&#039;ve use products with Hydroquinone for years. I am currently using a brand with 3%. I have a condition called Hyperpigmentation. When I bathe I slough off more skin than most people do. This product removes enough to give the impression that I have beautiful skin and I am often complimented on my skins softness and smoothness. I still have darkness under the arms but not unsightly. My knees, elbows are very dark and my hands are the darker especially the middle joint of each finger and my knuckles. All not unsightly because I use this cream. I am 60 have been mistaken for much younger. I avoid the sun."
"Ladies, please relax. It will work! I had unprotected sex on nov. 6th. Boyfriend pulled out but still wanted to be sure so I took the pill about 7 hours later. The next day I started feeling dizzy &amp; nauseous. Few days later, I had spotting that lasted for 3 days. It was too light for it to be a period so I assumed it was &quot;withdrawal bleeding&quot; from the pill. My anxiety was through the roof &amp; all I did was read these reviews, freaking myself out. But! I was in class today (Dec 10th) &amp; it came! It was a few days late, my period was suppose to come Dec. 1st. I never been so happy to see blood! I&#039;m 19 &amp; definitely not ready for a baby! Good luck everyone!!!"
"I was on birth control for over 10 years . I was switched to this brand because of heavy bleeding. I was put in the hospital for over a week after being diagnosed with pulmonary embolism due to the birth control. I was only on this pill about 6 months. Other pills I was on for years &amp; never had this problem. Now I am unable to take birth control for the rest of my life."
"Was prescribed acetaminophen/tramadol for migraine pain after traditional migraine medicines actually worsened my pain...it really helped..a strange sort of relief though...can still feel the actual pounding but it just doesn&#039;t hurt after I take the tramadol! I am used to it now. Usually take 1 or 1/2 a pill 2 or 3 times a week...although was prescribed to take every 4 hours as needed. Oh also, I was having a problem with frequent diarrhea and that is gone now too! I get itchy skin when I go several days without them but not so much that it really bothers me."
"Pristiq is a horrible drug. Caused me to be off work for 9 months due to the side effects, I had insomia didn&#039;t sleep for 2 weeks, gave me restless leg syndrome, felt agitated, my mood was super down. I would not recommend it to anyone."
"I got the ParaGard inserted in May 2013 without thinking to read any reviews first.  The insertion was quite uncomfortable followed by very uncomfortable days.  My periods became longer, more painful, and heavier for about 2 years, but they have finally evened back out to normal.  I am 28 now and have not had children so the biggest downside is the constant paranoia of is it still there (the strings were cut too short for me to check myself).  When I am not doubting the location of it, I love it.  I enjoy the reassurance that I likely won&#039;t become a Mommy before I&#039;m ready.  There seem to be varying experiences here, so if you choose to try it, give it time for things to return to normal unless the side effects are clearly too severe."
"Have had classic migraine (with and without aura) since I was 8 or 9 years old. 30 years of regular intense pain. They increased until I was having 8 major migraines a month with about 20 days pain each month. I have been on Botox injections (31 every 3 months in forehead, scalp and shoulders) and had only one &#039;big&#039; migraine in the 3 month cycle! Probably down to 5 days of noticeable pain a month I.e need to lie down or sleep. Has been amazing for my migraines. I guess it doesn&#039;t work for everyone, but it&#039;s worth discussing with your neurologist."
"I have tried a lot of different anti- anxiety meds and Valium is the only one that actually works for me and I don&#039;t get nasty side effects with."
"I took this for a month previously in the year to get rid of my acne and it improved my skin. I started taking it again 7 months later with permission from the doctor and I experienced horrible side effects including severe diarrhea, and sores and itching on the scalp. I read that antibiotics can cause a yeast infection and I&#039;m pretty sure that&#039;s what I have."
"Epiduo has been a miracle for me! I have tried EVERYTHING with little to no success until now. No drying, no tightness, no burning, just results. Everyone&#039;s skin is different &amp; reacts to products differently, you won&#039;t know if it will work for you unless you try it. Personally very happy"
"I have been talking Belviq for one week and I&#039;ve already lost 3lbs. The headaches lasted the days. I eat less and I walk for 30 minutes everyday."
"I had a bad reaction to the acne solution. Never had that happen after 15 years of using Clinique products. 
I put a small drop on 3 different places where I had small pimples. I woke up with a rash, dry, itchy skin, pain and irritation. I&#039;m seeking medical attention after home remedy and Benadryl didn&#039;t help it actually spread."
"Hey guys checking in again. So when I started I was 198 and now I weigh 145 !!!!
This pill is simply amazing!! I&rsquo;m closer to my goal weight which is 130!
If you&rsquo;ve been reading my previous reviews you&rsquo;ll know everything!!! I still have the blurry vision but that&rsquo;s it. And it comes and goes now. Also. I skip the pill some days, so that I can see if I can eat good without it. And I do well. Bcuz I&rsquo;m a min I won&rsquo;t qualify to take it anymore. So if you&rsquo;re having doubts. I say DONT doubt!! Take it and watch the weight FALL!!!! 
I&rsquo;ll check back in when I&rsquo;m off it guys :)"
"I have always been constipated (lucky if I go once a week) for as long as I remember for different reasons. I finally addressed it with my doctor. I was referred to a gastroenterologist who prescribed Trulance. They gave me some samples while my insurance approved the prescription. I did have a bout with diarrhea after a couple weeks but it quickly subsided. After a month being on the medicine, I&#039;m actually going 2x a day. I&#039;m still not sure how I feel about spending more time in the bathroom but I&#039;m not bloated anymore. I do experience more gas but better than feeling like you are about to give birth."
"I have been on this pill for about 10 months &amp; I LOVE it ! I originally got on it for birth control &amp; it did the job. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant after never using protection or any other contraception . I still get my normal 3 day period but a few months I had spotting or a longer period. overall, I love  it and will continue to use it until I&#039;m ready for another child."
"This medication does not work.  I have no idea why my doctor suggested it when Viagra and Cialis was great in the past.  Even got prescribed the high dose 200&#039;s and hours after taking no effect at all.  So I took another 200 and absolutely nothing at all.  Nothing at all.  This drug only left me feeling a bit dizzy and my heart rate increased.  No libido effect at all, nothing.  Viagra kicks in within an hour and peaks in 2.  This Stendra does nothing and I want my money back from my appointment and the cost of the script!!!!!"
"I got the implant at the beginning of October, 2015 on the last day of my period. Two weeks later I started bleeding again and have been bleeding since. Its February 2016.... My doctor gave me a prescription of Estrogen a week ago to counter act and try to stop/get the bleeding under control. I have to take it for 14 days. So far, the bleeding is way lighter, but I still have to wear a tampon or pad all the time. It&#039;s very frustrating. Some other side effects I&#039;ve had are sweating really bad while I&#039;m sleeping, having trouble sleeping or staying asleep, crying over stupid things I normally would not cry over. As for weight I&#039;ve gained probably 6 pounds so far. I rated it a 9 because it is effective despite the side effects."
"I&#039;m 19 years old. First birth control pill. The only side effects that I have experienced are that my boobs have gotten bigger (which is good) and I have experienced spotting. Don&#039;t really get my periods and my skin really cleared"
"Was prescribed Geodon for mania in Bipolar.  Cannot recommend this drug.  I tried to go back to work after being in the hospital for 2 weeks.  Often, I would fall asleep even while typing or working.  This made other activities dangerous and I quickly met with doctor to stop taking this.  I can see this as being a short term fix to mania, but ongoing use of this drug is dangerous.  It could make you have an accident or worse if driving."
"I have severe anxiety and, as a result, I have constant intrusive thoughts, mainly as I try to sleep. I take anywhere from 50-100 mg every night with absolutely no side effects and it provides an amazing night&#039;s sleep for me. There&#039;s been occasions where I&#039;ll skip a dose or two and jump back on it with no ill effect. 

The only thing I regret is not trying this amazing drug years ago."
"Excellent substitute to benzos for sleep. Take 25-50mg a night, very helpful. No major side effects at this low dose, just much better sleep. Takes about an hour to make me drowsy."
"I was prescribed this pill for pain after a surgery and it did absolutely nothing. After my first dose, I had a grand mal seizure and I was then diagnosed with epilepsy. This pill brought out the epilepsy in me that I never knew I had. DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL."
"Been on it for 2 weeks, already cigarettes are making me sick and I can smell a smoker a Mile away.  I highly recommend  chantix to anyone whose ready to stop."
"I have liked depo, but today I started bleeding for the first time in a while, I was told I probably would bleed after my second shot (1/2 through my 3rd).  I came here to see if this was common.  I have gained 18 lbs while on depo (I was underweight so this is good, but 18 lbs???).  They said my appetite would increase but my metabolism seems to have gone down as well.  This shot makes you gain weight besides the additional eating, trust me.  I retain weight much easier which is a con if I were to take this after being pregnant!!!   I had terrible acne as well for about a month after I initially took this as well.  Overall I like it but wouldn&#039;t recommend it to a woman that just had a baby.  Vasagel will be out soon and we&#039;ll go that route"
"Works like magic. I finally have medication that works. I get severe migraines, and Maxalt has been effective every time I take it."
"Zoloft has saved my life. I have been on Zoloft 200 mg for 7 months and the results have been amazing. I suffered from severe OCD, anxiety, and mind racing. Zoloft and Abilify 5 mg have completely eliminated my symptoms. I can now live and enjoy my life thanks to Zoloft 200 mg and Abilify 5 mg."
"I&#039;ve been on the Suboxone program for over 13 years. I am now weening once again but have had nothing but complete success on this medication.  I would recommend it for anyone addicted to heroin or methadone or any opiate for that matter.  A HUGE thumbs up! "
"I am a 56 year old mom of 5 children. Three of my sons had ADHD in varying degrees growing up. As a child, I too suffered with the same symptoms.  I just didn&#039;t know what it was. I started taking Adderall XR a month ago and it feels like someone flipped a switch and I feel for the first time, like a &quot;normal&quot; person.  I also take Prozac (80mg) and both have changed my life. No side effects. None!   I take 40mg of the Adderall XR in the morning. Best thing I have done for myself!"
"I was taking 80 mg. day of oxycodone (percocet 10 mg. + 325 acetaminophen per pill ) and finally found a pain doctor who is a psychiatrist and a neurologist as well as a pain mgmt. specialist and an addiction treatment specialist.  He asked how long the percocet worked for me.  I said 2 to 2 &frac12; hours.  He said based on the number of years I had taken it (4) and the increases of dosages over those years (beginning of 4 mg. 4 x day to 8 mg. 6 x day over 4 years) that I had become tolerant to oxycodone.  He put me on exalgo 32 mg. extended release once/day which is hydromorphone which is dilaudid and 4 mg. dilaudid/hydromorphone (the same drug but not timed release) for break through pain 4xday.  It was pretty amazing.  My pain just stopped."
"I have been on Contrave for 1 month and have not lost an ounce. I am taking it two times a day. It is not curbing my appetite at all. I am active and walk at least 4 or more miles a day and do extensive yard work in the FL heat.
Any ideas?"
"Was prescribed Macrobid by my physician for UTI.  On the third day of taking this medicine, my hands became numbed. It was so bad that when I was driving to work, my left hand slipped off the steering wheel. Talking about scared. I thought I was going to drive off the bridge. They need to do something about this medicine. Because the severe side effect that I received, this medication is dangerous. I&#039;m still suffering from weakness from both hands. And it&#039;s very scary when I have to go somewhere. I never thought that I would get this bad reaction from this medication."
"I took one dulcolax around 5:30pm with a glass of water and a sandwich and came online here preparing for the worst time of my life. Hadn&#039;t gone in 5 days and was starting to feel a bit of pressure/discomfort. About 2 hrs later, one solid (but slightly softer) BM comes and goes and now 5 hours post pill, the only effect I&#039;m dealing with is a grumbly stomach and very mild cramping, no more than a 2 out of 10 on the pain scale. I feel 50x better and this mild post-pill/post BM discomfort is definitely worth it given the huge relief. 6-12 hours to work? More like 1.5-2. My suggestion would be to drink a good amount of water with it and eat if possible, and start with just one pill! I&#039;m a 105 lb female, 20 yrs old. Don&#039;t take 2-3 at once!"
"I have taken Paxil on and off for about five years.   I started to take it after suffering from overwhelming anxiety and panic around the time that my marriage fell apart. My GP put me on this medicine instead of Xanax (which was working) because it was not addictive, etc.   And indeed, taking Paxil most decidedly reduces my anxiety and gives me a better quality of life. I stopped taking it about a year ago, and have noticed an exponential growth in stress the last few months. I&#039;ve decided to start taking it again, and was doing some online reading when I came across this site. And so I decided to put my two cents in the bucket."
"My doctor  gave me this med  1 pill a day twice a day for 5 days. No sex, no caffeine, drinks lots of water and take it with food. I feel so much better, but while I was taking it I was so tired. Thank God  I was on vacation  because I did not feel like doing anything or going anywhere.All I want to do was sleep. I am so glad those 5 days are over I feel much better."
"Had the mirena put in about two weeks ago and it sucks. I never had cramping before and now I do, I I won&#039;t stop bleeding and my stomach is so bloated even though I&#039;m eating healthy everyday. I gained 50-60 lbs during my pregnancy and I refuse to let this bc make me gain more weight .. I&#039;m going back to switch to a different one. Not worth it .."
"Find the use of these to be easy to take, and has been very helpful to me.  I have had no side effects, other than the 12 hour ends a little bit less than this! 
Have found that taking them at 12 hour intervals has not been quite right. 
I see that sometimes I have a little less than 12 hour help, and other times have gone 14 to 15 hours and been fine. Depends on digestion maybe. Urinalysis showed the rate in my body to be less sometimes and not sure why?
Do know that while I was sick with the flu, I wasn&#039;t able to keep down these, and did have side effects of withdrawals."
"This medication was a disaster for my bipolar disorder. I felt depressed and hyper at the same time. I couldn&#039;t sleep, and couldn&#039;t think clearly. I was more manic than I&#039;d ever been. Stopping the drug was like turning off the faucet of pain."
"My pits have leaked like a faucet for years. Today was the first day I didn&#039;t have ANY issues!! It&#039;s unbelievable really. If it continues like this it will be a life changer!! I hope it&#039;s safe...seems too good to be true."
"Here&#039;s my story: Me and my boyfriend had an accident with a condom breaking while having sex on September 26nd while I was on the 4th day of my period. We didn&#039;t realize until after he had finished inside me. We rushed to the store and I took the pill within 45 minutes of the accident. Though many will say it was unnecessary to take the pill due to the very low risk since I was on my period, things can happen and I didn&#039;t want to take any chances. I had to wait almost 5 GRUELING WEEKS to get my period... Ladies, my period came 2 WEEKS late... Yes 2 weeks!! I was positive that I was pregnant and on the verge of despair. I blame the fact my period came so late due to the stress the thought of pregnancy had put on me. thank you plan b!!"
"I have been on antidepressants for 5 yrs and several of them made me gain weight and I always had this feeling of shakiness.  My Dr switched me to a combo of Wellbutrin XL and Prozac 20mg.  I&#039;ve lost like 15 pounds and feel way better!!  Made such a huge difference for me in how I feel about myself.  I agree with others that have posted, I only take brand name meds.  I&#039;ve heard so many issues with how generics don&#039;t work as well.  To me, to feel better and finally be able to enjoy life, it is worth it.  My two cents..."
"I&#039;ve had a good experience with androderm patch. No side effects what so ever. It seems to work well. I would recommended it to anyone."
"I had sex and my partner finished inside of me on 6/6/17 and it was around the time of ovulation. I took aftera within about 24 hours afterwards. On 6/19/17 I started bleeding like a period and thought it was very strange that my period came about a week early. The bleeding was light and I was experiencing some cramping. On 6/25/17 I took a pregnancy test and it came back positive. This was my first experience with taking a morning after pill and getting pregnant. I have taken plan b, and next choice in the past they both worked but Aftera effectiveness varies with each individual and didn&#039;t work for me."
"I have chronic shoulder pain for over a year. I finally got it checked out and was prescribed this. It works wonders, but makes me very nauseated. I really wish I didn&#039;t get like that."
"This drug changed my life.  It turned down my emotions just enough (I&#039;m on .5mg) that I could actually function in normal society.  Thanks to it, I am now in college (when I was diagnosed at 16 I was failing half my courses) and doing phenomenally well.  I can&#039;t say this will work for everyone, but I must say it&#039;s exactly what I needed.  Thank you Janssen Pharmaceutical, you have given me a future."
"I absolutely love this birth control pill. I have a tubal ligation and I was prescribed birth control pills to help keep my cycles less painful and keep my cervix thin. I used to have very painful cycles to the point that I could not work on the 2nd day of my cycle. I was recently on the Junel birth control but I continued to spot for 5 months and that was sooooooooo aggravating. I was very hesitant about starting a new birth control because my body had to get used to another pill but my doctor told me I had to be on some type to keep my cervix thin. So I decided to follow her advice and it worked instantly. I had to continue to take my Junel and then start on Sprintec pills the following week. 
This is a lifesaver and I finally feel great."
"I promised to do a review if it worked and it did thank God!! I have 2 kids under the age of two! So everyone knows im not ready for another any time soon. My fiance and I had sex and the condom broke( be careful with ultra thin ones)! 3 hours after the incident, I took aftera and i had to play the waiting game. Which made it worse was i was ovulating that week! Idk if you should do this but I did it and it calmed my paranoia alittle. I started taking ovulation test the day i took aftera. The stick said i was ovulating!! Everyday I took a test the line got lighter and lighter by the 4th day it said I wasn&#039;t ovulating anymore so I kinda got sone reassurance that the pill had stop my ovulation and was working! I got my period today on time"
"Traditional sleep aids (Ambien etc.) did not work for me, and I have been using Seroquel for several years with great success, and no side effects. However, since Seroquel is not FDA approved for insomnia, I am having difficulty getting approval for an individual health insurance policy."
"This medicine helped me. Felt better after day 2."
"****** The product is called &quot;infant drops&quot;.  Are there really infants that drive heavy machinery or get pregnant?! I know this is boilerplate language, but it calls into question EVERYTHING on the page."
"I have tried clonazepam and had no luck. I have had BMS for over 3 years now and absolutely nothing has helped agonizing pain. Have been to both Mayo Clinic and Johns Hopkins. Mayo recommended the dissolving clonazepam but even after telling them muiltiplte times during my interview that I could not tolerate any kind of sweetner, they gave me tablet with aspertine in it!  Have also tried just regular clonazepam left in my mouth for 3 minutes and then spit but no help either. Have tried all other remedies and meds to no avail. Take 1 mg xanax 3 x day to help manage anxiety from overwhelming pain."
"My first and second dose made me very sick n nausea. I don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll feel the same on my 3rd dose. I almost gave up but I&#039;m on my 3rd dose."
"I&#039;m on day 3 of Contrave, lost 3.5 pounds so far. I&#039;m a 46 YO Female with 80+ pounds to go. Had been feeling fine until today-major nausea and dizziness. A few sips of cold water and a couple of Wint-O-Green Lifesavers later, I&#039;m feeling a bit better. Definitely helping with portion control-I get the &quot;I&#039;m full&quot; signal now. Prior, I didn&#039;t really get cravings, but if food is there, I can really put it away. Making healthier food choices, more fruits and veggies and I do not at all feel deprived. Even got in some Tae Bo DVD excercise (not that I could keep up but did my best and kept moving, was proud of myself!) I don&#039;t feel &quot;spaced out&quot; like I did on Phentermine some years back. Very happy so far, hopefully the nausea is just temporary."
"This is the best!!   I&#039;ve been using it for 4 years and it is absolutely the best solution for AK&#039;s.  I am 60 years old, fair skin, been outside for years and developed way too many AK&#039;s, not to mention basal and squamous problems too.   For years, the dermatologist only used spot nitrogen and prescribed caramac.     I can only assume she didn&#039;t prescribe efudex because she needed the steady income stream from me and my insurance.     By chance I was having a physical from my family doctor.   He asked me when I was going to address my AK;s on forehead.   I told him I did, and he told me he could write me a prescription for medicine that solves it, efudex.  He did and I amazed at the ending results.  Yes, the efudex was painful, looked bad when it was working but results speak for them self"
"When I read reviews of Trinessa after I got prescribed to it, I almost decide not even to try it. However, I have had such a positive experience with it. I went on birth control for bad cramps and acne with birth control being a secondary need. My periods are so much lighter and cramps are almost non existent. Though I never had acne as a teenager, I&#039;ve been struggling with breakouts lately.  My skin is looking so much better! I&#039;m 21 and this is my first birth control. I recommend at least trying it. Everyone&#039;s body is different so just try it out and decide for yourself."
"I was diagnosed with a brain tumor and this was the only thing that worked for me on a daily base. Not even the medications that the doctor prescribed to me helped one bit! "
"I tried multiple SSRIs for my clinical diagnosis of Major Depression over several years. Most of the popular SSRIs resulted in Erectile Dysfunction, which was maddening.

Once I ramped up on the maximum 600MG dosage of Nefazodone over several months...I started feeling much better in terms of mood.

The additional prescription of Lithium Carbonate augmented the Nefazodone after only three days of taking it: For me, it was an amazing combination."
"I have been taking Zyprexa for about 5 years. Started at 5 mg and am now at 2.5 or 1.25, depending on the day. This is for bipolar. I&#039;ve tried to go off it (because I felt dulled and had a preoccupation with food) a few different times and had severe depression/anxiety symptoms recur. I also take Prozac (20mg) and Lamictal (100 mg). I don&#039;t think the Lamictal does anything but the Zyprexa seems to be the &quot;glue&quot; that keeps me together. Weight gain was an issue but have recently lost 20 lbs through diet and exercise (and reducing dose). I would rather not have to take it but it so greatly improves my quality of life that I feel I should stay on it."
"This Pill saved my life,business,relationship. I a 24 years old and about 3 months ago I was diganosed with Bii Polar I stated at 25mg a day it got raised to 50 and now 200mg. I take clonazepam for my anxiety. I see things so clearly and with a positive outlook. My doctor saved me."
"I have been using Advair for about 4 or 5 months. It has made a big difference in my life. I am not wheezing anymore or tight chested. My voice gets hoarse sometimes, not as bad as when I was on other medications."
"I started using Veltin about a month ago for acne on my body and all I can say is THANK THE LORD! After years of trying benzoyl peroxide products and other ineffective topical treatments, I finally found the right medication! Pros- reduces blemish size, lightens scaring and pigmentation a lot, pretty fast acting for me it only took a month for incredible results and still getting even better because I&#039;m still not totally clear yet but I&#039;d give it 2 more weeks to be all clear. Cons- causes itchiness, peeling and redness but subsides after a few weeks. My tip is don&#039;t be lazy or impacient when it comes this product because the whole purpose is to bring up the new skin that is healthy and shed the damaged skin and acne."
"Tolerance builds slower than Adderall and other instant release stimulants, but still builds fast.  Lasts a good 12-14 hours as well, just make sure you don&#039;t take more than you should because when your tolerance builds you&#039;re pretty much done with."
"I am on my 3rd day of Stribild and so far no side effects at all. If anything, I feel a bit better than I had been feeling before the medication. So I am relieved another step is over with for me. I just wanted people to know who may be worried initially."
"I am a 61 year old female and have tried everything out there for headaches since my late 20&#039;s. This is a wonder medication for me. I started using it in my 30&#039;s and is the only thing I can use and still function without being down in bed in pain."
"Since aged 12 I had cramps that would literally make me throw up, bleeding that was so heavy it took 10-12 super tampons a day, and prolonged periods of up to a month. This medication was a lifesaver. My period is now light, few cramps and very short. It helps with my problems. But of course there are some things I don&#039;t particularly like. My sex drive is absolutely zero (my boyfriend doesn&#039;t appreciate that) and I&#039;m more emotional than ever. Random crying outbreaks happen, and the feeling of raging. 
"
"I suffer almost year around. I tried many over the counter relief. Some worked for short time then no effect on my allergies. Some worked but had other drugs in them I didn&#039;t need. For my allergies. I would use nose spray Afrin for bad times. Ever it stopped giving me any long time relief, if any. Try flushing with saline pots with minimal relief. I tried flownasa and it did work for everything bad taste, bad smell after using would get headache from sinuses being too dry the side effects it would feel light-headed dizzy and still couldn&#039;t breathe through my nose. Nasacort works for me. Use at bed time and allergies free all day. I found nothing else. That works."
"I&#039;m a very active 63 yr old with a 4x bypass. After a year of not recommending any cholesterol treatment I finally brought it up myself with my doctor, when she recommended Repatha because of my statin intolerance. After my first injection I started to experience muscle pain in my lats and pecs. It felt like a severe muscle cramp that spread to my arms, although my muscles were not constricting as they would with a muscle cramp. I conferred with my doctor and she said I should not be feeling any side effects because it takes 3 months to reach a therapeutic level so I took the shot the second month and I&#039;m sorry that I did and will not be taking it again because the pain has spread to other areas."
"I have been taking this medicine off and on for about 2 years. When I first started I hated it because it made me feel anxious and depressed and emotional. I was on 10mg a few times a day. It took the sickness away but I couldn&#039;t handle the side effects so I stopped and the sickness came back. Finally the Dr. cut it down to 5mg and I felt so much better with that. The side effects were gone and sickness was controlled too. I&#039;m doing very well with this medicine but the long term use still has me nervous because I don&#039;t want to develop tremors later. So far so good and I feel pretty good."
"I&#039;ve been on Lipitor (Atorvastin) 40mg for about 6 years and complained about leg cramps for 5 of those years.   All I kept hearing was the &quot;low on potassium&quot;  with never a solution.   The cramps have been unrelenting and at times, all day long.   Legs, feet, toes, fingers.   Talking to a friend about this the other day, she said she had to stop taking Lipitor due to leg cramps.   Well, knock me down.   I never associated this cramping with my cholesterol medication.   I stopped taking it a week ago and haven&#039;t had one single cramp!    Now I have to find another cholesterol medication but it sounds like all of them can have this side effect."
"I developed serotonin sickness syndrome on this medicine.  It&#039;s a rare occurrence, but if you&#039;re in that &quot;rare&quot; subset it&#039;s bad."
"Started taking gabapentin about 18 months ago for depression and anxiety. Almost immediately my symptoms were alleviated. No side effects, and it still works. I take 3600 mg/day, split either in two or three doses. For an acute attack of anxiety I will take an additional 600 or 1200 mg as needed, and that will almost always do the trick. I agree with those that call this a &quot;miracle&quot;."
"I had Hep C for over 35 years.  I took Harvoni for 12 weeks.  12 weeks after completing Harvoni I had a blood test and I was Hep C free. I am cured. I was genyo type 1a. ?This is our miracle drug.  I had 3 prior treatments that made me feel terrible. A total of almost 3 yrs on treatment. Nothing worked.  Harvoni is your cure."
"I&#039;m just about to finish my first month of Orsythia and I love it! Everyone will have a different experience but mine is great! I have no bad side effects. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s the birth control but ever since I&#039;ve started taking it, my acne has been under control, I&#039;ve lost weight, and my breasts seem a little bigger! I don&#039;t have any cramps or feel any more tired than usual. Definitely happy with this birth control!"
"This stuff is absolutely amazing.  I&#039;ve been on enbrel, stelara, humira, methotrexate, topicals, and none of them have ever done this well.  Within 3 days of the first injections I started to see clearing.  I thought, no way!  But it has only continued to get better.  I&#039;m about to inject my week 5 dose and most of my areas are scale free.    My self esteem has gone way up.  My wife isn&#039;t complaining about flakes in the bed.  No bloody spots on the sheets from picking.  I can wear dark colored shirts, short sleeves, no sleeves again; and not be concerned about people staring.
Yes, the injection stings.  Yes sometimes the injection leaves a swelling under the skin.  But for me, it is completely worth it."
"I have degenerative discs. I was given injections of Decadron near the area. Within a week I almost went crazy!! Felt like I was running for my life all the time. The doctors have no clue what this does to your brain, nor how to reverse its affects.

Do not take this."
"Within a few hours of taking have never felt so bad in my life. Headache,sickness and diarrhoea. In bed for 2 days. Now on my 5th day mild headache no chest pain and all round feel better than I have for a long time"
"Has helped with all of my symptoms and other problems, which I wasn&#039;t sure whether it was the disease or side effects of the agonists (Requip and Mirapex) I had taken before."
"I wish I&#039;d of known of Librium sooner. Lost my business to a natural disaster and then lived on coors lights for a year. Started as fun, ended months later with arguments and blackouts...then the morning shakes and dry heaves. Drove to the urgent care last week and skipped the line, told the clerk I needed immediate help, couldn&#039;t hold my water bottle. In a bed within 10 mins. Blood pressure through the roof. Gave me a fluid and vitamin drip along with Ativan for the anxiety and a Librium for the shakes. 15 mins later, didn&#039;t feel at deaths door. Two hours later, headed home with my sister at the helm (couldn&#039;t drive, too doped up). Been a week, back to running, surfing and getting my life back together. If you&#039;re sick of withdrawals, get it"
"Just horrible. Sweating, panic attacks, diarrhea, limb jerkiness, tooth grinding, worse insomnia, feelings of unreality and incidentally I have taken this for several months and the side effects are still there, just milder. No idea why this was even approved in the first place since it&#039;s just a &quot;patent extender&quot; for the almost identical drug effexor (venlafaxine)."
"I just used miconazole and it&#039;s really helping with the itching and burning it  was burning for about 2 mins then stopped it&#039;s helping already and it&#039;s only my first dose"
"Zyrtec has been a wonder drug. all of my life i have sufferd from allergies. its effected every aspect of my life from relationships to pets and school. ANy one with allergies knows when you wake up in the morning and as soon as you walk out the door you start feeling like you have the flu. Ive been using Zyrtec for 6 months now and i feel wonderful!!! i can play in the yard with my kids and stay outside as long as i&#039;d like to"
"Of all the different ADHD meds out there the dextroamphetamine works best for me. I don&#039;t get shaky or jittery while on it. I take it very early in the morning because it takes at least two hours for it to begin to work, I can&#039;t get out of bed until the dextroamphetamine begins to wake my brain up.  In fact I sleep very deeply while on this medicine and wake up feeling very rested and alert. I don&#039;t know what I would do if I didn&#039;t take this to wake up, without it I sleep 18 to 20 hours a night and still feel groggy and in a haze when I do finally get out of bed."
"Great for knee pain."
"I was addicted to opiates for about a year, my boyfriend for 2 years or so. We did pretty much any sort of opiate under the sun we could get our hands on. We thrived on them. Our friend had the same PROBLEM we did and was expecting a son that coming year. He got his life straight and got put on Suboxone. Couple of weeks down the road we saw how GREAT he was doing and how he hadn&#039;t touched anything for those couple of weeks already. We were shocked, we decided that it was time to get our lives on track again. We went to the same doctor as our friend and now we have been absolutely clean for the past 2 1/2 months to the day. If you are addicted and want help, don&#039;t hesitate to get into the nearest doctor - trust me!"
"Found this gel great. I was prescribed a cream to try first and it made my skin all dry and red so had I stop using it. Doc prescribed this gel next and my skin cleared up within about two weeks and had been fantastic ever since. No random blow out and under the skin lump spots. Had no side effects and the tube actually goes quite far."
"I started having seizures when I was 16 (I&#039;m now 23), with no past family history. The cause of them are still unknown, and without medication I have one every 4-5 months while sleeping. My first anti-epileptic medication was Lamictal from which I suffered a severe rash. I started Keppra (500mg 2x daily) and haven&#039;t had a seizure since taking it (knock on wood). After two years of treatment, I came off from Keppra and had a seizure after 5 months without the medication. I&#039;m back on it, and have been seizure-free for almost two years now. I do have side effects from Keppra though. I&#039;m tired a lot, have mood swings, experience bouts of insomnia, headaches, and dizziness. Overall the medicine works well, but obviously would like to be off it."
"I have debilitating pains from my costochrondritis for years. I have tried naproxen, Mobic, and Voltaren gel with no relief. My rheumatologist then suggested Celebrex. This has been a lifesaver. Celebrex has made my chest pains go from a 9-10 to about a 0-1. I would recommend this medicine to anyone dealing with costochrondirits. Even the price is not bad. I pay 60 dollars for a 90 day supply."
"I&#039;m going to jump right into the fact that this medication is just not helpful, it takes away my personality, and has brought a lot of suicidal thoughts to mind. I am on 60 my capsule and the way it makes me feel is very empty. I don&#039;t feel like I have control of my thoughts and happiness"
"I had a 5 hour flight trip, I got Dramamine and it made me so relaxed, I fell asleep. When I woke up we were about to land. It helped me with anxiety too."
"I was prescribed this for tonsilitis and a nasal carbuncle/furuncle. Prescribed twice a day for 10 days. It got rid of the fever and sore throat after a day. The puss pockets on my tonsils are still there, but smaller, and I am on day 8 out of 10. I could not take this pill on an empty or even semi full stomach, or I would throw up. Even a banana an hour or so before dosing would not be enough to stop the severe nausea. Besides that no real side effects, except loss of appetite. Not pleasant to take because of the size of the pill and nausea, but worked."
"After taking this drug for 5 days I had excruciating pain in my arms elbows hands fingers and knees. I have spent most of my nights awake waiting for these pain episodes to cease and sleep 1 more hour. I had one return visit to my doctor and one trip to urgent care because my hand a fingers were blue. Today is my 7th day off of that poison and I am beginning to be be almost pain free   Do not take it"
"I was trying to fall asleep for 20 minutes then I said ohh crap I forgot to take it off. So now I will be awake for 3 more hours. It is very bad if you are a busy person like me. Uggg so tired but can&#039;t sleep."
"Oh my goddddddd my vag is so itchy!! :(:( this is absolutely terrible and NOT worth the $20 bucks, even if it does work. Save your money, go to the gyno, and get oral meds. This is coming from someone who used to have chronic YI&#039;s for 4 years straight! My YI&#039;s stopped when I started taking probiotics daily, eating less (much less) sugar, and drinking a lot of water with ACV (apple cider vinegar). I always went to the gyno and I&#039;m so mad at myself for trying to save like $30-$40 bucks. I don&#039;t even understand how this is legal??? Like there are treatments that are oral that work and Boric Acid but they ALL need prescriptions. So annoying!! Ughhhh I hope my sleep aid kicks in soon :(. Never buying this again."
"I was freaking out about how Suprep would taste. I have my procedure tomorrow, so I&#039;m going to comment on here as time progresses.
I put both bottles of Suprep mix in the fridge last night. Pharmacist suggested I mix it with ginger ale or 7 up. So I decided to mix it with 7 Up. Honestly, it was not that bad..Everyone makes it out to be the most vile thing they&#039;ve tasted ever. Was it delicious? No,It was just really sweet, syrupy with a little bit of a bitter after taste.I chugged it. Couldn&#039;t do it with a straw, was taking too long. I drank one 16-oz water right after... Felt nauseous and full but not from the Suprep, but from the volume of liquid. So far so good... Will check back in a few hours..."
"My son, now 10, was diagnosed with impulse control issues. He has always had As and Bs in school and always loves to read. He gets bored alot in class and his impulse control (blurting out, saying what&#039;s on his mind/no filter) had caused him to be put in alternative school (where his grades began to falter). Over the summer, we had him evaluated and they said that meds would help. Our general physician didn&#039;t want to put him on a stimulant and suggested Straterra. First 2 months @ 60mg. Lost 15lbs (which put him at the right weight actually) and slept all the time. Backed off to 40mg since then and he&#039;s maintained his weight, sleeps well and maintained grades. Too bad our monthly script cost increased x9. Looking for a cheaper alternative."
"I am back on this birth control after not being on anything for a few years but my periods were becoming such a nuisance with my busy schedule (9 days of heavy bleeding and clots). Due to my migraines with aura I can&#039;t take anything with estrogen in it. I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;m an anomaly or why there are such terrible reviews as I no longer have periods at all. It completely stopped my cycle but I have to make sure to take it at exactly the same time each day. I still feel like myself - without the mood swings or crying. I am slightly more fatigued at night and fall asleep earlier which might be a good thing. My vaginal discharge is thicker. I&#039;ve actually noticed my acne improving and haven&#039;t noticed any weight changes."
"I was originally nervous about taking this medication, but I reluctantly began taking 25 mg in the evening. After 3 weeks I definitely noticed a great improvement in my mood, but my sleep or lack of it, was miserable. After the 4th week on sertraline and .5 mg of clonazepam at night, I honestly feel back to normal with normal sleep patterns and appetite. I am at week 6 on both meds and life is great! Trust your doctor, take the meds. Get back to enjoying life!"
"I got the Merina inserted for Heath issues as I have heavy clot ( bleeding )&nbsp;
I had the Merina inserted under sedation for $490 and on day 24 it had dislodged ( I did not have months prior and post insert ).i called the clinic and told them that it dislodged and that I was feeling unwell with a fever,nausea and cramping they told me that they needed to see me within 24 to 48hrs but the were booked out and advised me to see my GP for antibiotics and painkiller while waiting to see them .6 days after it dislodged they saw me,gave me an ultrasound and said &#039;sorry this has happen ,and couldn&#039;t understand why it has&#039;.The doctor that Had performed the insert was very nice and compassionate and sent me to see the receptionist regarding the re-insert and pricing if any.&nbsp;
I saw the receptionist &nbsp;I asked them if they can do another one and was told yes but I&#039;ll have to pay $490. I said that it was no fault of mine and that they need to do it for free or under Medicare .
Heartlessly they showed me my signature that I had signed the disclaimer that this can happen and that they won&#039;t replace it free of charge or under Medicare . No compassion, very cold when presenting me with the documents that I signed.&nbsp;
I was so upset and devastated that I burst out crying and left the clinic cos I can&#039;t afford to pay for another one . Never again will I deal with them ."
"I had the nexaplanon implanted 3 years ago and  getting another, and I&#039;ve seen bad reviews on this. However my experience was great with it, I didn&#039;t get any heavy bleeding or periods almost immediately after insertion, some spotting not heavy and lasted for about 2 days, I didn&#039;t gain weight I lost about 30lbs with it, and my face is tremendously clear it didn&#039;t give me acne. My mood swings are maybe bad at times but nothing major, I don&#039;t have to worry about getting pregnant the chance are low. It&#039;s in my arm and it&#039;s sort of cool to show proof of birth control in your arm to your partner or whomever. It&#039;s painless when inserted however I did bruise for 3 days but it wasn&#039;t too bad "
"I had Mirena placed in February 2012 at my 7 week check up following the birth of my daughter. I did have some side effects (fatigue, dizziness, cramps, spotting) the first 2 days after having Mirena inserted but by day 3 I felt 100% better. 7 months later and I love it! I have not had a single period since insertion. During the week that my period is normally due I feel slightly bloated and more hungry then usual but it sure beats 10 - 12 days of heavy bleeding, severe cramps, nausea and vomiting. I&#039;m leaving Mirena in place until I am ready to become pregnant again, possibly in another year or so. After baby #2 is born I will definitely have Mirena inserted again!"
"Works on cramps and spasms 100 percent"
"I have been on this medicine for over 10yrs they had to switch me to this medicine because the other medicine I was on wasn&#039;t working anyway more. I was on atenolol for awhile for rapid heart rate and then I had chest pains so they switched me to Inderal because I had mitro-valve, so far it is working."
"Do not try this, I had read the reviews b4 I started this and felt real uneasy about taking it, but one review said it worked for the cramps, so I decided to take it and see what happens, by day 4 my hormones were so out of wack, I went from happy and loving my life to suicidal. I was crying about everything and I just wanted to die. I never knew something as simple as birth control could screw me up so bad in a matter of days. I also had started cramps like I has started, and I just got off my cycle, threw away my pills the next day and am doing much better the same day I came off of it."
"Started this medication over a year ago, and it has helped keep my heartbeat regular.  I had an episode where my heart rate was over 200bpm, and had to go to the ER in an ambulance from my doctor&#039;s office.  It has not repeated, thank goodness, and I had no side effects from this medication, which I take with Zestril (which I&#039;d been taking for many years before)."
"I got my first depo provera shot in May of 2015. I bled for two months straight, but I was warned that this would happen. It was annoying in the summer but it wasn&#039;t super heavy and it all stopped one day. Now, I&#039;ve gotten the shot 3 more times (I think) since then and I haven&#039;t bled a drop! I don&#039;t know why everyone says they&#039;ve bled so much. Also, I&#039;m very happy and I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds since before my first shot. This birth control is the best! I&#039;m only in my first year of it, so I hope I&#039;m not speaking too soon, but it has been a blessing. I would also just like to note, however, that I received my first shot while I was on the 1st day of my period. I think this is important, because the doc said so. Good luck!"
"I first decided on Mirena because I was terrible with take my pills on time. I was in nursing school and with my schedule all over the place I was non-compliant. I finally decided on Mirena even though I had read some horrifying reviews. On the day of insertion I had mild pain, similar to PMS. I took 800mg of ibuprofen and felt just fine. I had light spotting for 2-3 days after. Just enough for a liner, not a pad. It has been 2 years now and I absolutely love it. My boyfriend has never complained of feeling the strings. I have had some &quot;pressure&quot; during intercorse but nothing unbearable. I definitely recommend this, just remember, there is no protection against STI&#039;s, so get tested! Hope this help!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Nexium for about 18 years now. I suffered bad heartburn/reflux etc,, that was partly to do with &#039;trigger&#039; foods I ate. Over the years I learned to avoid those foods, &amp; I started on Nexium. This medicine reduced my severe heartburn/reflux from maybe each second night when I wasn&#039;t taking it, to only about 2 times a month when I was taking it, so overall, over 18 years, Nexium made a huge difference to my life. From having to sit upright till 4am in bed till the pain went away &amp; I could finally lie down (without Nexium) to getting a good sleep most nights (with Nexium).
I do thoroughly recommend Nexium to anyone who can take it. Tip - AVOID Trigger foods! some are - chocolate, cream, oily foods, chickpeas, horseradish, mustard."
"This pill works!  I do advise that you eat breakfast wait 30 mins and drink water throughout the day. If you don&#039;t get hungry eat something wholesome. My experience with headache, and mood swings was due to me not feeling hungry, yet my body still needed fuel. Listen to your body! I&#039;m at a weight that I&#039;m happy with. I do exercise its my therapy. One seventy three from 205! Also it helps with my blood pressure. Eating is so much easier. I can think about what I need to prepare versus just grabbing the first snack, not so good choice that would satisfy me. Know your body, breath don&#039;t over think, be happy. This is coming from me!It helped along with small positive changes. Peace!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Claravis for one month. I noticed a smoother complexion within a few days! I had moderate acne starting around 13 years old, I&#039;m 25 now. I consider myself an attractive girl but not without make up. This is the first time in 12 years I have looked in the mirror and thought I looked pretty without make up. It&#039;s a great feeling! I can see my pores getting smaller and my blackhead disappearing more and more everyday. I&#039;m only experiencing 2 side effects, dry lips and a little nauseous anxiety. I have a doctors appointment today to discuss my side effects. I hope they are normal and don&#039;t get worse. I love Claravis."
"No anti-psychotic medicine is perfect. But Seroquel is quite okay. Gives you a good night of sleep. You can feel dizzy. But the best is no extra pyramidal symptoms.  I tried 4 or 5 other antipsychotics but this as good as it gets considering side effects."
"I was unknowingly switched from Minastrin to Mibelas and was told that these are equivalent. I was on Minastrin for over 4 years with no problems, but Mibelas has been horrible. My periods have been extremely heavy and last a lot longer than on Minastrin. I have no energy and feel horrible."
"When I was put on Lisdexamfetamine within a month of first taking it everything has improved. Things I would not normally do. I did my daily tasks, showing interest in things,  my impulsiveness movement has slowed down,  my thoughts slowed down and I can sit down and talk to people and hold a conversation with people.  A big thing that this medication has is the fat ingredient so I am now 11 stone as I was previously 9 stone so a big improvement. Within a month in everything as a person so this medication is a big thing in my life and feel the doctor has made the correct choice. I would recommend it to anyone who ADHD like me and if they are on it you will see improvement like i have big time!."
"I&#039;ve been suffering for two weeks before I got perscribed Bentyl. Bentyl has helped greatly and helped with the urgency I was feeling. I don&#039;t like the drowsy feeling it leaves but I suppose I&#039;d rather have the tiredness than the constant problem of &quot;going&quot;. Bentyl has been a good medicine for me. I recommend it to others who suffer from irritable bowel syndrome or other problems!"
"I was very skeptical after going two hours without having to go to the bathroom after drinking an entire bottle of the lemon lime tasting one....
It was late at night so I decided to just go to bed and hope that I would go in the early am when I woke up....
(Previous to this, days before, I took so many other things that DIDN&#039;T work... I was starting to get nervous that it was a more serious issue).....
Well..... I&#039;m here to say that after not having a BM for over a week, I can definitely, DEFINITELY say this stuff works! 
It finally &quot;kicked in&quot; around 5 am.... which was 9 hours later... not painful... But be prepared to be in the bathroom awhile... So far, it&#039;s been on and off for about 45 minutes. I&#039;m just happy it&#039;s working!!!"
"Love it, no issues. Got it after I had my second baby and started getting my period monthly again after I stopped breast feeding.  Started to lose weight now with no issues and is working great."
"I just finished my first pack two days ago and I will not be taking it again. In the beginning I was fine. There were no symptoms and I was feeling good. Now that it&#039;s been a month I can tell you I&#039;m in a place I don&#039;t recognize. Every little thing my boyfriend does I get upset over, I&#039;m constantly crying and paranoid, never want to get out of bed and I&#039;m depressed. This is miserable, and I&#039;m hoping that within the next few days I&#039;ll feel normal again after being off of this."
"Caused severe chest pain, jaw pain, difficulty swallowing still after one year, eye pain, severe constipation, rash under my arms and anal area that persist
to this day. The chest pains sent me to the Emergency."
"I have been on so many muscle relaxers and pain control medications while waiting for hip replacements that it was unbelievable. About four years ago my Doctors (Air Force Type) put me on a steady regimen of tramadol 50mg tabs up to 300mg per day dependent on pain and I have been able to completely manage my pain and even walk in short bursts (Sometimes with a cane but that&#039;s still walking in my condition) it is an amazing revelation."
"I am now on month 8 of taking 10mg of Celexa. I am now feeling the full benefits of it. My anxiety, moodiness, anger, irritability, depression, rage, and even my cravings have subsided. Celexa has worked wonders for me. Sometimes, I&#039;m in a dark place, but not as much as I used to. I also no longer hurt myself or have thoughts of hurting myself. Finally, I feel like I want to &quot;live&quot; again. I am not going on any other medication but Celexa."
"I&#039;m on day three of prevpac and was prescribed four pills equally for h pylori and costing $841.00.I haven&#039;t had any major side effects besides swollen eye lids that went away in the morning . I was scared to take it after reading alot of reviews, but it&#039;s worth the shot if it&#039;ll cure my stomach pains that I&#039;ve had for 11 years!"
"I had this put in about 6 months ago after I had a miscarriage due to the type of blood I have. Anyways, I have had it for a while now and didn&#039;t have any problems with it until now. I have been having my uterus contract as if I were having another miscarriage for the past month and a half now. I have to take 5 ibuprofen every morning to even wake up feeling okay, and now I am pretty sure that I have a ectopic pregnancy and if so then that means I am going to lose another baby. I HIGHLY don&#039;t recommend it."
"it was awful i used it for one day because of the pain i am in i was horribly sick i was throwing up almost passed out it was the worst thing i will never take it again"
"I have been using spiriva for about 2 months.  I find my breathing has greatly improved.  I&#039;m not using my albuterol several times a day anymore, maybe a couple of times a week.  The only thing I have noticed is that I am getting severe muscle cramps in the front of my lower legs.  This happens mostly at night when I go to bed.  Has anyone else noticed this problem?"
"After 15 years of being diagnosed with high cholesterol, Crestor did the following for me in three months - dosage 20mg:
Before: Total Cholesteral 379, HDL 64, LDL 286
After using Crestor: Total cholesterol 226, HDL 74, LDL 107.
My doctor had never seen such positive results in his practice - ever!"
"I&#039;m going on my second month of Microgestin. I was on Seasonique before pregnancy which I had no problem with but I have a new doctor now. The first couple weeks I had light spotting and nausea but it has decreased. I had my period right before the placebo week. I have gained about 4Ibs so far and my breast have went up a cup size but that is a plus for me. I have also experienced a huge increase in sex drive which is unusual. I have no complaints so far, I just hope my periods are predictable."
"I have taken Paxil on and off for about five years.   I started to take it after suffering from overwhelming anxiety and panic around the time that my marriage fell apart. My GP put me on this medicine instead of Xanax (which was working) because it was not addictive, etc.   And indeed, taking Paxil most decidedly reduces my anxiety and gives me a better quality of life. I stopped taking it about a year ago, and have noticed an exponential growth in stress the last few months. I&#039;ve decided to start taking it again, and was doing some online reading when I came across this site. And so I decided to put my two cents in the bucket."
"I was diagnosed with bipolar II about 5 yrs ago and I&#039;ve tried everything on the market nothing worked for me except Seroquel. Right now I take 300 mg twice per day and I&#039;m so stable. I&#039;m loving it problem though with Seroquel is that its a major weight gainer. I would stop taking it on and off when I felt better but then would use other meds to bandage my symptoms...get back on then off again...until one day I decided to stop with the denial and allow someone to help me for real. I&#039;ve been on it now faithfully for 9 months...but I&#039;ve put on 60lbs! It makes me eat after hours in the middle of the night. I&#039;m depressed because of the weight gain. So I workout at home at times trying to be more consistent. You have to work this medicine."
"Been on Effexor since July 2014. I take the lower dosage 2x a day as the higher one all at once made me feel sick. I have severe anxiety to the point where i didn&#039;t want to leave the house.   I am also on Ativan for moments i know when i panic...way better than Xanax.  I was on Paxil, Wellbutron...neither worked, made me feel like a zombie.  The only drawback with the Effexor is that I am exhausted!!"
"Hi this is my 4 month check in! I started this medication at 198lbs and 5ft 5in. As of today I have lost 30lbs!! The first month was kinda hard for me because this medication made me feel really foggy headed and tired, but that all went away in my second month.I know feel normal which is great to me. The first 3 months I did not excersise at all just worked on my diet but I found my monthly weight loss came to a stop. So I recently started to walk 5 miles a day and that has helped me to loose 6lbs in 2 weeks. This medication dose work but you have to put forth the effort. I have been really focusing on portion control and with that the first 20lbs just melted off!!"
"This is the only treatment that has cured my migraines and I&#039;ve tried everything from oral medications to trigger point injections,cervical injections and anything else in between  to relieve constant life changing migraines.The headaches dimished by the next day and until the Botox wears off ,about 12 weeks or so I don&#039;t have any,which is a miracle.I only wish I was given this sooner.

It also only cost 80.00 out of pocket every three months.

Another nice bonus or perk is any wrinkles you may have on your forehead ,in between your eyes, etc. are gone as well.

This isn&#039;t a permanent medication either,with minimal side effects,better than most of the pills out there.If it doesn&#039;t work it can just be stopped and not injected again."
"I smoked for 23 years, I was very addicted. I even smoked during both my pregnancies but I couldn&#039;t even quit then. Finally, after 3 weeks on Chantix, I quit. It has been almost a year and a half. I didn&#039;t have any side effects. "
"Before starting Latuda, I was weepy and sad nearly all the time.  I rarely slept well and just felt sad and sleepy all the time.  Latuda changed my life.  I am not sad and weepy anymore and I sleep great every night.   This medicine is just what I had prayed for.  I feel so normal now."
"Synthroid was horrible.  I had severe fatigue, hair loss, dry skin, constipation, weight gain, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol while taking it."
"I&#039;ve tried lunesta, ambien, and trazodone for insomnia. None of these worked very well for me. Thank god I found Belsoma. I received a trial pack and experimented with different doses. The 5 mg and 10 mg seemed worthless and had no noticeable effect. I decided to go with the 20 mg and wow, what a difference! 

It usually takes me over 1 hour to fall asleep, but with the 20 mg belsoma, I&#039;ve been consistently falling asleep within 20 minutes!!

I understand this medicine has not performed well for a majority of other people, however, my body chemistry has responded very positively to it.

So my opinion is if other insomnia medications have not worked for you, give this one a try and make sure you go with the 20 mg."
"For years I suffered with gum bleed and bad breath... But after using Peridex all the problems have gone away and it helped me with self esteem because I don&#039;t have stinky breath anymore."
"Absolutely amazing! I was on bc pills for years but discontinued due to chronic UTI&#039;s associated with the estrogen in the pills. I&#039;ve had Skyla in for over 2 months now and have almost no symptoms. No UTI&#039;s (YAY!). Insertion was a bit &quot;crampy&quot; but I get horrible cramps anyways, however, measuring the cervix was awful! It was a painful pinch but only lasted a few seconds and it was over with. I had no spotting the first week (except after initial insertion). Spotting (Very, very light) contiunously for weeks 2-3 then nothing. My periods are almost non existent but I&#039;ll get a few painful cramps as a reminder. My boyfriend cannot feel it during sex and it has not moved. I am very, very, very happy with my Skyla! 21 yrs old, no kids."
"I had very severe form of irritable bowel syndrome. This medicine has given me my life back where so many other medications have failed. I would recommend it to anybody suffering irritable bowel syndrome, please try it and do not suffer."
"I feel like some of you people commenting on how inept the doctors are at prescribing medication for you fail to realize how medications affect people differently. You had a bad experience? That is in no way, shape or form the doctors fault. At all. Your body chemistry is just different than they expected. These psychiatric issues are not an exact science. Medicine is not an exact science. 
That aside, I&#039;ve only been on Cymbalta for about a month but I have already noticed a vast improvement. I feel less anxious overall and haven&#039;t experienced a panic attack since I started on it. Again this isn&#039;t an exact science and sometimes it takes experimentation to get the right combination. Hopefully I&#039;ve found a proper solution to my issues."
"I&#039;ve been taking Reclipsen for a little more than a year and it has been great! My periods last about the same as when I wasn&#039;t taking it (a bit heavier). The first few months I started taking it I lost about 10 pounds and now I am back to my normal weight. I would recommend it to anyone."
"Humira is a miracle.  Prior to being on Humira I had tried two previous solutions NSAIDs and a non-starch diet with lots of exercise.  NSAIDs had absolutely no effect.  The non-starch diet with some exercise did help bring the pain to what I would call manageable but flares would still happen and with them would come several day cycle of poor sleep, less exercise, and so on.

My rheumatologist explained that some new research suggest Humira may actually help to stop the progression of the disease so I gave it a shot (pun, hah!).

It took about 3 weeks to start kicking in and by week 5 my symptoms were totally gone.  No back pain.  No shoulder pain.  No waking up in the middle of the night."
"I love this medicine"
"If I take 1 to 2 pills a  day (4mg) the pain in my knees go almost completely away.  Before taking the pills I can hardly sleep, or bend my knees.  While taking the med. I can walk, sit, and sleep without pain.  Its amazing.  But I was given this med. for something else and accidently discovered the relief. I thought I was going to have to have surgery on my knees for relief, but I don&#039;t want to now. I have had no side effects."
"I&#039;m 40 and had hep C for 20 years.  I&#039;m currently into my second week so I don&#039;t know if it has started to work as yet.  I don&#039;t seem to have any adverse side affects,  fatigue some  days - not all.  Still manage to work long hours and look after family and horses so I guess that would make any one tired!  All good up to now and looking forward to being hep c free.  Good luck"
"I think dilaudid is a wonderful medicine when given in high enough doses administered I.V or I.M. I&#039;m currently in the hospital with multiple blood clots in both my legs and am on a pain pump of dilaudid at a rate of 0.8 mg an hour with 0.5 mg demand boluses every 8 minutes and all it does is make me sleepy. But a 3mg I.M shot the day I was admitted took the pain away."
"I had Implanon since Sept of 2011 when my second daughter was only one month old. I&#039;ve tried everything at that point but no other birth control was working for my husband and I. I had periods almost every other month for the first year. A little nausea and a sore arm for about a month. But all that I could handle well the only thing that had me concerned was my sex drive and weight gain. After the first year my sex drive has slowly come back and I&#039;m also slowly losing weight but I have to really work on it. I&#039;m now two years and 6 months into it and I have a fully wonderful sex drive. And I&#039;m still working on keeping the weight off. In December I choose if we want to put it in again and I think I will! Awesome product in my opinion!"
"Sertraline has been a life-saver for me. I started getting panic attacks just after Christmas and had probably been mildly depressed for a year or so. I&#039;d also started to become anxious all the time and convinced myself that I was on the verge of a Heart Attack. Basically, I could go for a whole day with stomach or chest tightness fighting back tears and desperately trying to cling on to a sense of normality.
Antidepressants was the only option I hadn&#039;t tried but it ended up really working well for me. The first 2 weeks were really hard as the drug makes you worse before it makes you better but if you stick with it, the Zombie-like state passes and I would say after 3 weeks I was 50% back-to-normal, 4 weeks 80&amp; and 6 weeks 100%."
"I have been using hypercare for years now. I noticed people were saying it burned quite a bit. My doctor told me to take a wet wash clothe and get the affected area damp prior to using hypercare and it takes care of the burning. It really does work."
"I have been on Adderall for a little under a month. Let me say, this is the magic pill. I can focus, sit and watch an actual movie, and pay attention in daily life as well as my college. Love Adderall."
"I have been on medication for 9 years now. I have tried over 30 medications for my bipolar, axiety, PTSD and have found Lamictal as the only medication that helped me.  I am very medication sensitive so I did get the rash with Lamictal and still took it for 4 years until the rash ended up being to much.  I have now tried 6 more medications and have not found any that help without huge side effects.  I would say it was a miracle medication for me and I truly miss it."
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar disorder back in 2002 and I&#039;ve tried every medication under the sun with no success. Then in 2006 my doctor tried me on Modafinil as add on to my other medications, I was really surprised at the effectiveness of modafinil. On my depressed cycle it made me get off the sofa and lessened my depression. During my mania cycle I would not have to take Modafinil. It is definitely a medication worth trying as an add to as add on."
"I smoked for thirty years. I took Chantix and by the third week I no longer had the urge to smoke. I had a little nausea for a few days but it wasn&#039;t bad. Did have some crazy sex dreams. I am 65 and have been quit for 7 years. Best thing I ever did when I took Chantix. It works!"
"I had slight discomfort,  a little itching in the vaginal area. I purchased the monistat and inserted the applicator around 1am. When woke up in was in horrible pain. There is no longer an itch but the worse burning sensation ever!!!  Before there was no discharge or redness just slight swelling.  Now it&#039;s burning, red and discharge. Never using again!"
"Works well, but the last time I used it, right at the point of orgasm, I acquired the worst headache I&#039;ve ever had. Literally. Thought I was having a stroke, or something of that nature. It truly scared myself, and my lover."
"I am 20, 21 in a few months, I am 150lbs and 5&#039;6&quot; and I am on 2.5g 2x per night with 3 hours between the two doses. I am on night #8 and I wanted to share my current experience for newly prescribed patients. I am very happy with this treatment! My quality of life has improved around 80% and I realize I still have a while to go before my body is completely adjusted to this new chemical. I do not take any ANY other medications, and I only eat fresh foods, no fast foods for years, and I have cut my sodium intake due to the high levels of sodium in xyrem. I have only had one B12 energy shot since my first day on xyrem. I have very vivid dreams (that feel like) all night. I sleep very solid and deep, and when its time for dose #2 my body knows."
"I am 56 years old had no energy, gained a lot of weight, woke up sweating at night. Felt terrible. It took me 5 doctors but the last one said it was obviously estrogen deficiency. I have been taking the Mylan 0.05 mg transdermal patch and I feel reborn. I have energy. I&#039;m not hot. I feel great. Only problem is the patches don&#039;t stay on. It may force me to change brands or something. They did stay on the first month when the temperatures were cooler but now that it is warmer and I am sweating they are falling off. Plus I exercise a lot which I am sure is contributing to this."
"When I took this drug I was 7 months pregnant with extreme anxiety and depression. I was sectioned on account of the fact I wanted to commit suicide and had taken myself to hospital in a desperate attempt to get help before I did something stupid. It was the worst time of my life. 

The first week of taking the drug saw my symptoms worsen and the side effects were horrendous. I&#039;ve seen hell and it was that first week or two. It took two months for the drug to reach its full potential with therapy. The side effects don&#039;t last. My baby is 2 now and I&#039;m glad I took sertraline; it saved out lives. Depression is a physical illness like any other and needs treatment. Suicide is the result of untreated depression. Seek help if you feel depressed."
"I have used Ocella for years and have not had any major problems. The most I have felt is some breast tenderness close to my period which I have always had and sometimes some mild nausea my first 2 days or so on the pill during the first active week. I am happy with the effectiveness. I had irregular and very heavy periods that would last 11 days. This medicine has given me light and regular periods normally lasting 5 days. I haven&#039;t experienced any emotional side effects or severe physical effects."
"I have had knee surgery and a fairly severe tailbone injury.  I also ride and train horses so I have lots of accidents/injuries on a regular basis.  Percocet really does help for pain, however, like some said, it also alters your mood."
"I used Remicade for a little over a year and it helped tremendously. While I was on it I never felt better. The only reason I had to stop taking it was because I lost my insurance after I was laid off. My doctors office found a program to help pay for the treatments and I will be going back on the Remicade soon. Can&#039;t wait."
"Garbage.  I didn&#039;t lose a pound.  I followed the program and it did nothing except cost me 150.00 in pills.  What a joke!"
"I have been on 10mg of Lexapro 3 days. Day one: I was really dizzy and couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open. Day 2: was awful. I kept throwing up a few hours after taking it. It felt like a hangover and flu mixed. Everything hurt. By the end of day 2 I noticed I wasn&#039;t spending my day planning, thinking, and breaking down tiny details. I was in the moment. It was a little boring at times but it was extremely refreshing. It was amazing to want to go do things without having to make sure everything was thought of. There were no rushes of chest pains. I felt like I should tell everyone how wonderful it was like not be consumed by thought. Day 3: light dizziness and sore muscles. light anxiety after an argument and a concert. I have very high hopes now."
"This has been completely life changing.  I suffered with Anxiety/Disthymia/ADHD. From near constant panic and self hatred and sadness and not seeing a future to being content, happy, balanced, bright... the ME I remember/want to be. I cried when I felt it kick in because I didn&#039;t remember how to be this calm- with ADHD I&#039;m REALLY emotionally reactive. This took the bad feelings down SEVERAL notches to &quot;there, but normal/manageable.&quot;  I keep trying to summon the bad feelings I had before, like poking at a healing bruise, but I CAN&#039;T. 

I tend to call my anxiety RSD (rejection sensitive dysphoria) caused by a life of being undiagnosed ADHD.

I do have decreased appetite but I also take adderall so it&#039;s probably more that. I also want to lose weight so I&#039;m not worried about it."
"Effexor XR has helped a lot and I&#039;ve stayed at 75 mg. but others may need more.  Also, a few people have mentioned that they fear getting off of it because of withdrawal.  Your doctor can help if you ever need to get off.  I believe the technical term is &quot;Effexor - Prozac bridge.&quot;  In other words, you take the longer acting medication (like Prozac) to counteract the short half-life of Effexor.  A doctor could explain it better than I can, but hopefully that will alleviate any concerns."
"I have been using Alesse for a year now and I have a great skin, although I did have clear skin prior to Alesse. I have gained 10lbs. I haven&#039;t been able to pin point what is wrong with me so to speak, and after reading all of the reviews, I feel I have FINALLY targeted the issue. I have always been sensitive... but I have been EXTREMELY EMOTIONAL this past year, crying at the smallest things. I have been so emotional that I am currently suffering from depression. 

Yes, I did not get pregnant, but I don&#039;t believe this pill is worth the side effects!"
"I pre-mixed mine with white cherry Gatorade (no reds/purple colors) and let it chill in the fridge. Tasted like salty cherries.  At 6pm I drank my first dose over the course of an hour (it didn&#039;t specify how fast.) Within 30 minutes my bowel movement started. I got ZERO warning it was going to happen. I was on the toilet until almost 11pm. Ugh 4.5 hours. I was able to get off the toilet three times for maybe five minutes. I slept briefly,  starting my second dose at 4am. Bowel movement started at 415am. Its almost 630am and I&#039;m still on the toilet. My check in time is at 9am so hopefully I can get there without an accident. I didn&#039;t have pain, nausea or vomiting. Just a constant faucet of liquid. Use A&amp;D ointment and wet wipes!"
"I was suffering from acne due to my sensitive skin and severe summer heat.  I tried my teenage time acne cream in my late twenties but i felt it was too mild to work on my much matured skin like now. Then one of my friend, was a satisfied user of Retin A , suggested me to use Retin A 0.05%. I stated it in the winter to avoid over sweating and heat of summer. I face little flaky skin. first 2 weeks my acne breakout little more than the usual. but after that, acne seemed to be decreased. Whenever I feel too dry skin other than the acne affected area, I used pure Vaseline. Now I am cured and my skin is glowing. I am continuing the use of Retin A with my regular night cream as anti-aging properties. And I am quite satisfied with this."
"I truthfully do not have anything positive to say about this form of birth control. Prior to this birth control, I was one of the lucky ones; I used a generic BC and my periods were 3 days, very light, no cramps, acne, or mood swings. 
I have been on Nexplanon for 11 months I have been on my period almost ever since.  My acne is painful and atrocious. I have way worse and almost unexplained mood swings. As I said, I have nothing positive to say about this BC."
"I donated a kidney in 2004 and was diagnosed with my first gout attack in January 2014.  My Dr advised me of all the possible medications I am able to take for the attacks and for long term maintenance.  The ONLY long term medicines I can take because of the kidney donation was Uloric.  I&#039;ve been taking it for about a month with a low dosage of Colchicine (unsure of spelling). It has been working and I personally have not experienced any side effects at all.  With major diet adjustments and the medication my uric acid level dropped 5 points during that month. I am trying my best to continue taking what is my only option but the cost is very high even with my benefits.  Looking for some answers as to options.  Much appreciate the help."
"I have osteoarthritis in both knees. I had a torn meniscus repaired in my left knee a year ago. My knees were killing me. The surgery provided some relief but they both hurt constantly and going upstairs or an incline was awful! I had my first of 3 injections last week. The shot was uncomfortable but bearable. My knees hurt pretty bad for the first few days after the shot. Now almost a week later my knees feel so much better. It&#039;s unbelievable. I had learned to deal with pain when I stood from sitting and pain when I sat down! To not feel the pain when I stand is amazing! I highly recommend the injections!"
"I had the mirena placed in April of 2015. 
I have had long, irregular periods ever since I got it. At first I just dealt with the bleeding because I felt better than being on the pill, but things quickly changed in May of this year. From May 2015 to January of 2017 my periods were: The first was 8 weeks, 2nd was 6 weeks,  periods 3 -7 were 3 weeks long. Then in May of 2017 I started having MONTHLY 3+week periods with a few days of breast tenderness then it starts back up.

I have had two ovarian cysts with it. I have extreme breast tenderness a few days before the start of every period. I have zero sex drive. This does nothing for my skin and I have issues with hidradenitis. I have very low energy levels. I am just ready to have it removed"
"I have been experiencing migraine from my teens. It has peaked in the middle age. After retirement it has again started viciously, the neurologist said it is because of pill pooping out. Tried propronolol, topiramate etc etc and even tried valproatete. Finally I tried divalporex ER 500 within days the migraine episodes came down and migraine if any does not progress into throbbing episodes requiring triptans. Gladly it goes away like a normal headache."
"Afrin is easy to use and effective, it helps me breath again. All you have to do to open it is push and turn, I do not understand why these people think it is hard to open."
"I have had a 30lb weight gain since May of last year, so I finally was able to get Saxenda prescribed to me! And I am thrilled! I just finished my 2nd week and I have lost NINE POUNDS in 12 days! This is with NO excercise other than normal walking at work and house cleaning. It has curbed my appetite I have been keeping a daily food journal , I am on dose 1.2 and have a VERY hard time eating more than 800 to 900 calories a day and keeping my carb intake under 90 or less. Of course the low calories are the largest part of the weight loss. I have found that Saxenda has given me the ability to walk right past any snacks , I am excited to be on this  journey! Will give an update on weight next week."
"I am 15 and have been taking Amnesteem for about a week now because I have very bad acne on my cheeks and I must say it is very effective. Since I started this my skin dried up and my acne redness is definitely going away; however, it was kind of crazy the first 3 days cause my big red spots started getting white heads but they dried up very quickly and then flaked off in a day or two. I am 15 and the only bad thing about this is the chapped lips, dry skin,lower back aches, and I have arthritis in my left knee and it seems that it is making it hurt more but other than that this medicine is A MIRACLE!"
"I have been taking Humira for 2 years now. I have had RA since 2008. No one in my family has had RA. I noticed the first week of taking Humira that my pain and swelling was gone. I do get the sinus infections and dry skin on my feet. I am SO happy not having as much pain. I can live with the infections or dry feet."
"I am neither drugs nor suboxone user. However, VERY unfortunately my husband is. It&#039;s been 6 years he has been using this stuff that calls Suboxone. He is like a serious drug person, like those who use heroine and so on. He cannot live without it. Even he no longer uses opioid, he is still an addicted and sick person. Once, he tried to stop it, after minimizing his dose till minimum.But you cannot imagine what I saw that time.He was not himself, he got such terrible withdrawals. It was terrible. So he failed. And started to use it again. He was suffering for 9 days and couldn&#039;t stand it anymore. The Drs they just make money, but not thinking about other people&#039;s life who has to deal with it"
"Experienced choking, headaches and after using for 2 weeks progresssively worse nose bleeds.  I ended up in the emergency today, my nose is a mess inside.  Cauterizations two days in a row, patches put on the area that have been bleeding.  Now I can take no nasal spray until everything heals.  I have taken Nasonex for several years and like it but my mail pharmacy stopped carrying it.  Threw away 3 containers of the horrible Dymista."
"This is the best medication I have tried for crippling migraines. As long as it is taken at the first sign of a true migraine, Imitrex completely takes away the pain and nausea but it does cause extreme drowsiness and the feelings of a hangover the next day (IMO both side effects are definitely better than a migraine!)"
"I have been on Arimidex for just over a year and have experience basically no side effects.  The only issue I have is my left hand and fingers tingle occasionally at night - enough to waken me, however, the doctor thinks it has more to do with Carpel Tunnel Syndrome - which I never had before.  I am going to be 70 years old soon, am in excellent health and shape as I work with a personal trainer.  Life is Good!"
"Before taking imuran, I was riddled with ezcema from top to toe, bleeding open sores, constantly on antibiotics and cortizone tablets and tablets for depression.  It was a vicious cycle that lasted for approximately 3 years.  Before this I only had mild ezcema, which I had for 15 years, treated with cortizone creams.  Imuran was prescribed by an allergist and immunoligist.  At first I took it with cortizone tablets and then after about 2 - 3 months I was only taking Imuran.  I have never felt better.  I only have a problem with my eyelids now, but this I can handle.  I have been on Imuran now for just over a year and fortunately have had very few side effects. "
"I have been on ativan for 15 years%u2026 started at 1mg and was gradually increased to 4mg. The medication only numbs things the anxiety never went away, and after I started taking I started getting other symptoms like OCD, social anxiety, depression and others 

I should never have trusted the Dr and should have researched the drug before taking. I will never again just take anything without researching it. I am slowly tapering it off, the withdrawals are a nightmare but staying on this medication which should be banned is not an option. This medication was never intended to be prescribed longer then a few weeks. Drs and drugstores are completely to blame right beside the drug companies. They all know it%u2019s poison."
"I have been taking Endocet 7.5/325 for 8 months now in Pain Management, Works very well, Vicodin has nothing on Endocet."
"I have PCOS and struggle with mood swings, hair loss, and pretty severe hirsutism. I have had a lot of success with Yasmin for all of the above.

The most notable and stable difference comes after the 6 month mark. My body and facial hair grow back thinner and at a much slower pace, my mood is very stable and I don&#039;t lose anywhere the same amount of hair from my scalp.
I also have easy and comfortable periods and my appetite is very stable on Yasmin, which I can&#039;t say about other pills. I haven&#039;t put on any weight as a result.

The first 2 weeks of being on Yasmin can be difficult (nausea, headaches) and I don&#039;t recommend it for very sedentery/very unfit ladies, as the risk of clotting is slightly higher because of its Drospirenone content."
"I love it. There was cramping off and on in the beginning and there is still spotting(5 weeks), but I have no side effects and feel great. Highly recommend"
"I was in a car wreck about 2.5 years ago, which broke the Harrington rods I had in my back for scoliosis since the age of 15. I am now 28 and feel like I am 80! I have been on Tylenol 3s &amp; 4s, Vicodin 10mg, Oxycodone 15mg, and then Kadian finally helped me. I have been on the Kadian 30mg twice a day for about 9 or 10 months. It gave me hope, although it does take a couple weeks to start to really kick in. No high feeling, and really takes the base pain away. Soon I will have the rod taken out and that probably wont help the C2,3,4 in my neck and the L5 and S1 discs that are smashed and pushing into my spinal cord. But I can give my 5 year old a bath, walk the dog, etc. It is about $383 per month insurance covering the cost! Saved my life!"
"I never had acne untill I hit 19, I let it go for a while thinking it would go away, then I tried a whole variety of home remedies, over the counter treatments, supplements and stopped wearing makeup and NOTHING was working. I went to my GP fed up and with low self esteem and she prescribed me epiduo! At first I was skeptical, after all it was just a cream but then I began to use it. For the first month I had terrible irritation and burning, my skin would crack and peel but I was so determined to clear my skin I pushed on. Around the 50 day mark a miracle happened!! Not 1 pimple! And I haven&#039;t had one since! My skin is just amazing now, people are complimenting me all the time about it and I feel fantastic!"
"I was told that I have Panic Disorder and Bipolar Disorder. After suffering horrible panic attacks from the withdrawals from Zoloft, I was given Klonopin to calm down. For once, everything felt normal. I was calm and collected after that. I&#039;ve been on it ever since, I take every couple of days when I&#039;m anxious along with Neurontin 300mg, 3 times a day. Definitely helps with the anxiety, I would recommend this to everyone."
"My 7 year old was prescribed tamiflu.  It helped his flu symptoms, but caused him to hallucinate, very agitated and feelings of wanting to hurt others.  I would not recommend tamiflu for children of any age.  My husband and I both took it with no side effects  others than some nausea."
"300mg at nite in bed ... Sometimes 600mg..... Helps me sleep and no restless legs"
"I wouldn&#039;t have a life without oxycodone and Oxycontin. I take 30mg oxycodone 4 to 5 times a day and 40mg Oxycontin 2 times a day. Without these I couldn&#039;t function. I have neuropathy, fibromyalgia and arthritis throughout my body. I as many others I read said, am so sick of being looked  at like I&#039;m a junkie when I run a successful business I could never do without this medication. Take as prescribed and you are fine. I don&#039;t abuse it. "
"I had a PE in 2014. Will be on blood thinners for life. 
Specialist switched me from warfarin to Xarelto last February and life has been three shades of hell ever since.

Weight gain, pain, headaches, hair loss, ridiculous fatigue ... my period was out of control- like Carrie (stephen king) style until I finally got an IUD device (which I have never really wanted to do but at least my iron stores have recovered.)

I found a new family doctor who agreed to put me back on warfarin but the specialist talked me out of it this winter. 

I&#039;m so weak and tired I can&#039;t stand it.

Started on warfarin yesterday and get to quit the Xarelto in two days. Can&#039;t wait."
"I&#039;m 43, and I have severe endometriosis.  Every month I am in so much pain that I have to lay in a dark room all day and night with a heat pad and eating a lot of midol just to survive the day.  One doc told me I needed a hysterctomy. The second doc said I should try lo loestrin fe.  So, I tried the pill.  It took almost 4 months of irregular bleeding and a lot of painful days until it regulated itself.  Now I go months without a period! It&#039;s amazing.  Also, the second month, my boobs grew a cup size, but then they went back to normal size.  I take the pill at 9 pm every night so that I won&#039;t feel nauseated.  If you have endometriosis, this can be a game changer!  I was told I can take it until I&#039;m 53."
"I have to admit when I was first perscribed this medication, I was very hesitant to take it. Like with all medications, I didn&#039;t know how this would effect me. And asking doctors and nurses, I still wasn&#039;t sure. After the first time I took it, I felt better than I have had in a long time. I was calm and very relaxed. I had a small headache, that felt like a mild hangover, but that was the only side effect I had. I highly recommend this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on the Nexplanon for almost 2 years now. There has not been one month where I have gone a full week without having my period. These last two months I have had my period consistantly, cramping, weight gain, sharp pain at injection site, and increased amounts of ovarian cysts. I will never use this implant again and will be sticking to the pill."
"I was discharged from the U.S. Army for medical reasons. Carrying 100lbs plus of gear a day caused a disk in my thoracic spine to herniate. I was on oxycodone 30mg for 4 years but hated the side effects. To stop taking the oxycodone and still manage pain, I take 55 mg of methadone daily in liquid form. Where I live, opiate addiction is at an all time high so doctors are VERY wary of prescribing any type of opiate. Methadone, however, is an opiate analgesic. I still take oxycodone for breakthrough pain and that&#039;s why my methadone dose is relatively low. At higher doses, methadone can act as an opiate blocker so narcotics are ineffective. If you&#039;re having trouble getting methadone, go to a local clinic! They aren&#039;t just for addicts."
"Started taking  60mg of this medicine for ADD &amp;  anxiety triggered my ADD. 
It took about a week to hit my system, while it helped somewhat with my ADD. It wasn&#039;t major. I was still forgetting things like crazy and was able to be side tract. 

It&#039;s been 13 days and I&#039;m stopping it today. 
It has made me an emotional WRECK!!!! I&#039;ve had CRAZY mood swings like seen in a damn horror movie.
Yesterday, I woke up happy then saw puppy shit on the floor and I LOST IT. 
I was a crying wreck. It was so bad I laid on my floor and screamed tears! I&#039;ve never been depressed insane. 
Couldn&#039;t find my shoes- crying screaming mess again. 
Left the laundry in the washer over night- another HUGE breakdown."
"Lexapro helped me a lot with my anxiety disorder / ADD symptoms ... The only thing is that Lexapro alone was not super effective for me, but when combined with Adderall and Klonopin it works amazingly -- none of the three medicines alone worked particularly well, but all three together work extremely well for anxiety, ADD and insomnia."
"My muscles in my shoulder get really tense because of a pinched nerve in my neck and I also have osteoarthritis and lower back pain this stuff when I have a flare up this stuff works wonders. They now make it in generic so I can afford it now I used to not be able to afford it when it was brand only."
"I must say this birth control was a horrible experience.  I had taken Chateal for about 11 months.  I experienced horrible mood swings and depression while taking this.  I didn&#039;t pin point that it was the pill until I finally switched birth controls and my moods swings have been far less than they have been the last 11 months.  I know everyone reacts differently to birth control and this one was NOT for me.  Please be in tune with your body and how it reacts."
"I was switched from Prozac to this (150mg) and it is amazing! It really helped me but I will say DO NOT FORGET TO TAKE IT! my side effects of missing one day were these really weird dreams and horrible headache but if I was off of it for more than a day I felt super dizzy."
"I tried at least 15 different medications for severe neuropathy and sciatica pain. No medications help with my pain Nucynta has. I don&#039;t understand why is so hard to find, at least in my city."
"I have been using Mirapex for two years for severe RLS.  Mine just showed up suddenly without warning and honestly barely slept for two months.  I went to numerous doctors who tried every type of sleeping pill including Ambien. I still didn&#039;t sleep and with the Ambien I actually got into my car and drove and don&#039;t have much memory of it until I hit the back of another car!  Finally I was placed on Mirapex and it is a miracle drug.  I literally was feeling suicidal until that was prescribed.  For me, it really needs to be taken early evening because if not I have problems because it takes awhile to take effect."
"I have been on Zoloft several times. The only side effect was the &quot;runs&quot; which is fine you can take anti-diarrhea medication.  I am also on Epilim, I was recently diagnosed with Bipolar which in itself is a good thing.  No antidepressant worked for me, I was always low.  And off them I was both hyper and low.  It was horrible, then the anxiety kicked in.  So that&#039;s why I am glad to be finally diagnosed as at least I can get help and proper treatment.  Zoloft is brilliant for anxiety, but it didn&#039;t stop the bad lows and I was so tired. But no side effects whatsoever, well only the runs - which you learn to live with."
"Very effective for  diarrhea, besides it alleviates heartburn and stomach discomfort"
"I have experienced increasing neck pain over the last 3 years with the last year being marked by going through a bottle of 160 count Advil every month and a half.  Neck pain would lead to muscle tightness which led to headaches and it was rare that I could go through a day without popping a 6-12 over the counter pain relievers/anti-inflammatory pills.

I have been on Mobic for a month now and thus far no noticeable side effects - and the lid has stayed on the bottle of Advil since day 1 of the prescription."
"Works great!"
"Got the 5mg tablet, have only used stool softeners before but lactulose wasn&#039;t doing much this time. Dulcolax was great! I took 1 pill at 8.45pm, managed a small healthy bowel movement at 1 in the morning before I went to sleep and like clockwork I was up by 8.45am to do another! It was a little softer than usual but  nothing dreadful, I felt all empty, no cramps or horror stories. I did prepare myself for the worst and had lots of fibre-y vegetable soup for dinner and kept hydrated, but I kept needing to pee a lot so got a little dehydrated and did wake up with mild cold sweats, nothing unmanageable. 100% will use again if I really need too."
"Hello all, just back from the doctor...lost another 3.2 lbs...started at 266.7 lbs on June 19 and now at 229.0lb. on Nov 17. Lost total of 37.7 lbs. in 5 months. As you approach your ideal weight you start to lose less and less. When I started, I was barely eating but now back to 3 meals a day but the nice thing about this medicine is that it also teaches you how to eat. I could probably lose more but my goal is 225 lbs ( 4 more pounds ) and then I will stop. Also, I followed the dose schedule. Made it to 3.0 then went backwards and now at 0.6 again. Once I reach my goal, I am stopping as the meds are costing me $450 a month with needles. Don&#039;t be discouraged. This stuff works. Try and exercise as well and the pounds will melt off.  Cheers."
"I&#039;m an 18yr old female, I used to weigh 115lbs and absolutely loved my body and and then over the past year  had some stressful things happen and I gained 35 pounds. Tomorrow will be one week since I started phentermine, I love it so far. I could count all of the food I&#039;ve eaten on one hand since I started and I used to go from eating out at least once a day sometimes up to three times a day and now I have no desire. If someone offered to take me to my favorite restaurant for free I would turn it down because I literally have no appetite. Only bad thing is without eating I feel a little dizzy and out of energy sometimes but it&#039;s so worth the energy boost in the morning and loss of appetite."
"Hi to start with it  i am or should I say  I was  a 36 year smoker. I&#039;m on day 16 have not had a smoke for 3 days. No issue to report from taking the pill. Now I will say you have to keep your self busy. It&#039;s odd I still  want a smoke but the pill keeps me from smoking .I will update as time go&#039;s on. December 07.2016.
So day 7 smoke free.less withdrawal now.I have just started to work out.&quot;The keep your self busy&quot; and changing habits bad to good.I have lost 3 lbs.That&#039;s it for now."
"I&#039;ve been taking phentermine for 2 months and I have lost 22 pounds. I haven&#039;t exercised just my normal active life as a mother and student. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is severely dry mouth and no appetite. I literally force myself to eat something"
"I am a teenager who experienced some mild/bad acne. I was prescribed Ziana Gel in Decemeber and I was very nervous to try this product. For about the first three weeks my acne was getting worse, as my dermatologist had predicted. After those first few weeks, my face started getting way better. By February, my face was clear with the occasional breakout, which was gone by the morning after putting medicine on it at night. At the beginning my face was oily but it got better after a few weeks. Honestly this medicine has changed my life! My one recommendation is to give it time, if you want your acne gone for good I would definitely recommend this product. If you use the tube sparingly it will last you about 6 months."
"It&#039;s been really good still I stopped taking the birth control pill I got acne again, my period was late by 10 days and it lasted for 3 days only. I&#039;m going to see a gyno again soon because I&#039;m worry"
"So I&#039;ve used the 3 day monistat awhile back and it worked perfectly fine. I read the reviews and was very hesitant about the 1 day, but I just wanted it over with due to being a server and not wanting to feel like I&#039;m leaking everywhere for days straight. An hour after inserting the little capsule for the monistat 1 I felt the burning. It&#039;s not as bad as everyone says...it&#039;s almost worse. I kept getting surges of pain randomly that felt so deep inside to the point where I debated all night on going to the ER. The cream to soothe the burning and itching made it worse. I found that keeping busy made it not hurt as bad, coming to the conclusion it&#039;s all in your head. My yeast infection is gone, so if you can deal with pain, go for it."
"Good medicine, it gets rid of your pain without that drowsy sick feeling. "
"It took a good month to start feeling like myself again. In the beginning I was so tired and just wanted to sleep all day (of course wasn&#039;t sleeping good at night). I did notice right away how my anxiety decreased and I wasn&#039;t snappy or having panic attacks anymore. I had a flat affect for about a month and that felt strange to not feel anything. Its been almost two months and overall I would say this medicine definitely helped make me feel more like myself again. I still a have rough moments but am able to get through the day a lot better. I don&#039;t recommend drinking while taking this medicine."
"I absolutely love this medication. I was sick often from chemo and this helped miracles. I also was having it for sleeping and when I took this I would fall asleep and with cancer you often just want to sleep and not be sick. This was great. I also had lots of morphine but decided I wanted this more then the morphine. So to me this was the better choice and I was in la la land but was my preferred drug and to this day I still ask for Phenergen."
"I find plates/bowls with food on them in the night."
"This medicine works very well for me. I have not experienced any side affects. I have been taking this medicine for two years and I am very grateful my Doctor prescribed it."
"Five months after my Daughters fatal car accident, my Dr. suggested Celexa for my depression. I took it for 6 months. It made me worse, my Dr. thought that Wellbutrin might be better. It has really helped, just after 3 weeks I&#039;ve noticed a big difference in my life. I take 200mg per day and now I can finally get on with my life knowing that some day we will be together."
"This is the best medicine I&#039;ve come across for my whole body. I started using it for Tendinitis. I didn&#039;t realize my whole body was suffering from aches and pains until taking Mobic. If I run out of my prescription I can definitely tell a big difference. Thanks Mobic."
"I&#039;ve been on vyvanse for about 2 days now and I can&#039;t believe the difference from the other two medications I&#039;ve tried. (Adderall and Focalin) I was diagnosed about a year and a half ago, I was not diagnosed when I was younger, which would&#039;ve have really explained a lot.  First I tried adderall, it didn&#039;t do much but make me a bit irritable, and still not focusing was on 50mg a day 30mg in the morning and a 20mg in the afternoon, and I didn&#039;t notice a thing. Next was the generic of Focalin, which dild absolutely NOTHING! With vyvanse I feel like I can concentrate on one thing at a time, and not have the urge to start 10 other things.  My doctor put me on 70 mg in the morning, it&#039;s a bit of a slow start, but once it doesn&#039;t its a very productive"
"Read reviews from others and want to offer some advice on what I have learned and did to use Epiduo.
First, Retin A will make the skin soft and susceptible to damage so do not pick skin as it can rip off layers causing scars. I use a sensitive skin soap such as Cetaphil sensitive skin soap. DO NOT scrub your face which stimulates sebum production. Use your finger tips and be as gentle as possible washing face AM/PM daily.
When starting retinoids/ Epiduo, apply at night after washing and let face dry 20min. Apply 50/50 with Cetaphil eczema sensitive skin moisturizer. If you skin is red skip a night but I found that this moisturizer will eliminate the redness. 
Apply moisturizer in the AM after washing/softly drying your face. Use sunscreen"
"Have had experience with several other antidepressants and so far Pristiq has had 0 undesirable side effects. No allergic response, no first week horrors, no insomnia, nothing awful what-so-ever. I feel optimistic, happy and no longer manic. Hoping to check back in a few months time to give further updates."
"I had juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.  I had an allergic reaction to naproxen so I started taking Motrin and It was very effective.  I have been in remission for about 18 years now."
"I&#039;ve been on this implant for about a year I absolutely hate it I weighed 120 after having my baby I was so small my doctor told me I would only gain about 5 pounds, I am now at 199 I&#039;ve tried losing weight that doesn&#039;t work my acne is out of this world I barely get a period and when I do it last for like a day and a half! This implant is causing my body so many problems I have headaches all the time , My breast hurt , My back hurts , And it&#039;s so difficult trying to lose weight on this it makes me eat unusual I eat all day .. It keeps you baby free and I don&#039;t want to get it removed but it comes with so many side effects that your doctor doesn&#039;t really tell you about!"
"I have been using this birth control for a year, and it hasn&#039;t given me any problems since the first month I used it. As long as I take it consistently, I have no problems. My cramps and mood swings are much better, and I only experienced cramping between periods for the first 2-3 months. Everyone is different, but as far as this one goes, it works very well with my body!"
"I had moderate to severe depression on and off, mostly on, for years.  Nothing seemed to work, until I tried Abilify. I take about 2-3mg a day. I have been on it for five years now with no side effects and no recurrence of depression symptoms.  "
"I was on Wellbutrin years ago, and it helped.  In the last couple weeks, I have been suicidal and VERY depressed.  My doctor put me back on the Wellbutrin, and 2 days later I&#039;m ridiculously happy!  I think it&#039;s worth the side effects, but some may not.  I&#039;ve experienced: Insomnia, lack of appetite, horrible nausea, and incessant twitching (every 8 seconds or so).  The insomnia is horrible.  I&#039;ve gotten about 2 hours of sleep in the last 3 days.  Lack of appetite is okay with me, I needed to lose weight anyways!  Ringing in the ears is something I&#039;ll deal with, but the nausea and twitching are the WORST by far.  I look like I&#039;m having a small seizure sometimes, and the nausea is just...ugh..."
"This product is AMAZING !! I am a 13 year old and I have been sweating a lot since 6th grade. I told my mom a week ago that I cant take sweating anymore. So embarrassing in school. No one really notices me sweating because I would always wear a jacket even in the summer time! So I called my doctor and she told me she would prescribe Hypercare. Well I used it the first night and wow the nest morning I didn&#039;t sweat a bit. I can wear any color now but every night I put it on it burns or itches but mostly itches. It&#039;s worth it trust me. So thank you so much Hypercare and yes I do recommend it to anybody who sweats a lot."
"My experience with Nucynta was very dis-appointing. Did not relieve pain any more than a few ibuprofen. And it made me feel tired, sleepy. I have been on many pain medicines in the quest to find something that allows me to function. This one will be at the bottom of my list, mainly due to it&#039;s poor performance for me in easing the pain / combined with sleepy, tired and a little dizzy."
"Asacol has worked perfectly for me.
I was diagnosed with moderate ulcerative colitis, started taking asacol (along with enemas, for about 2 months), now I&#039;m completely off the enemas and still taking the asacol tablets twice a day at 4 pills per time ( 8 per day). It has been about four months since I&#039;ve had any sign of my colitis, and I intend to keep taking asacol. I am reducing my dose to 6 pills per day for the next month or two, then I&#039;ll go down to 4 pills per day and see if that dosage will keep it away.
I am very pleased with this drug. "
"I suffered constipation for the past three days because of traveling. I tried a bunch of home remedies but nothing seemed to work, and I felt extremely uncomfortable with stomach pain as well. So, I went to the nearest pharmacist and they gave me Senokot. They told me to take two Senokot tablets straight away, so I took two at 3:00 P.M. As I waited I still felt very uncomfortable. At about 10:00 P.M my stomach started to make some noises, so I assumed that the laxatives were finally kicking in. At around 12 I went to the bathroom, and finally I was able to get some bowel movement! I still had to push and all, but it did come out eventually and I was extremely happy as I felt fresh afterwards. No pain at all!"
"I have been on Klonopin for a few years now, and it really does work great for anxiety, but there are some long term issues I don&#039;t think people realize. Being that it is a benzodiazepine, it is very difficult to come off. You must be weaned off slowly. I was on 10mg a day. To treat for severe anxiety, definitely does that."
"Listen, this product works! Me and this girl hooked up, and I had a spermicidal condom on, I came inside her with the condom on, and when I pulled out, I saw my cum dripping out of her because the condom broke. I was so scared, and it was, and is the scariest moment of my life. We went to the store 20 minutes after, and got her Plan B. (She was already on Birth Control, but we got Plan B just to be safe.) I checked up on her everyday, asking her if she got any of the side affects. She got Tender Breasts, Mood Swings, Cramps, and couldn&#039;t eat much. Weeks passed, and I was worried sick everyday. Well, a month later on the last day of school, she texted me, and she got her period. Just take it ASAP, don&#039;t worry, and you&#039;ll be fine."
"My mom has been given Prolia twice, 6 months apart. Each time, she had a series of mini strokes a week after the shot were administered. Her face and left arm would go numb, accompanied by nausea. The mini strokes would last 1-2 minutes, and repeat 4-5 times a day. She was put on blood thinners after the first episodes. Any testing done did not reveal anything.  is this yet another side effect of Prolia? Has anyone else experienced this?  She will not take this drug again!"
"I have suffered from migraines for 32 years, the older I am the worse they become. I have both the Imitrex pills &amp; the shots.  When I am nauseated I must use the shot.  Approx. 1 minute after injection the intense buring in my head &amp; the amplified headache are the worst side effects however NOTHING compared to the migraine.  Usually the migraine is gone in 15 - 30 mins and I sleep it off. There is also the 12 - 24 hour Imitrex hangover from the shot.  Muscles feel as though they are made of jelly, overall wiped out feeling.  The pill does not have the burning effect for me and it takes the full 30 minutes to combat the migraine.  Imitrex is the only medicine which has worked for me consistantly over the years.  I become immune to all other  medicines."
"Something has changed in the formulation of this drug.  I developed a rash which looked like giant hives after starting a pack and into the 3rd day.  I thought it was unrelated but then it happened again when I started a second pack.  I have changed to another brand and had no problems."
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon since February. Honestly I&#039;m ready to get it out of my arm. Yes, it protects you from getting pregnant.. But I have been bleeding for a month &amp; two weeks. &amp; it&#039;s driving me so CRAZY I just can&#039;t take it anymore:( but I want to keep it in because it really does protect you from getting pregnant. I lost my baby boy at 29 weeks pregnant.. On Nov 4th 2014. It was the hardest thing ever.. He was a stillborn. But I must admit as the Days went by I&#039;ve gotten stronger. I don&#039;t plan on trying to have another baby til I&#039;m finished with school. But anywho the Implanon works great but I just hate the bleeding everyday none stop...but I&#039;m trying to hang in there to see if it&#039;ll eventually stop for a while.."
"Im not one to review anything online but Duac has changed my skin completely, I had been suffering from acne since my early teens and now aged 24 was fed up and spoke to my Dr who suggested this product. my only regret is I hadn&#039;t gone earlier. My skin is now clear of acne and I feel much more confident even leaving the house without makeup something I wouldn&#039;t do previously. It does easily bleach sheets, pillows and towels though so be careful."
"I was really scared about taking quetiapine as I had read all the horror stories, particularly around weight gain.
Firstly, I would say everyone is different and this may work for you. For me it has been a godsend.    I haven&#039;t felt this good ....ever....it has made such a difference to my life.    Far better than any antidepressants for bipolar depression. As far as weight gain is concerned, before taking quetiapine (75 mg) I was binge eating 3 days out of 5. This has stopped entirely, I have no desire to binge eat...like flicking a switch. So my advice is to try it remember 77% of patients don&#039;t gain weight on this drug.   Btw I am also on  lamictal 200mg. (I felt more hungry on mirtazapine)"
"I started taking Premarin 1.25mg when I lost my ovaries at the age of 28 to endometriosis. That was 33 years ago. My symptoms were lack of focus and energy. Within a week or two I was back to my normal self with the exception of the mood swings I&#039;d had ever since puberty. Several years ago my GYN said there was an alert about Premarin and I would have to wean myself off of them. I went down to 1/4 of what I was taking within 7 months. I was taking large doses of ibuphrofen for over 25 years for inflammation in my back. When the Premarin was decreased and the ibuphrofen was taken down I developed extreme arthritic swelling in some of my joints. I was put back in the Premarin immediately and told to never get off."
"Valtrex works wonders. As a 20 year old college student, exam time usually involves catching a cold and high stress, and the perfect formula for cold sores. Last night I started feeling one start to pop up around 8pm. I got home around 9:30pm and popped two 1 gram pills of Valtrex. 

At 9:30am today I got up and took two more. The cold sore did bubble up some but never got swollen, nasty and red. Its 5:30 pm now and its almost completely gone! Without the Valtrex, I would be sporting a disgusting throbbing blister for a couple days followed by a week of waiting for a scab to heal. I&#039;ll take the 24 hour cold sore over that any day. Please, if you suffer from these painful, embarrassing cold sores, try to get a prescription."
"I got Nexplanon May 9th 2014, insertion was quick and painless my arm was bruised for a few days but didn&#039;t hurt at all. The first thing I noticed was that I was hungry 24/7 and a little emotional also I got I little constipated. Didn&#039;t bleed or spot till when my period was supposed to come and it was not a regular period it was much lighter but I did get bad cramps. I was bleeding for a week and then it went away. No headaches, no weight gain, no nothing! I love my Nexplanon and I hope I don&#039;t get side effects later on!"
"I&#039;m 50. I was in school before ADD and ADHD were a thing. Those of us that couldn&#039;t pay attention or behave got C&#039;s and D&#039;s, and we liked it that way. I&#039;m kidding, we didn&#039;t like it that way and neither did our parents. I muddled through high school and even got a college degree, but I really struggled. I remember when I first heard of ADD and meds that treat it, and it was a revelation. I&#039;ve tried many of these medications and Concerta is my favorite. To me, it&#039;s the smoothest.  The short acting drugs hit too strongly and then quickly crash. Hard. I had been taking Metidate CD until an insurance change made Concerta cheaper. Concerta is smoother than Metidate."
"I&#039;m a 30 year old male and switched from Dexedrine to Strattera about two years ago. For the first two months I thought it was a terrible decision because of the horrible side effects and talked to my doctor a couple of times about switching back to a stimulant. He told me that even though it says it can take up to a month to start working, in his experience, it took most patients 2-3 months to see the benefits. I&#039;m glad I stuck with it. After four months all side effects we&#039;re completely gone and it works better than any stimulant type I&#039;ve been prescribed. The problem is you do have to get through a horrible period of 1-3 months (10 weeks for me) before the nausea, fatigue, ED and insane sweating are gone. This drug takes time to work!!!"
"my daughter was put on Macrodantin to prevent kidney infections, and after 2 months was struggling to breath while playing football, tests showed that her pulmonary function had reduced by 25% and she had developed an irregular heart beat. I would think carefully before taking this drug as you may be damaging your lungs to save your kidneys"
"Very effective pain reliever."
"I had my Mirena inserted 1/4/10 and I love it! I know everyone is different, but it has been great for me. I&#039;m 24, never had kids, and was on the pill for the past 6 years. Insertion was uncomfortable and painful, but not horrid (and I have a low pain tolerance). However, my doc did give me a local (lidocain) which I&#039;m sure made a huge difference and I would not do it without.  I felt dizzy and nauseous for the first hour after and relatively bad cramping for three hours. The next day I was a bit tender, and by day three I was my normal self. Had some very light cramping for two weeks and now nothing, not even my period. I did have a little acne at first, but that may have had to do with going off the pill. I&#039;ve even lost weight."
"After taking for 7 years my bone mass has improved significantly - my bone density score is now below the threshold considered osteoporosis.  I have had no noticeable side effects."
"Took the 4 tablets at one time. This medicine was the best and also the worst medicine to take . It was great because it worked amazing everything was gone. The side effects were horrible. For an hour I was fine and once the hour hit I was sick to my stomach I threw up a few times and than I had the worst stomach pain for a few hours till I finally fell asleep.  Overall worth it tho its effects people different but if you want the infection gone this is the go too."
"I have bipolar problems and I&#039;m taking 500mg Seroquel prolong once a day. It really has helped me on my mood swings. It&#039;s been five years now and I&#039;m on methadone treatment too. I don&#039;t have any problems, I sleep pretty good now and I&#039;m more stable."
"Wasn&#039;t fully prepared for the immediacy of the effect of this drug. As soon as it was injected I felt like I was suffocating, almost claustrophobic. It plateaued quickly and came down, went away quickly, but it was scary initially. Feel the cardiologist could have done a better job of prepping me for the effect. It certainly raised my heart rate, I&#039;ll give it that."
"I have been using these pain patches for several years and they were always very effective.  However, since the new patches came out I have not been happy with them.  They are still very effective in relieving pain but they will not stick as in the past.  They very easily fall off.  This was never a problem with the other patches."
"I have been sweating for 3 years, even if it was 30 degrees outside and I wasn&#039;t wearing a jacket. People would ask me why I was sweating and it was so embarrassing I couldn&#039;t even explain. I would sweat through shirts onto jackets. I was tired of this and knowing I would be section leader I knew I&#039;d have to not be sweaty under my arms because people would start saying something. I went to my doctor and asked if she knew of anything to help. She prescribed this, even though there is burning and itching it is so worth the no sweating. In the Texas heat this works perfectly."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and have been on sertraline for 4 weeks now they&#039;re definitely starting to work the first week was a few side affects but nothing major just a bit nervous that&#039;s all, I can definitely tell I&#039;m starting to feel better! I use to have 3 panic attacks a day and worry all day everyday but now it&#039;s like I don&#039;t get any anymore maybe now and then I can worry but not as much as I use to , it takes 4-6 weeks to work anyway , they&#039;re amazing I feel so much happier and first time in months I went out for a meal without having a panic attack as the tablets feel like they blank noise out more and I didn&#039;t even concentrate on people around me or I don&#039;t have thoughts about dying going through my head all day everyday anymore ! recommend them!"
"I&#039;ve always been lucky to have naturally flawless skin, but then the beginning of this year I got the most intense cystic acne on both of my cheek bones. It looked like I had an allergic reaction to blush. I tried everything, Proactive, dermatologists visits, prescribed medication, expensive products, facials. My skin other than my acne zones was soft and smooth but nothing was treating the actual problem on my cheeks. I decided to change my birth control. I was on Levora for a few years before switching to Tri-Nessa a few months ago. TriNessa took a couple months to fix the acne but I couldn&#039;t be happier! I&#039;m just waiting for my skin to renew to get rid of the red. My confidence is back! Be patient it&#039;s worth it!"
"I have been on Depo for 3.5 years now and the first entire year I had spotting almost everyday. After that I would only get my period about a week after I would get a new shot which last at least a full week but are very light. I love this birth control because I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every day. I didn&#039;t experience weight gain, I actually lost weight after taking the shot but I did experience some acne which I am not sure is because of the Depo or just minor adult acne. I definitely recommend this method for birth control!"
"It&#039;s almost as if I&#039;m a new person, or the person I&#039;m meant to be. 
My mind used to be filled with sad, negative, anxious thoughts but now they don&#039;t exist thanks to this pill. I still have some social anxiety but it&#039;s definitely not as bad as it used to be. I never wanted to admit that I needed medicine to help me, because seeing the way other pills made my friends act turned me off. Clonazepam really does work wonders for me, some say it makes them tired but it doesn&#039;t happen like that for me (just don&#039;t take it while drinking alcohol, found that out the hard way)."
"What experience??? It would be nice If I could get the top to open!!! Even my husband is puzzled by this new top!  You&#039;re not only keeping kids from using the bottle of nasal spray your keeping ME a woman in my mid sixties from using your product! I have arthritis but can usually be creative and get to a product somehow! In your quest to be SAFE you have lost a customer!!! I will use a competitor from now on. I have used your various nasal sprays on and off  for years and you have now gone beyond the absurd in your quest for safety, or whatever it is you are doing it for. Maybe you should consider a &quot;handicap&quot; version or go back to the original...only then will you get my loyalty as a customer back! Leave well enough alone!"
"This helped me cope and treat my Tourette&#039;s throughout my childhood. I do rate it a 9 due to it causing drowsiness, and now I am 17 and can&#039;t sleep without it."
"I have been on anti-depression medicine for about 10 years.  Different ones, but, the last one - Lexapro-.  I felt like I was going crazy.  I had crazy feelings of not being worth anything and like everyone was against me.  Cried all the time and did not want to do anything.  My doctor started me on Brintellix (20MG) and I felt better after about 1 week.  I have been on it now for 1 month.  I feel like I need this medicine to keep going every day.  It did cause me to feel nauseated daily for about 2 weeks.  That feeling has gone.  But the bad part of this medicine for me is that my taste has changed when I eat certain foods.  I have a better outlook on life and do want to do things but still have issues."
"I was diagnosed with  Narcolepsy 1990. They started me on Ritalin, which did not work for me. Then Dexedrine. It did work but caused a lot of tension in neck shoulder back in the evenings. Then Provigil, Nuvigil. I have settled on Adderall, it wakes me in the morning and keeps me awake in the afternoon. It&#039;s a God send."
"The reviews I read about Implanon seriously freaked me out at first. So much so, that I cancelled my initial consultation. After talking things over with a friend, I decide to just go for it. Long story short, I love this birth control. I don&#039;t have to take pills daily anymore and I&#039;m always protected. It&#039;s very effective AND I still have monthly periods. My first period was a little long, like 8-9 days, but now they&#039;re normal length (3-5 days) and easy. My only complaint would be that while on the pill my cramps virtually disappeared. Since being on Implanon, my cramps have returned however not as strong! I recommend this for all young women like myself-- do yourself the favor."
"Great when combined with Adderall (immediate release). I stay focused and organized, have consistent energy, and even speak more professionally at work. Con: Tightness in chest/anxiety on doses higher than 5mg. I seem to be highly sensitive to the XR, so I take 5mg three times a day with Adderall (immediate release) 10mg."
"I had extremely bad sweating under my armpits. I used to sweat in normal tee-shirts and even thick sweatshirts. It was so embarrassing. When I got in front of people or to a party or something, it was terrible. I couldn&#039;t wear normal colored shirts, especially grey, which is like my favorite color, because the sweat stains were so large. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and asked my doctor about a solution and she suggested Hypercare to me. I tried it on at night, washed it off in the morning, and did not put any deodorant/antiperspirant on the following morning and I tested it with a grey tee shirt and went to the mall and NO SWEATING AT ALL. Hypercare is magic! I&#039;m so dry now! Definitely would recommend this to anyone with the same problem!!"
"I would not recommend this pill whatsoever. I went on it and the only pro was a four day period, basically no period at all, just brown, also barely any cramps. But when it comes to cons the list is huge- I&#039;ve stayed a steady weight my whole life after taking this pill my weight has sky rocketed, sever bipolar mood swings, acne all the time, and anxiety all the time. I was going to deal with it but after a year I decided I just can&#039;t do it anymore. I am just going to deal with my period by itself."
"I have 7 Immediate Family members that had Alzheimer&#039;s and died except my younger sister, Debra Age 61. She resides in a Nursing Home and was admitted 1/13/13. My Dr. put me on the Exelon Patch around that time. I have enjoyed extra energy. I have been diagnosed with mild cognitive loss. I am 63. No adverse side effects from the Exelon Patch. Don&#039;t like black gummy circle it leaves on skin.  9/20/2015, I went to my Pharmacy for my Exelon Patch. The script they gave me was for Rivastigmine, with bright RED sticker: A GENERIC EQUIVALENT DRUG has been dispensed of the same QUALITY and at a LOWER PRICE. UNTRUE. It falls off and sticks to clothes. 1st script at generic price, 2nd and on full price of EXELON. Ins won&#039;t pay"
"I am on day 4 now and I am pretty spacey.  I feel like I have smoked weed honestly. However, I started at 277 and I am at 272 this morning. I am taking 50 mg twice a day. So I think what I will do since I have to work is cut them in have and do half in the morning half at lunch half at dinner and half at bed time so its not so crazy. Lol. It does cause slight memory loss and a little tingly feeling but its not unbearable. I have noticed I do not want any sweets. I crave fruit. And veggies. Or nothing. I had 36 cookies on my desk Friday and didn&#039;t eat one of them... This is very worth it. And the side effects do wear off after a while. Thats how I know its time to take another half. I will update later. Yay I extremely happy!!"
"I could only complete the first session. Within 5 minutes of taking the first mixture at 6:00 PM my BM&#039;s started.  The BM&#039;s continued sporadically throughout the night approx. every 30 to 90 minutes until 8:00 AM the next morning. I consumed voluminous quantities of water to avoid becoming dehydrated. Around midnight, upper belly pain and chills began which lasted all sleepless night long. I did not dare try to take the second dose or I could not travel to the test site without soiling myself. My 9:30 AM colonoscopy was completed but my doctor said my colon prep was only &quot;suboptimal&quot; which resulted in a poor test. Even tho I had about 14/15 BM&#039;s from the first dose, my colon prep was &quot;suboptimal&quot;.  Never Again!"
"Had 1st shot of Simponi and didn&#039;t notice any change. I was also taking 2 pills of methotrexate. Doc upped methotrexate to 6 pills. I had been getting muscle spasms intermittently since starting Simponi. After 3rd shot, I got the muscle spasms the next day and they lasted for a week. Doc took me off Simponi due to the muscle spasms and also because I didn&#039;t notice any change in AS. "
"Awesome. Best medicine I&#039;ve ever found for depression and anxiety. All my problems are over. I had diarrhea for two days, but then it has been bliss for a month now with ZERO side effects."
"Can&#039;t recommend more highly.  Unless my anxiety is particularly high, this medication helps assure a wonderful night&#039;s sleep.  I&#039;m on 200 mg nightly, along with Ultracet."
"I need to lose 30 lbs. I tried every thing, even the HCG diet. I was so hungry on that diet, it made me gain more weight. I tried phentermine 37.5 mg 7 days ago, and I am down 5 lbs. the first day I took it, I didn&#039;t eat all day long. It was weird and scary at the same time. I just wasn&#039;t hungry at all. My energy level was at the highest I ever felt. I had to keep moving. The next day, my body started getting use to the pill. I don&#039;t night snack any more. My last meal is around 7pm. If I start exercising I will probably lose more weight faster. side effects: thirsty all the time, but that helps me to get my 8 glasses of water intake. Sometimes I feel kind of emotional. that&#039;s about it."
"I have had severe rheumatoid arthritis and linked auto immune liver disease for four years.  Nothing worked.  I couldn&#039;t take methotrexate because of my liver.  I have had steroids by the bucket load, sulfasalazine, azathrioprine, cimzia, simponi, rituximab, - nothing worked.  I began orencia seven months ago and it has transformed my life.  I am almost back to normal again (although anyone who has been through this will know that life will never be the same again!) and have had no unpleasant side effects. Amazing."
"It worked Great! If your actually ready to stop smoking, it will work for you,, it did for me. I smoked my last cigarette on 02/09/2015 and not one since. There is a big difference between the physical craving, and the physical habit. Chantix takes away the physical craving completely, as for the physical habit, that&#039;s up to the person.. I recommend picking up some hard candy, and staying as busy as you can for the first few weeks. Best of luck to all. It&#039;s really not as hard to quit as you think. I smoked for over 40 years, and up to 3 packs a day when I quit.."
"I&#039;ve be taken Adipex since May of 2012.  I&#039;m 5&#039;2&quot;, and started off weighing at 180 lbs. It&#039;s now January 18, 2013 and I weigh a beautiful 145 lbs. I FEEL GREAT! "
"I have been diagnosed since 5/13. I have been on tecfidEra al.osteoporosis the whole time. I have had no growth in my lesions and no new lesions at all. I was recently taken off my meds to see if I have any relapses and where my disease is....I feel like this is a wonderful medication.  Also they had a program to make the meds reasonable or free if needed. Would definitely refer this medication. My cousin used to have to go get 5 hour treatments for her MS. grateful this kind of med is out there."
"I have suffered from cystic acne for almost 10 years. I&#039;ve tried every topical known to man and not one, but TWO rounds of Accutane. But it still comes back.

I started using Aczone once a day (at night) with a basic moisturizer and have noticed a phenomenal difference. It hasn&#039;t healed me because when I&#039;m lazy refilling my prescription, my skin breaks out again. But at least I know it&#039;s working when I do use it.

Only downside: it&#039;s expensive! Ask your derm for a coupon!"
"I was 64 when I had my first colonoscopy.  I was terrified of having to drink &quot;the awful tasting liquid&#039; after reading all the horror stories.  So I went in with a positive attitude.  I drank the first part of the SuPrep starting at 7 pm.  I mixed everything together and I also had a glass of Crystal Lite Lemonade and a bottle of lime flavored Gatorade handy.  So I started drinking the solution and I was surprised that it was not nearly as awful as what I had expected.  I would drink several swallows of it and then I would drink some lemonade.  I did that repeatedly until I drank it all. Followed by two 16 oz. bottles  of water.  So much easier than what I expected.  They found 4 polyps all benign.  I felt stupid for not doing this sooner."
"I have been taking tramadol for over 10 years now. I take 2 50mg pills 3x a day. I have found a huge difference in the generics. I thought mylan was the best , but the last few months something has changed. Its almost like the mylan pills are fake. They don&#039;t work at all. They only give me a headache. I used to take amneal until those stopped working. So this month i went to a different pharmacy and got the zydus brand even though i have read bad reviews of zydus brand tramadol. After 1 hour of taking my first dose it was like night and day. These work great. It was almost like the first time I took hydrocodone. I had little pain, my pain went from an 8 to a 2 . I dont take these to get high but I had a warm fuzzy itch all over my body."
"I have been taking Lexapro for about 2 months now and I notice an immediate change. I suffered from bad anxiety attacks where I would have them two or three times a night. I was miserable by the time I got prescribed Lexapro. My doctor initially prescribed me Xanax to get me through until my antidepressants start working because they don&#039;t have that initial &quot;kick&quot; like Xanax has.  I was happy that I had the Lexapro to help me with my depression, and more so anxiety. The only side effects I have noticed is weight gain and lowered sex drive. I think those are nothing compared to feeling depressed. I would recommend this antidepressant."
"I&#039;ve been on Oxycontin for 8 months. I take it to help with RSD pain in my shoulder that radiates all down my arm and into my hand. I have trouble taking high doses of nerve medications like gabapentin, so a narcotic is necessary. It definitely helps a lot. However, it does not last 12 hrs. I have oxycodone for breakthrough pain. I also have tried taking 3 doses of Oxycontin a day (per Drs orders) and that keeps it from running out. The problem with a triple dose is drowsiness; I started to have trouble tolerating that. But, overall this has been a lifesaver for me."
"I was prescribed Effexor after a really bad anxiety attack about 3 years ago. At first, it was really great. Less suicidal thoughts, my anxiety wasn&#039;t as bad, but I wasn&#039;t eating. I had absolutely no appetite whatsoever, I starved myself until I lost 20 lbs and they increased my dosage from 37.5 to 150 mg. It&#039;s years later and I now suffer from an eating disorder that I didn&#039;t before. The side effects; dizziness, bad coordination, insomnia, headaches, lightheadedness, and especially the fatigue, all impacted my life to the point where I dropped out of high school. The withdrawals, which occur after 24 hours of not taking the pill, make you feel inhuman. I was better before."
"I was prescribed cipro as a precaution do to a kidney blockage I have.  I can&#039;t say how effective it is, because I dont have an infection. I just wanted to comment on side effects. I did not have any side effects at all that I&#039;m aware of.  I&#039;m extremely sensitive to everything! This hasn&#039;t seemed to bother me at all.  Then again, I&#039;m only on a 5 day treatment plan."
"As I got older my asthma got worse, and eventually my doctor gave me Symbicort. I absolutely loved it, and I would totally recommend it. I only had to use it once a day, and I was able to go about my day with no shortness of breath. I was finally confident enough to engage in a lot of activities without the fear of struggling. The only problem I had with this medication was that if I missed a dose I found that I would have a full blown asthma attack. I don&#039;t know if anyone else has had that problem."
"I have Complex Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Currently taking Effexor, Lorazepam, Remeron, Prazosin, Propranolol, and Saphris.

Despite the medication regiment, I was having a very hard time with anxiety. The panic attacks were debilitating so my psych doc decided to try me on Saphris. He told me to take 5mg at night and 2.5-5mg in the morning if I needed it. 
The most noticeable side effects I&#039;ve had are sleepiness, numb/tingly tongue, and clumsiness. The first three days, the taste of the tablet (regular &quot;flavor&quot;) was awful. Today, about one week since starting, it&#039;s tolerable. 

My anxiety has reduced significantly. My flashbacks have reduced in severity, I feel more mellow and calm. Saphris is really helping me get the most out of my therapy."
"I love this. I used to have major mood swings. I feel so much happier. I&#039;m a recovering meth addict. I started this medicine in rehab. 6 months at 50mg and life couldn&#039;t be better. All of the anxiety and nerves, tics and repetitive thoughts I no longer have. Pristiq and AA saved my life."
"I have been taking Trazodone off and on, more on since 1995.  My dose has always been 1 or 2 @ 150mgs.  I would never change.  I have DDD, DJD, arthritis, muscle spasms, chronic pain, COPD, asthma, CFS, and nerve damage.  What can I say.  My mind never turns of.  When I tried to get help, I was told it could not be done.  I was on a muscle relaxer and my insurance wanted me to try something else, so now I wake-up in the middle of the night.  I am also on Oxycontin 40mgs for pain, trazodone has been a life saver.  I just wish I could find away to stop pain.  Just don&#039;t know what will happen."
"I am 18 now and I have been taking this pill for 2 years now. Since I started taking it my periods, which were already normal to begin with, have significantly decreased. Now my periods last from 2 days to sometimes not at all. It&#039;s scary but reading some other reviews I find that this is common. I never had nausea, but I did have some increase in acne. This is still a good pill but I wish I would have a DEFINITE period each month."
"I&#039;m 21, 5&#039;4 125 pounds, very active. Hypertension runs in my family sadly and there is no escaping from it. It ran in the 140/mid to high 90&#039;s range. I was put on hydrochlorothiazide two months ago. At first I didn&#039;t like it because obviously it makes you urinate like crazy, and I hated waking up in the middle of the night to go because I would have trouble falling back to sleep. I started taking it early in the morning instead of 3pm, and my problem was easily solved. Other side effects I have noticed, I&#039;ve lost around 10 pounds of water weight within the last two months. My blood pressure is now in the low 130&#039;s, mid 80&#039;s range, and I feel great. I probably will end up on a higher dose in the future."
"Love this!  The only one that did not make me sick!  Coupon cuts cost."
"Works great at 1000mg.  No hangover, solid sleep."
"I took Effexor for three years due to depression. I loved the fact that I was no longer depressed but I was tired all the time. I could sleep for 10 hours get up and two hours later I was ready to sleep again. If I missed taking a dose I would get a horrible headache. The only reason I stopped taking Effexor was due to being tired all the time. Getting off of the medication was awful. I have never been so sick in my life. If you are going to take this medicine the rest of your life I highly recommend it. It did wonders for my depression."
"After years of High Blood Pressure and a series of medicines my awesome doctor prescribed Azor along with a diuretic and my blood pressure was 145/110 and now the average is 120/77.  A great medicine and I would tell everyone it is a great medicine. Thanks Dr. G."
"I had pain in my head with shingles. After taking one pill the pain went away, the next day I went to work for a few hours."
"I had a paranoid stint and was getting no sleep. My Doctor gave me Zyprexa and it pulled me out of that state very quickly. I like to refer to it as pulling out the big guns. It had no side effects for me and I was on it a short while."
"I took Klonopin and Paxil for 15 years to treat my anxiety disorder.  I had to detox from the Klonopin this past spring.  I got off the Klonopin and switched my Paxil to Lexapro (sex side effect issue).  I am also a recovering alcoholic.  My doctor did not want me on Benzo&#039;s anymore (says it increased alcohol cravings).  I stayed on Lexapro only for 9 months, but my anxiety came back strong on just the Lexapro alone.  I almost resorted to taking Xanax before I switched doctors. My new doc gave Zyprexa a chance. I am on my 7th day and I haven&#039;t felt this &quot;normal&quot; in 5 years.  I take 5mgs at night and it has ended the &quot;chatter&quot; in my head, and removed my anxiety.  Great medicine so far."
"I was on Cymbalta before this and made me numb. Took this starting at 10mg and on 40 mg now. Been taking since Dec, so two months now. Hard on stomach at first, running to the bathroom. This med like lifted the fog from my outlook. I mean like I actually feel good like I never have. Able to talk to people and initiate conversation whereas before I would give monotone answers to questions. I think clearer and my memory is better. This is a miracle for me. Not really any sexual side effects and I am male. I had bad sexual side effects with Cymbalta. I take it in the morning with breakfast and I find it goes in my body better with protein like eggs or sausage. It has the effect of energizing me. Pricey after insurance without the coupon card."
"I have chills and a terrible headache.  Feel nauseated and I only took one pill. First day and I am hating side effects. I also have rapid heart . I will give it two more days. I am not going to deal with bad side effects for any longer than that."
"I am ( 68 years old) taking Brilanta ( Ticagrelor) since December 2015 after having a heart attack and insertion of one stent. During first few months I had problem with even  minor bruises when the blood was not clotting easily. Otherwise I have not experienced any internal bleeding or shortness in breath even when I was walking at moderate speed of 4.5 to 5 KM per hour for 30-45 mins. 
I have also problem of acute pancreatitis for which my food is low on fat for last few years.
I only have to watch after completion of one year."
"The first 3 or 4 days I had some bad nausea and I did notice a little bloating, but both faded quickly.  I did not gain any weight - I have actually lost 5 pounds since starting it, but I also have been making healthier eating choices and I exercise a few times a week.  My only complaint is that it made me spot bleed throughout the first month, which was annoying, and I have become a little more emotional but it&#039;s nothing serious - and that happens with most birth control pills, anyways. My doctor says the spot bleeding is just something you need to tough out, and if you can, it gets much better after the first few months. Overall, I would recommend this pill - as long as you&#039;re willing to stick it out through the first month!"
"used levaquin for three days for sinusitis and congestion, both are gone, but I do have signifcant heart burn and loss of appitite, but no problems eating, sleeping, or itching."
"I am taking Loestin 24 for 14 days now. I feel really good and have more energy. Last month my period lasted a month. It was awful so my doctor prescribed the pill to control the bleeding. Haven&#039;t gained weight. Boobs slightly bigger (good thing for me). So far I have no complaints. Lets see what happens when my period is due next month. I will report more. I&#039;ve always had long periods lasting 10-12 days so it would be a blessing if the pill can take it down by a few days at least."
"I have major depressive disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety.  I take two antidepressants and Buspar and Valium for anxiety.  I have begun taking 10 mg of Valium several times a day and it helps calm my million mile an hour brain.  I wish I didn&#039;t have to take so much medication but to live a normal daily life, they are necessary."
"This is by far the best acne medication ever. Of course it&#039;ll take some time from the start of using, but after about 2-3 months, you can definitely notice a difference!"
"Been on Sprintec for about 9 months now. So far so good! No nausea, no acne, no weight gain, no baby. What more can you ask for from a birth control pill?"
"I had Mirena for a little over 2 years now and I love it. I got it after my 2nd child. I did not feel any pain or cramping when the doctor inserted Mirena. I have been on the patch, the pill, Depo-Provera way before I got Mirena. I am 28 years old and in a few more years I am going to get this one again. I would definitely recommend to anyone."
"Femhrt worked wonderful.  Had to wait a couple of months for the full effect so give it time.  The only downfall is that it is expensive and does not have a generic."
"Decided to take Dulcolax in order to cleanse after a frisky weekend of unjudicious eating. Took one lil pill after 11:30pm and crawled into bed. It is 2:30am and I have particularly terrible stomach cramps. Right below my esophagus. Right in the trapper. Got up once to see if gravity would help me move the sludge along, but I just got nauseous and sat on the toilet long enough to realize that I wanted to be back in bed again. I swiped a waterbottle from the fridge and a pack of Saltine crackers from the pantry on my hunched waddle back to the bedroom. As I lay there in an extra sad version of the fetal position, I read some of the reviews on this website. As a second-time user of the stuff, I must confirm the rumors. But Saltines help."
"I was on Topamax and my Dr. added 300 mg Trileptal twice a day to deal with anxiety issues caused by Topamax. I have experienced no weight gain and few side effects. There was an initial feeling of &quot;contentment&quot; whenever I took it, but this wore off after a couple weeks. Since adding Trileptal to the repertoire I&#039;ve experience no manic symptoms but blessed, normal emotions. It&#039;s like the anxiety was cut away and a real human being was exposed underneath. The emotions are loud and clear but they aren&#039;t overpowering. No cycling. I&#039;d say this was a real plus."
"This medication is nothing short of a miracle for me. I have been suffering from debilitating postpartum depression (hospitalized for 3 months) for 7 months, and no combination of SSRI&#039;s/antipsychotics had worked for me until Abilify. After about 4 days I began feeling happier, less suicidal. I am on 2mg in the morning. Haven&#039;t noticed any real negative side effects. I almost feel &quot;normal&quot; for the first time in close to a year. Love this medication."
"Wonderfully highly recommended"
"I have started taking Votrient about three weeks ago. One tablet in the morning, one tablet in the afternoon, and one tablet before bedtime. I would be sick during the day (nausea, extreme fatigue, and no appetite.) I told my doctor about my experience and she suggested to take the tablets all at once before going to bed. I have been doing this for a week, and it is not too bad except waking up in the morning feel exhausted. But in the afternoon I would feel fine. I think the medication is working because I always have tumor pain and I will be going to the doctor this week for signs of some shrinkage."
"I have had Augmentin or its generic prescribed for my sinus   upper resp infections for 15 years. It Always works. It sometimes takes 15-21 days as I&#039;ve had many sinus surgeries, but by the end I am clear and good to go! Cipro takes longer and Levaquin made me lose my sense of smell for a year!"
"My experience with Cytoxan was very good. Prior to starting this treatment I was having difficulty with most activities, including walking, writing and even dressing. After a few treatments I was performing these and many other activities quite well. I continued with the treatments for over 3 years (with 1 treatment every 4-6 weeks). 

Now I am having tysabri treatments every 4 weeks with good success."
"I was on estarylla for 1 day and it gave me chest heaviness to the point where I felt I couldn&#039;t breathe for several days. I was sent to the ER and they said I was completely healthy. It made me very depressed but the worst part was feeling like I was literally suffocating but doctors telling me I was fine. Anxiety was through the roof and every moment was just torment and crying. I do not suggest taking estarylla!!!"
"Bipolar with mixed episodes, ADHD and severe anxiety. Saphris was a miracle for me also. I&#039;ve been on disability for 10 years and this is the first medicine I&#039;ve taken that has made me functional.  Absolutely can&#039;t take it the morning; it makes me incoherent for about 3 hours and I eat everything in sight.  So I take all 20 mgs at night and am doing fine.  Have mouth sores, though. My doctor said to alternate between taking it sublingually, supra lingually and but ally and it&#039;s helping. "
"I&#039;ve been on Generess Fe for several months now. I went on it to alleviate pain from a small functional ovarian cyst and for the first couple months I totally forgot about the cyst, this past month has been slightly more painful but it still is a great remedy for functional cysts. I have very light periods, about every other month. I think my sex drive has gone down a little but it isn&#039;t that noticeable. I did have a scare when I went on some antibiotics that I realized made the birth control ineffective for the week, but it all ended well, so just be aware that there are some interactions. I went on this after being on Junel, which made me break out and get very nauseous. Generess has worked very well for me!"
"I have just begun taking Qsymia, still on 3.75 mg. In a month, I&#039;ve lost 14lbs. no exercise, but I did slightly change my eating habits. A lot of spinach salads, yogurt, ONLY water to drink.. Occasionally I still eat whatever my kids eat(junk) but it has really curbed my appetite and I&#039;ve had no real side effects so far.. Will be increasing to 7.75 this week. I am pleased so far."
"Blistered my toes ,really  bad .Has taken almost a month for the skin to stop peeling on my feet .
I seriously would not use this on any type of fungal irritation. It also did nothing other than more irritation for a ringworm .This product is more harmful than helpful."
"I suffered severe pain in the ankle from gout. The pain left within 2 hours of taking diclofenac sodium. It was my first time getting gout and a very painful experience. Will always use this medicine in future occurrences."
"I got liletta inserted six days ago. I would rate the pain for the insertion 6/10 but it wasn&#039;t that bad. I didn&#039;t feel them hold my cervix but the measuring and the insertion were reasonably uncomfortable. I felt super crampy the rest of the night but woke up the next morning feeling normal. Have spotted just a little. Tomorrow is will be fully effective. It&#039;s already much easier than remembering to take my pill every day. No other side effects."
"Have had anxiety for a few years but the last couple months it started taking over my life, couldnt go shopping cause id have a panic attack at the counter.My work life become unbearable, to the point i wouldnt go to work.So i started drinking to help me and it did at first. But the more i drank the more out of control my life become,Was like watching a slow moving car crash an i couldnt do anything.thats when i knew i needed help. Have been on 10ml escitalopram for 4 days now and i feel great woke this morning feeling like a cloud has been lifted, my anxiety lvl is 5 from a 10. So this drug might not be a miracle drug but its helping me live just that little bit better"
"My insomnia comes from anxiety issues when I try to sleep. I found that Ambien didn&#039;t make me sleepy but it did relax me enough to fall asleep. There are tons of stories floating around about strange behavior and I have my share. I found this only happens when I try to do things between ingestion and onset. Only take it when you are already in bed, relaxing, and attempting to fall alseep, and you shouldn&#039;t have any problems."
"I have suffered from moderate to severe acne. My doctor prescribed me this medication the first week of July 2015. I literally saw NO results until after 4 weeks. I told my dermatologist that it doesn&#039;t look like it really works for me BUT, he told me It usually takes 3-4 months to really see the improvement. Also, a week after I saw him I did see a HUGE improvement. I had a lot of bumps on my forehead and all around my chin. My face is very smooth now, just have a couple of scars. Nothing good makeup can&#039;t hide when I have to head out. I also avoid the sun as much as I can. Bc I started to notice my skin was getting flakey but I use a good moisturizer to get rid of that. I take one when I wake up and one before I go to bed."
"I find Nuvaring a good and convenient birth control, have been using it for the last 3 months. I am 37, two kids, married. I have tried all sorts of birth control over the years. It took a month for my cycle to settle (had the copper coil before), absolutely no negative side effects otherwise. If anything, my mood has actually slightly improved. No weight gain, skin good, sex drive the same. My husband can sometimes feel NuvaRing during sex, which is easily resolved by taking it out. I would take it out afterwards anyway to rinse. It is very easy to (re)insert.
I can&#039;t feel it when inserted, no problems when exercising (I am doing 1/2 marathons). 
For me (age group/hormone levels, lifestyle, etc) NuvaRing is very good."
"I hate medication. I avoid it because I&#039;m always afraid of side effects. I started on a low dose of this medication and gradually had it increased. It has no side effects to speak of. I simply found relief from the panicking and constant fear. It just made me  feel normal again. Listen to your doctor and don&#039;t self medicate. Take only what is prescribed and I believe you will feel better. I do."
"I was put on Ritalin 10mg three times a day, then on Concerta 27mg. I didn&#039;t have any side-effects until I went to 36mg and I was only losing my appetite. I went back down and it still is really helping my concentration. I finish my work on time and am able to work to a higher level of work."
"Destroyed my life. Took for 10 years for hair loss. Permanent E.D., zero libido (under any circumstances), viagra and the others have zero effect. Thought I was just getting older realized a decade later. Some MD&#039;s use this to feminize transexuals. Do not take it if you ever hope to have a sex life again."
"I have had a productive cough off and on for over 24 years (more on than off) have seen many ENTs, allergists, gastroenterologist and they say it is acid reflux.  I am on three acid blockers a day with no relief. The Elavil has STOPPED THE COUGH. I feel free and happy and so grateful that I read about the off label use of this medicine.  Thank you Elavil."
"Started taking phentermine, August 30, 2013. Weighed in at 219lbs. Weighed on Sept 4 at 212lbs. So it is working. I don&#039;t have a lot of energy. I was working out 2 to 3 days a week before I started. So today I&#039;m taking B12 supplement to see if that will help me. Overall it&#039;s okay and I need this weight off of me. It&#039;s not attractive."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for three and a half years now and it&#039;s been amazing.  I was on two other types of birth control before, nuva ring and another oral pill that drove me crazy, nausea, crazy mood swings, cramps, heavy periods, the works. It made me never want to go on BC again but I&#039;m so glad I gave it a second chance.

With Lo Loestrin Fe I haven&#039;t had any period, cramps, back ache, mood swings, decrease in sex drive, weight gain, or acne.  The only problem I&#039;ve had is that it seems to lessen my appetite so I try to make sure I eat before taking it otherwise I forget.

At first I was concerned that I wasn&#039;t getting my period but I talked to my Doctor and he said it was fine as long as I was comfortable with not having one."
"Was depressed with Psychologie and pains. Amitriptyline was prescribt. It is very good. Side effect are dry mouth and dizziness but works really"
"My husband and I celebrated one year smoke free on March 5, 2010.  Both of us were 30-year smokers, I smoked 2-3 packs a day and he smoked 1-2.  Chantix was the magic pill we&#039;d always joked about!  The only side effect we suffered was constipation (we know two other people who had the same easy experience, but two of my cousins had to stop because of vivid nightmares).  I feel very lucky that Chantix worked so well for us.  Neither of us has had any interest in smoking since we quit."
"Not quite sure why there is so much dissatisfaction with the new design....I was frustrated for about 30 seconds until I realized how easy it is to use.  There are several different brands and generics that have the exact same concentrate of the effective drug.  But I think, with the reasoning behind the new child-safety precautions, most if not all of them will continue with the new design.  Anyway, effective as always, no matter what brand I buy."
"Absolutely no side effects. I lost weight on this medication, however if you do not want to lose weight, talk to your psychiatrist and they can prescribe medications that can help you gain weight if you are underweight. 
This medication worked perfectly on my depression and I have not relapsed since I was weaned off it. No sexual side effects, it actually helped my sex life I am so happy I tried it."
"I started seeing a Psychiatrist about 2 weeks ago and since have been on Xanax XR 1mg everyday. Before that my primary care doc had me on 0.5 mg and only taking half to one a day. At some point I had to start asking for more and explaining that I needed to to take one at least twice a day because I was having multiple panic attacks everyday with every symptom of those you can possible have. My life was miserable until Xanax XR came along. I take it a noon as it seems I am okay until then and it wears off about 8pmish. I know I have only been taking it a couple weeks but its been a life saver for me. I feel normal again...for myself at least."
"Took my first dose last night before dinner. I have always had a poor appetite &amp; have had to force myself to eat a meal or two through out the day before actually feeling hunger pains at dinner time. After the 5mg dose last night I started feeling &quot;high&quot; after about 30 minutes. About an hour later I started hallucinating &amp; having paranoia about dying. I had my husband take me to the hospital. I was given Ada-van to relax me &amp; are still feeling some of the effects today. It&#039;s like the absolute worst hangover ever. The ER Doctor said that maybe 5% of the population would have this sort of reaction to it &amp; I just so happen to have been in that 5%. :/"
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy about a month ago. I don&#039;t like taking pills but falling asleep at work at 8 am is just not acceptable. I was prescribed the 150mg and my insurance pays for it. There is a discount program offered by some pharmacies (using Walmart). My doctor gave me some information about it and I only paid $10. It is supposed to save $50 each month.
My experience with the pill itself is mostly positive. I finally feel like I can actually pursue my dreams and goals and won&#039;t have to compromise on less because I am too tired to go for it. I also have the side effect of dry mouth though and on the 3rd day of full dosage, I get a bad headache. Because of that, I take only half on some days and most weeks don&#039;t take any on Sunday."
"I got the Implanon 6 weeks after my son was born and I have to say that I am loving it! It was almost painless, last for 3 years and I don&#039;t have to try and remember to take a pill everyday. I had not read any reviews before I chose to go with the Implanon, but I have had previous family and in-laws that have had it and they said that they loved it so I figured I would give it a shot. I have not had any weight gain or side effects except for some food cravings every now and then. My periods have almost completely stopped in the 2 months that I have had the Implanon. I am very pleased with this birth control and would recommend it to anybody who has kids and have things to do other than worry about a pill everyday or a shot every few months!"
"I was on this birth control pill for 10-11 months. It caused me to have periods during week 2 of the pills, vaginal dryness!, a lot of hair loss &amp; breakage, really bad embarrassing acne, weight gain, bloating, constant infections, PMS symptoms, etc. I kept going to my OBGYN thinking I had cancer or something was broken. She told me to keep taking them. No way. I quit taking them 2 weeks ago and I feel better already. I&#039;m just afraid it might&#039;ve done some fertility damage. Time to find a new obgyn and stay off of birth control pills because the side effects aren&#039;t worth it! Just will track my ovulation &amp; avoid sex on those days. It&#039;s sad obgyns tell you to stay on pills with all these negative side effects, they don&#039;t truly care."
"This medication is excellent! I have had horrible angioedema (a type of urticaria where the hives form under the skin) since I was ten years old from an autoimmune disease and have gone through several different medications, but this once has worked the most effectively. And I can tell how well it works because when I forget to take it, the hives show up within about 12 hours after the missed dose and once I remember to take the missed dose, within about two hours, it feels as though I never had angioedema at all."
"Qsymia works for me. It is true. It makes you thirsty and makes diet soft drinks taste like brake fluid. Totally kills my craving for sweets. The good news, I was closing in on the 300lbs mark...less than two months later, almost at 260 lbs. I am a weight watcher so I have an accurate record of my weight loss. Also, I go to my local YMCA and workout six days a week."
"Although I think it is great that people read up on medications that they take, I cannot stress enough how important it is to make sure this medication is prescribed by a doctor who has examined you, knows your biology and knows what meds you should take. Too many people lose their lives taking meds not prescribed for them, or mixing with otc meds or drinking alcohol. Be safe. This drug worked great for my back pain.  I am glad my doctor chose it for me."
"ok...its been 30 days and all is well....yes,  ive had some ups and downs...anxiety attacks, fever,  insomnia, stomach &amp; headaches...but over all i feel great....ive learned that taking my meds earlier than bedtime is better for me &amp; also that the side effects seem to be nonexistent when im well hydrated.......(*DRINK PLENTY OF WATER....)"
"I am on day nine of ten taking Moxifloxacin HCL 400mg per day for pneumonia.  I still cough up a white mucus with a slight rattle in my chest.  I sleep using a Cpac and hope the last pill will clear out the rattle and mucus.  The only side effect I had was constipation."
"I felt like utter crap the next day, after taking this drug.  This experience was repeated until I threw it out.  It may work for some, but it definitely made me feel awful the next day, as if I had zero energy, depersonalized, like a zombie - just out of it.  I could tell it definitely worked on some part of the brain that affects alertness."
"I have suffered with abnormally heavy menstrual bleeding for my entire reproductive life - starting with my very first period at age 12. I am now 48 and had the Mirena inserted two years ago as I could no longer tolerate birth control pills. It has been wonderful, I do still get periods but they are short and light with no cramping. Who knew that regular tampons would be useful? Yesterday I went for a check-up and my hemoglobin count was 14. The best I had ever achieved before this was 11. My doctor said that for the first time in my life I could now donate blood instead of wondering if I may need a transfusion. Go Mirena!"
"Kineret works great for my Schnitzler&#039;s Syndrome.  It can hurt when injected but if I warm it up to room temperature by letting it sit out for a while or hold the syringe in my hand to warm it up, it hurts A LOT less."
"Took it for bronchitis -- worked like a charm. Took it in pill form cause cough medicine makes me vomit.  It did the job but doctors frown against prescribing it because of its make up. It does work -- when you can get a doctor to prescribe it.  They will try 10 other things before finally prescribing this and it shouldn&#039;t be that way."
"I used Alli  for about three weeks .  I didn&#039;t notice it helping me lose  weight faster than I can with a weight watchers program . It did increase my bowel movements. I did have some stomach discomfort and gas. I stopped using it at the end of the third week because I went out to dinner and took my pill with my meal  and it made me extremely ILL.  Vomiting and  Diarrhoea  for over eight hours !!!  I would not recommend this product to anybody !!!  Weight watchers is working out very well for me .  Eating healthy and exercise is the only way to go, there is no magic pill!!!  I had to find out the hard way !"
"I started getting really bad headaches at a young age but never thought it was anything serious until I became pregnant and they became worse. I tried everything from Excedrine migraine to Aleve. About 9 months ago my doctor gave me a sample of Treximet and I had my doubts but it actually worked. The only side effect that I had was a burning feeling in my nose, but the pain was gone and I could deal with that."
"Yasmin changed my life!

For the past year or so I started breaking out due to hormones (it only happened the week before my period) &amp; getting HORRIBLE PMS. About 2-3 days before my period, I would get very irritable and grouchy, to the point where it affected my work and social life.

I went to my doctor with these problems &amp; she recommended Yasmin.

The first 6wks or so, it was horrible. I broke out even more, gained about 10-15lbs, &amp; that led to a slight depression. But people told me that is just what happens when your hormones adjust to new birth control?

I&#039;m really glad I stuck through because my acne is now completely gone and my PMS levels have decreased by at least 75%, feeling SO much better!"
"My doctor did the genesight test and this was on the green list. Ive been on prozac since I was  18 and it was on the yellow list. I&#039;ve had bipolar disorder since I was 13. This medicine makes me feel like what I felt when I was on antipsychotics. I don&#039;t like this at all. Maybe I need to give it a chance but I don&#039;t like this feeling at all!!!"
"I have Factor V Leiden, Prothrombin Mutation, Protein C Deficiency. Injected twice-daily, subcutaneously while pregnant. Injections were taken in the abdominal area, twice daily, for the duration of pregnancy. Regular treatments were warfarin (Coumadin) while not pregnant. Needles were not very big, but left a lot of bruising because of the thin blood, but that is to be expected with any blood thinner injection. Last month of pregnancy I used heparin injections, I was told they leave the body faster than Lovenox. Just in case of spontaneous labor."
"I was a failing student, failing math 2 times. In my junior year of high school I took Adderall for the first time, on the first day of the school year. The first day of taking it was astonishing. I was very concentrated in math class, and that&#039;s not it, I had a desire to learn once I got into class. My grades improved to the high 90 percentiles, which I never thought I&#039;d accomplish. But there are side effects to taking Adderall. For me it&#039;s dizziness for about an hour in, headaches on occasion, and being very sleepy around afternoon. I urge parents who have kids with ADD/ADHD to let your kids try it out for a month. It might save their futures. You can skip doses as much as you like, so I don&#039;t take it on summer break or weekends."
"Best thing ever invented. I had gout nine months ago and let it run the course for about two weeks. Almost killed me. I did All home remedies and everything you found on the net. This time I awoke and could not walk. I knew what was wrong. I hopped to the doctors office and he agreed and gave me the prescription for methylpredinsoline two hours after taking the pills I started feeling better. The next day no pain and I could walk. BEST MEDICINE EVER. THANK YOU WHOEVER FOUND THIS."
"This pill has so far prevented pregnancy successfully, even with missing occasionally.  The irregular periods do provide quite the scare but I&#039;m thankful for something during this breastfeeding stage.  Since I exercise, I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain or significant side effects after the first few days of taking it."
"I got my Nexplanon 11/21/14 and my nonstop bleeding started January and haven&#039;t stopped since. First it was heavy for one week then light then heavy for two week now its just spotting and I think its about to go off but I can never be sure...just ready for it to go off because I&#039;m tired of buying pads."
"I had a Radical Prostatectomy at age 50. It left me impotent for about 3 years, but I lost about 60 lbs and I&#039;ve been swimming for 2 years now. 

Levitra has help me achieve a strong erection when paired with the right stimuli. Some times the side effects are horrible in the form of a very bad head ache and other times it is hardly noticeable. 

I must be physically fit enough for sex or my conservative Chinese doctor would not have prescribed it. Since I had cancer in even core of the prostate, the surgery was extensive. I though I was sexually doomed after the surgery, but cardiovascular exercise has helped me tremendously. The nerves are damaged but increasing the health of the circulatory system has benefited my ED condition. It helps!"
"Upon taking sulfasalazine I experienced a severe headache, dizziness, bruising on my feet and legs, chills, blood shot eyes, pain in my joints, hives and swelling in my face and neck. The headache became so bad I could not get out of bed."
"My husband and I tried having children for 7 years and nothing happened. We got tested and found out that I had polycystic ovaries.  The asked us what sort of help we wanted and I said clomid, and just on the 4th pill I got pregnant. I took it 1 day after I got married."
"Was on Celexa but came off because of horrible side effects such as lack of focus, and EXTREME memory loss. I suffered in class because of this, I could not retain anything I learned and it didn&#039;t make me feel happy, just numb. I stopped it a few years ago. Started 10mg Viibryd a couple months ago and I feel happier, more focused and more ambitious than ever, I use it along side Vistaril for anxiety and Its incredible. For how bad of a rep it gets, its been a life changer for me. I am doing amazing in school now and I just generally feel right all the time now. Occasional brain zaps at night but they are infrequent. The payoff of this medicine is just too great to let a couple minor side effects stop me from taking it."
"After having my prostrate removed, I could not get an erection.  Viagra and Cialis did not work.  The next step was injections, which the Dr. recommended Edex.  The injection was painless and I had a great erection.  I had an erection for 6 hours, which I have to tell you, it is not a pleasure, but after reducing the dose in half it&#039;s much better.  I highly recommend Edex.  The Dr. gave me an Edex card, which took care of the co-pay and ended up costing me nothing."
"I&#039;m a 23 year old college student and Viibryd has been great! I have always had anxiety problems, which were left untreated for quite some time, until I got put on this medication. Before, I found myself at a general loss of interest not only in school, but in life, to where I reached the point that I could not focus effectively. The greater problem was that I would grow severely anxious when I thought about all the tasks and assignments I had to complete, and would eventually leave things at a disarray. After being on this medication now for about two months, things are really looking on the bright side, which I have not experienced any of the negative side effects associated to this medicine."
"I&#039;ve only been on phentermine 37.5 since June 23, 2015.  My starting weight was 220 at 5&#039;5&quot; and this morning I weighed in at 214.8.  I take it every morning as soon as I get up in the morning with 1-2 cups of water.  It does make me really thirsty (so I have been drinking more water) and the first few days, my sleep was so off and I felt really jittery. I have definitely noticed that I don&#039;t eat as much. Even if I try to eat a lot, I feel bad so I don&#039;t try much :)  I try to attend boot camp 1-3 times a week.  I can&#039;t wait to see results within the next week and days to come."
"Just started taking sertraline, same day right away I felt weird, my head started to hurt. Felt like sunburn, numbness, pain but then also keep getting major anxiety with it so I took Advil with it. Called my doctor he said that those were all normal side effects that would disappear in a couple of weeks but pain is awful."
"I have been taking this medicine every morning for the past six months and it has reduced by blood pressure from 155/105 to 138/88.  It has a Beta-blocker and makes me feel calmer shortly after taking it.  Although, I find it harder to get going with my cardiovascular exercise.  My doctor recently added an additional drug, amlodipine (calcium channel blocker) to my treatment regimen.  My heart rate went down to a constant 42 beats per minute, which made me very tired and dizzy."
"It definitely helped with cramping and diarrhea but I still did have the occasional episode of diarrhea. However, after 5 months I&#039;m back to where I started. I don&#039;t know how I feel about having to take an antibiotic every 5 months or if thats even recommended/safe."
"My doctor prescribed 50mg of Seroquel for insomnia and it worked well for about 3 years.  I then had to up the dose to 100mg and it caused me to have restless leg syndrome.  It is a great medicine for insomnia for the short term, not so for long term."
"I had perioral dermatitis, literally came out of nowhere, originally thought it was a pimple, then the next day just all around my mouth to the point where it hurt to talk, I left it for another day avoiding people, then the next day it got even worse, that is when I panicked. I could barely talk, eating was out of the question (thank God for Ensure and protein shakes). The doctor prescribed Keflex for me, 500mg, four times a day for ten days. It seriously worked wonders. Now I am back on this medication again for the same thing 8 months later, my doctor has no idea what causes it and apparently neither does Google. Anyways, I feel I can rest easy knowing I am on this product again and that it will be cleared up within the 10 days."
"Wonderful drug, after being on narcotics for years I had no energy at all. Surgeries and other treatment for most of the pain but could not get energy back until trying Vyvanse. Truly feels as though I am 15 years younger. Has given my life back to me and therefore I can give to my kids again. Ritalin did little for me."
"Tension Headache.  I had taken 10 mg 3x day for years with no results.  In titrating up to 20 mg 4x per day I have had miraculous results in relieving daily tension headaches. No side effects. Highly recommended."
"I have been on Belviq for a week. I have not had any side effects and I&#039;ve lost 7lbs. It&#039;s been a great motivator.  I check in next week to give more update."
"I have RSI in the wrist. I have been doing the streching exercise shown to me by my physio therapist as well as using Volt.  I get No relief using it at all. Its just an expensive useless smelly cream in my experience."
"It&#039;s annoying to pull money out of your pocket to buy little things like this because of a little accident or a little overthinking/hesitation. If you&#039;re starting to hesitate whether or not the guy has finished inside of you and you just have a gut feeling that he did. Take the pill. Mistakes happen so stop calling yourself stupid. 

I took Aftera about 10 hours after intercourse. The condom ended up breaking and I just wanted to be safe. Aftera is usually $10 cheaper than Plan B. Anyway, I took it and the only side effects I got were cramping and a slight headache but they were both manageable and nothing too bad.  Both subsided within 2 and a half hours. Got my period on the day it was supposed to."
"On week 6 of Trintellix 10 mg and it is finally starting to work. My depression was severe and it is finally starting to subside. This medication for me was very slow acting but had little to no side effects. It also hasn&#039;t done much for my anxiety issues but I&#039;m not sure its suppose too. Will probably give it 2 more weeks and then request an increase to 20 mg. With a coupon of course. Super expensive without one."
"I was suffering from acute anxiety in addition to my psychotic disorder(from illicit drug use) I would get this anxiety all day long and I couldn&#039;t take it any more so I spoke to my doctor and he put me on Zoloft 25mg. Its a tiny pill but it has made a huge difference in my anxiety level. I also practice meditation every morning to augment the Zoloft and that&#039;s definitely helped too. For those that want to know I practice observational meditation( simply observe and note changes in how I&#039;m feeling and attempt to silence the negativity). The only reason that I didn&#039;t give this medication a 10 was because of the sexual side effects. I have no sex drive and have extreme difficulty climaxing as well as maintaining an erection."
"I started using Differin last January in 2016. It was prescribed by my dermatologist together with antibiotics, and I have to say - it&#039;s the best ever! 

I don&#039;t know if it was because of the antibiotics, but my acne healed in less than three months and the only thing I had to worry about was the scars. 

The only (common) side effect I had was dry, scaly skin. Doctor told me it was fine during our second checkup, so he gave me moisturiser. (Side note: I&#039;ve been moisturising my face since young but I didn&#039;t dare to aggravate my skin so I stopped) 

And I love the fact that Differin does not discolour clothings and bedsheets. Before this I was using Duac, it was also beneficial to my acne but it discoloured my favourite bedsheet horribly!"
"Ive had asthma since I was 5 and now I&#039;m 42. I&#039;ve always only used rescue inhalers for most of it and since I&#039;ve taken this 1x a day I rarely ever use my inhaler and I&#039;m never short of breath. It&#039;s apparent that this is not for everyone as I&#039;ve read some reviews. I have been taking it for 3 months and have never had any side effects. I&#039;m a fan.....actually was given a free 12 month prescription for this and that alone saved me $50-100 a month I&#039;m guessing!"
"If you just started Lexapro and are considering quitting because of the side effects - don&#039;t! Trust me. Wait it out. It gets so much better. The first month I took Lexapro, I was extremely nauseous and anxious, and couldn&#039;t sleep at night. I&#039;ve been on it now for six months and feel like a completely new, better person. The only side effect I experience is occasional drowsiness. I can sleep at night, I have no sexual side effects, and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. Also: Do NOT taper off this medicine without consulting your Doctor first and having him/her help you through it. If you take yourself off it (especially cold turkey) it will be horrible for you. Be smart and stay strong. The good definitely outweighs the bad."
"Started Phentermine 37.5mg about 10 days ago. Weight 199LB and 5&rsquo;8. MD suggested due to health problems aNd impaired mobility. Week one I lost 5 lbs and only took the pill 2 days, skip a day, one pill, and skip a day again.
I could barely eat bites of food... that&rsquo;s why I staggered the dose. I was only extremely thirsty and felt  &ldquo;off&rdquo; so I&rsquo;d force myself to eat fruit, or something small. 
I really want the weight off but I know diet and exercise are a must... No magic pill....just short term booster.
I do exercise 3 x week light low impact. I plan to work hard with healthy eating, exercise, and this pill as needed.
I&rsquo;m thankful for the assistance, but realistically learning to have healthy habits is key"
"I have always had excessive sweating and body odour because of that and always been looking for medication for this. Tried so many Deodorants include Mitchum and they did not seem to work at all. I put this on for 2 nights continously and I was surprised at the results! It really works! Although it may seem a little expensive but it&#039;s worth the price."
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for under three weeks now and it&#039;s been pretty great so far. I suffer from severe general and social anxiety and also depression. 
I started on 10mg for the first four days, then upped to 20mg on the fifth day. 

I noticed slight results after day four and to this day the over thinking and gut wrenching anxiety has been lessened. I have no depression anymore and it&#039;s close to impossible to care about stressful situations.

I&#039;m well aware it can take up to two months for Lexapro to fully take effect, however I feel the positive benefits already.
Definitely something worth a try! Especially if you have anxiety and depression that is out of control. 

Besides the side effects, which are slowly fading away, Lexapro is great"
"I have never felt as well on any other medicine or been able to keep my sugar level as consistent as it is now through out the day."
"I hope this helps some girls freaking out about getting their period and wondering if Plan B really works. I had a condom slip with my boyfriend a couple days before I ovulated and I am not on birth control (I will be now) and after four weeks I got my period early and no side effects. For all those of your girls freaking out after reading reviews on this I really felt better and now I hope I can do the same. Good luck and stay safe ladies!"
"Was prescribed this because apparently, I have insomnia coupled with anxiety. I tend to get hot at night and wake up sweaty multiple times at night and never can quite fall back asleep. Did not notice anything the first night but I did the following nights. Sleep quality has improved immensely. I can easily fight off the drowsiness, but as a reminder, it is supposed to be an aid. It feels like taking a Nyquil or a Benadryl."
"Hey ladies. So with my husband, I had used plan b a couple days ago, about 15 hrs after. Now I&#039;m not going to know quite yet wether it works til I&#039;m due for my period around the 20th of July.. but I&#039;m not too concerned as Im not ovulating quite yet. And the only side effect, still is off and on nausea. But I see some people saying the pill won&#039;t work. Some insight.. if Ur ovulating, and have unprotected sex, u obviously have a high chance of pregnancy. With or without this pill. If you read, this pill is supposed to postpone/prevent ovulation so u can&#039;t become pregnant. Therefore, if u do have sex while ovulation, and want to take the pill, it&#039;s risky, but should be taken right after, otherwise may not work. Just a suggestion :)"
"I have been on Topamax for about 6 months for Migraines.  I take 50mg per day.  I am written to take 25mg morning and night but I take it all at night, which works better for me.  I have not had a single migraine since starting Topamax therapy and  I find it helps to stabilize my mood in conjunction with Effexor XR.  I also have cyclothemia.  I have also lost 45 pounds with this medication.  I have not noticed horrible side effects with exception of some tingling in my lower extremities, but it is not that bad and far less worse than the migraines I once suffered on a weekly basis.  I am very pleased with Topamax.  I refused to take Depakote because of weight gain and its effect on the liver."
"I was prescribed this to help alleviate my PMDD (severe depression associated with my hormones fluctuating around my menstrual cycle) and extreme menstrual cramps. I am at the end of week three of my first pack and the whole experience has been horrific. CLOSELY MONITOR YOURSELF when taking this if you have a history of depression and anxiety. I&#039;ve been crying several times a day and have slept a full night in two weeks. I&#039;ve felt more suicidal than I have in years and came close to checking myself into the hospital because my lows have been so severe. After talking to my SO today, it was confirmed that my mood has been greatly altered since beginning this medication. I have cramps everyday and am bleeding sooner and longer than normal."
"Was prescribed 20mg. TERRIBLE night horrors and sleep paralysis. Only taken two nights and I will never take it again.
I have no idea why nightmares aren&#039;t listed as a side effect. I don&#039;t know how this is an approved drug either."
"This medicine works well for me as a sleep agent and also reduces the itching from mosquito bites.  However, I have to be careful when I take it because it seems to last for a couple of days. The &quot;withdrawal&quot; from it the next day includes increased pain."
"Before the first week was up and before I even increased my dosage, I went from smoking almost 2 packs a day to less than 5.  When I tried to avoid smoking altogether right away, I had very bad headaches and a little achy.  I think it does help to taper down some so your body can adjust to the change of nicotine levels.  I have tried many times and many methods to quit smoking.  Zyban is by far the best."
"This pill works wonders. It&#039;s been a couple of weeks and I can definitely see significant improvement in the overall health of my nails! I would recommend this given that liver functions are normal before taking this."
"I have been talking Vyvanse for just a week. 40mg. The first 3 days I couldn&#039;t sit down. I cleaned my house and my parents. Not just cleaned but extra clean, like walls and moving furniture and everything. But now it has faded a little. I noticed right away that when I am doing stuff, its like I really concentrate and try perfection for everything. My appetite has been curved, but I still eat. But no where like I did before. So far I lost 4pds. It&#039;s been almost a week. I don&#039;t get any feeling of jitters, or that I&#039;m taking speed. I feel normal, I just want to do stuff. I&#039;m more social. I always stayed in my home, but now I just want to go out. It&#039;s very nice feeling. I have no problems sleeping either, but I also take it as soon as I wake up"
"Horrible cream.  It makes you more itch. I would not recommend monsitat for anyone. Don&#039;t waste your time and money for this product.
Thanks"
"I was Rxd clonodine for my severe hypertension at .2 three times a day and it helped TREMENDOUSLY with my blood pressure AND my methadone taper. I also take Metoprol... So far it&#039;s working great!"
"I have been stuck in prodromal labor for over two weeks, and after a lot of talking into and lack of sleep, I agreed with my midwife to try 1mg (only half of the normal dose) of stadol with zofran to ensure that I get some rest. Not only did I not rest, but my contractions got stronger (still not productive) and more painful, the room was spinning, and I still threw up for the duration. It kicked up contractions to 2 minutes long with only 30 seconds in between on top of of the vomiting and dizziness. Not to mention that I became very difficult to deal with and talk to at this point. It made a bad and emotionally trying day even worse. I will never use or recommend this drug."
"I have very few side effects. This medication is helping me for depression and anxiety. I fell a positive difference after 4 weeks."
"I have been taking fluvoxamine since 1995. For me it is a miracle. I had two major bouts of depression 12 years apart, took every medicine my doctor could find. This medicine was the only one to help me be fine every since."
"I was tested for MTHFR genetic mutations after several years of fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue type symptoms. BINGO! I have compound heterozygous mutations. Which can cause whole host of health issues, many I have been experiencing since youth.  Once I started 7.5mg of Deplin with Methyl b12 my aches, brain fog, and unrelenting fatigue started to diminish..this is a life changer!"
"I have had two doses.  My doctor (and myself and my family) are very happy with the progress thus far.  I am a 38 year old mother of three and am so thankful for this medication.  My doctor hopes to start weaning me off methotrexate in the next few months.  I applied for the patient care plan and have had no problems with it.  I picked up my first dose last month at the pharmacy without any glitches.  Almost all swelling and pain is gone.  I noticed that it fades a bit the last week before my next dose.  We&#039;ll see how it goes this month.  Still, leaps and bounds better than taking three different kinds of medicines!  Thank you Simponi."
"I have reoccuring respiratory infections, bronchitis...I had a very trying case last year with an abnormally persistent cough.  Tessalon perles was prescribed for the cough.  It was a God send!  Worked so well!  I have recommended it to everyone who has complained about coughing.  Very, very effective for me."
"At 25 i started taking celexia. When I became pregnant less then a year later I noticed it not working any more. Then after my daughter was born I noticed a huge difference. My doctor perscribed my cymbalta, starting at 30mg and finally leveling out at 90mg. This is the best I have ever felt and have now been taking it for almost 5 years. A year ago I tried to lower my dosage (through my doctor of course) and with in the week noticed a huge difference, I was more irritable, less patient, and more anxiety. And when I dont take it for a few days my head pounds, I feel nausious, and not like my self at all. At the end of the day the good out ways the bad. Although I do wish they were not so expensive but how can you put a price on feeling normal?"
"i have suffered with anxiety and insomina for 15 years..trazadone with mirtazapine has changed my life for the better..i give it a 10 outa 10.."
"I am 67 years old and was diagnosed with Crohns at age 50. I have taken Pentasa for 16 years. I took 4x250mg three times daily and experienced chest pains. I cut it to 3x250x3times daily and that took care of the chest pains. I am a fairly petite woman so that could be a factor. I have had flare-ups but generally have done great. I tired cutting back myself and each time had severe pain, vomiting etc. I now know not to cut back. I hope to continue on Pentasa."
"Nice dose counter"
"Relax, if your reading this! The pill worked after I bought it for my gf. She got her period on the expected day and may have been a day earlier honestly! I was on pins and needs for 2 weeks but it came! Thank to Lord and pray! The pill does wonders! Good luck!!!"
"I had the mirena since 4 th june 2015, im 45, and had 12days of light spotting, and the odd headache now and then, and feel really good, i dont feel depresed, i would highly recomend the mirena!  You read all these stories, but everyone is different , so, far, so good!"
"To DIVERGIRL

Just bring your rx to another pharmacy and don&#039;t give them any insurance info...tell them u don&#039;t have any and you only have the coupon card..it shouldn&#039;t cost you more than 60-70$"
"I was given one Valium tablet 20mins before my Lasik eye surgery and another one for later that day. It completely relaxed me for my procedure and on top of that acted as a very strong pain killer. Obviously it was used in conjunction with local anesthetic eye drops."
"I have been taking Ultram (brand) for 7 years for the management of chronic neuropathy pain in my arms, legs, hands, and feet, and I wouldn&#039;t change it for anything.  Non-addictive, effective 90% of the time, it&#039;s a rare day when the pain exceeds the drug&#039;s ability to control it. Yes, there is some occasional residual background discomfort; with chronic pain that&#039;s to be expected.  However, as long as I can function normally without a lot of adverse side effects and addiction, I&#039;m a happy camper.  Please note this is for the brand Ultram. I had serious issues with the generic (with the fillers, I think), and do not recommend generic at all."
"I take 1mg/daily. So far it is very effective, I tend to be able to be more relaxed and can sleep with clear and peaceful thoughts where I used to be laying in bed 20 minutes thinking too much.  But seems not to do much for my social anxiety. Overall, pretty effective."
"I used to pay $75 without insurance for this cream because it worked so well. I used it so sparingly like it was gold, but it could clear my face in just 1-3 days. Last time I tried to get it the price had gone up to $140 and the pharmacist said it had been discontinued. I moved to the UK and couldn&#039;t find anyone who had heard of it. Just by a fluke I was on Amazon recently (Oct 2015) and saw a 10% sulpher soap advertised on the side. When I searched for it, I found several types for under $7.50 for a BIG 200g bar. They also had a cream. My face was very swollen and red from being in the sun and lots of humidity I think. Within 3 days of using the soap twice a day followed by the cream my face was completely clear! Love it!"
"I have had Irritable Bowel Syndrome-chronic constipation since 2001. I have been to hell and back. Been in the hospital SEVERAL times for being so &quot;backed up&quot;. I have been on several different meds and OTC things for constipation. My gastro doc finally told me one of the reasons I suffer gas (can&#039;t burp) is because of being backed up. She put me on Miralax LONG term. I take it once a day. If you suffer or know anyone that does get on Miralax and never be without it."
"Was able to get a prescription within 48 hours of my flu symptoms. Horrible body aches, headache, sore throat, cough, fever, and chills. The stuff has really worked!  My symptoms were reduced considerably including my fever after two dosages. I have not had any of the other problems mentioned in these reviews at this time,  well into day two of taking the pills twice a day. Although I had absolutely no appetite, I made sure I ate a little something with the pill.  This may be partially why I have not had digestive issues, I really have not been eating.  Other than a little bit with the pill twice a day."
"I am 31 years old male and currently taking 100mg once a day. I have taken doxy 3 years ago for 4 months and it definitely worked like a miracle back then. I am glad my skin stayed fine for 3 years!! Sad part is..its back again! I never had any side effects especially if you are having plenty of fluids and not mixing with other supplements such as Iron and multivits tablets. In the beginning I felt as if my skin was more responsive to hot and cold temperatures but it&#039;s gone now. I would highly recommend doxy to all suffering from mild to severe acnes BUT you have to be patient to see it working!"
"I have been taking Wellbutrin XL for so many years that I can&#039;t remember when I started it.  It has been the only med that has really worked for me.  I tried generic bupropion and cannot take it because it upsets my stomach and does not have the same effect on my mood or emotions.  

Now I am in a quandry.  In March I go on Medicare and was already told that Medicare will not pay for Wellbutrin.  I don&#039;t know what to do.  For about 2 years I have been getting it through the manufacturer&#039;s discount program, but once I go on Medicare, I can&#039;t get it through the manufacturer either.  This really stinks!  I hope someone has a solution because I cannot afford $1,500/month for a prescription!"
"I was on the progestin only pill for 10 months &amp; pretty much hated it. Had to be on it because I couldn&#039;t have any birth control that contained estrogen due to a family history of bloodclots. The POP was effective yes, but I had crazy mood swings, acne, low sex drive, &amp; gave me vaginal dryness, which made sex extremely painful. My gyno had been trying to get me to try the IUD for almost a year, so I decided to try it since I about had it with that pill. I went in today for my insertion. I had some issues because my cervix was tight, and I have an introverted uterus. She had to use the sonogram to help place it correctly. So what should have been a 5 min procedure took 20 min. It was painful, but bearable. Just felt like period cramps. "
"I was told to take this 40 years ago, but didn&#039;t like the taste/texture.  My pain and diarrhea got so bad I started taking 1 scant tablespoon a day and I have no more pain and only rare diarrhea.  I wish I had started using it years ago."
"This medicine is allowing me to focus on what is important. Started on 50mg, had feelings of euphoria for the first couple of days, then a few of the regular side effects such as little sleep, nausea and suicidal ideation, which eventually all passed. I also had bloodshot eyes for a while, most likely due to lack of sleep and working night shift. 
I have gone up to 100mg as I was feeling anxiety effects in the evening and had started taking one at night as well as in the morning. 
I am not worrying about the smaller things, important events still cause me some anxiety but I am able to tackle them with a clearer mind instead of the anxiety crippling my ability for action. 
I can tell this medication will help me get my priorities in order."
"I was very sceptical that an anti-depressant would help with my persistent burning mouth syndrome. My symptoms were severe, burning tongue, roof of the mouth, and throat. After many tests and no results, my doctor suggested amitriptyline. It worked almost immediately, and after two weeks, almost all the pain is gone.
The side effects are minimal, dry mouth and disturbed dreams which seem to have diminished after a month or so. It&#039;s worth it for me."
"The only medicine that works on my bronchitis I&#039;ve tried others and suffered more. For me it starts working in 2 days. No side effects for me just relief. I love it. But I really need to quit smoking. I wouldn&#039;t get it so often, get it at least 2 times a year."
"As all above have written I too got reoccurring urinary tract infections. Would do everything I was told, take antibiotics, but it just went on and on. My doctor gave me Hiprex bottle of 100, needed a script for the big bottle, told me stay on it for 10 to 20 days then lower to 1 a day for a week or stop if I felt okay. Within 24hrs the urgency that bothered me most was gone, that was a year ago, today I woke after past 48hrs stressed rushing round nothing to drink and have the start of a UTI so I just took my 1st Hiprex and will take it for 10 days and see how I go."
"I have been abusing opiates for the past two or so years, taking about 130mg of hydrocodone a day.  Today I went to a medical doctor and told him what&#039;s going on. I was too scared to tell my doctor because I didn&#039;t want the information in my chart. I broke down and told him the reason I was there because withdrawals suck. For me, the restless legs at night, not able to sleep, fatigued during the day. Anyway, he prescribed Clonidine and Vistaril and signed me up for a Psych appt for Suboxone next week. I&#039;m deathly afraid to come off.  Tomorrow will be my first day trying this to see if I can before work Monday."
"I have been taking amitriptyline on and off for over three years after a serious road accident, where my pelvis was crushed and I suffered major nerve damage. It really really works, but I am trying to get off it permanently because of the side effects. It helps with pain and sleep, which are my two biggest complaints, but the side effects of constipation, dry mouth and a weight gain of 50 pounds (from 120 to 170) are really quite terrible, especially when taken in connection with other side effect causing drugs. I would be very careful about taking this drug. It&#039;s very important to weigh the costs vs benefits. Since I was a trauma patient, I didn&#039;t have much choice in the matter and I am still living with the consequences."
"I used Boniva I.V. once. Had flu like symptoms, headache, runny nose, watery eyes, chest pain and achy hips. Wont take it again!"
"I&#039;m 26, and i&#039;ve been on this BC for a little over 6 months now. I have nothing bad to say about it, because I&#039;ve had the most positive experience on BC than any of the other dozen BC&#039;s I&#039;ve tried in my life. I got it 6 weeks after having my beautiful princess. Since then, my sex drive hasn&#039;t changed, my skin is clearer, I&#039;ve lost weight, i don&#039;t have mood swings (but we all have bad days...) , I haven&#039;t had a period, and i&#039;ve never had to remember to take a damn pill!! #victoryismine"
"Mirena IUD was the best decision I ever made. It gave me my life back. I almost lost my job due to extremely debilitating periods. I bled on and off for the first 3 months and still had some cramps. By 6 months my period had almost disappeared. I&#039;ve had the IUD for 4 years now and I&#039;ll be lining up for another one in 12 months time."
"I had acne towards the end of middle school going into high school and by my sophomore year it was really a full blown problem. My cheeks and my forehead and almost every part of my face was covered in acne. After trying antibiotics and creams for 2 years I was recommended Accutane. The first 4 months I did not see that much in results but when the 5th month hit it was intense. My face cleared up right away and I look like a completely different person! It was amazing. There were downsides though, the depression that it causes is real. I have been off the medication now for 3 1/2 years with my skin still looking great."
"This medicine completely helped my vulvodynia.  At my worst before the medication, I was in constant burning pain and could not sit down for extended periods of time. Nortriptyline started working for me after about two weeks. At first I was a little dizzy and very sleepy. I did have more constipation. But the sleepy/dizzy feeling did wear off, and I was so happy to have the edge taken off the pain, I didn&#039;t mind the side effects. I was on it for about 10 years with minimal pain flareups. I am doing better now. The pain is not completely gone, but nortriptyline was the answer I needed."
"I have been using the patch for just under 6 months now and I love it! I like it SO much more than the pill. Easier to remember and I just feel so much more protected. Something that I found interesting was I tried 3 different pills and had bad side effects with all of them. I haven&#039;t had one single issue since I&#039;ve switched to the patch. I highly recommend!!!!"
"I fail to comprehend why trimipramine is not prescribed more by doctors as I have found it to be the best tricyclic on the market.
I am diagnosed with personality disorder, bi-polar condition, PTSD, anxiety and depression. I take Venlafaxine 375mg, Quetiapine 300mg, Trimipramine 200mg and Diazepam 20mg.  
I have been mentally unwell for around 45 years and I have found that Trimipramine is the best tablet for sedation and insomnia, and it gives me enormous relief generally speaking.
The only negative side is a very dry mouth, and I visit my dentist more frequently as the dry mouth can cause teeth decay."
"This pill slows my heart down and relaxes me. I actually feel calm. I also take 0.5 Xanax with this and Wellbutrin 200mg. I have agoraphobia and these pills together help me function NORMALLY. YES CAN YOU BELIEVE IT **NORMALLY**. I never thought normal would ever be in my vocab."
"This worked well for me at 40 mg/day. My doc said it was ok even though only 20 mg is the suggested max.

Although it really helped with my MDD, I also had tremors in my hands. They were problematic enough tat I stopped the drug.

Back on old reliable Zoloft 150 ... Works fine!"
"My doctor put me on this medicine for depression.  I have known for quite a while I was depressed but I never told anyone. I feel better already.  Took my first dose today.  It works quickly. I am not crying all day, not worrying all day and I feel better TODAY. This is not in my mind. It really does work. I imagine within a week I will notice a really big difference.  Depression had caused me not to want to do anything at all.  Going to work was even almost impossible.  Now I found some help."
"My insurance company would not provide me with two Celebrex a day.  After consulting my pharmacist, I tried the meloxicam (15 mg) and it works better than Celebrex for me - inflammation is my major problem, and I&#039;m pleased.  Also, Meloxicam is much cheaper.  IMPORTANT - Take with meals to avoid stomach problems."
"I treated with Interferon in 2001 and with Pegasyst in 2010,both of these meds ruined my life! It has caused Chronic Pancreatitis,Chronic Bronchitis,R.A.,SLE Lupus,Sjogrens,Fibro.,CFS and many other Health problems.Before treatment I was a health nut...bench pressed well over 300 lbs...now I can barely wipe my own a##!! These meds have just about taken me out of this world!.And I look and can not believe that there is no lawsuit against the Pharma companys"
"After suffering with fibromyalgia for over 20 years I am so relieved to have found Savella.  I took an article I read to the nurse covering for my doctor and she read the reviews and gave me a prescription.  I started with 50 mg per day and now take 200mg per day and have been taking it for almost 2 months!  Yes, I have had some severe sweats, but they are nothing compared to the pain, depression, etc. I have had for so long.  Even after reading the side effects and drug interactions I won&#039;t go off of it for anything.  It is the first real relief I have had since they decided my pains were real.  Dr. had originally put me on Cymballta but I couldn&#039;t stand the way it made me feel--first week I was a mess and friends noticed big difference."
"I was prescribed Risedronate  Sodium 35 mg, in April 17  I have suffered with osteo arthritis of my knees for 10 years  despite this I have remained very active leading a nice life, however these past 6 weeks my arthritis and mobility has deteriorated. I am finding walking very difficult I am in a lot of pain and stiffness I am using a walking stick and not wanting to go out. Taking this medication is ruining my life."
"I have been on metoprolol for well over a year now and have not had any negative side effects. The only thing I ever experienced was slight tiredness for a few days after having my dose increased."
"We are disappointed.  My 14 year old son has taken 40 mg 1x/day for 18 days and his skin is worse than ever.  He seems more moody than normal and his lips are super chapped (I feel like the chapped-lip police with my chapstick in hand).  We really hoped for results of any kind with his cystic acne.  We are going to try a higher dose after he gets the blood test in a week or so. He is discouraged. The cost of the higher dosage is almost prohibitive.  Our insurance doesn&#039;t cover meds because we have a high deductible but we feel that clearing up his acne is important for his self esteem.  It seems criminal to charge so much for meds."
"I have been taking this medicine for 2 years and it is the only thing that has worked for me. I finally asked my doctor about a non narcotic anxiety drug, and she gave me BuSpar. I am so grateful. I still have some unwarranted worries, but no where near the level I have experienced them without BuSpar."
"I completely agree...miracle drug.  If I stop taking this for any reason I WILL get sick.  In combination with Lactulose, I feel like a new person.  Thank you to the docs that figured this out!!!"
"Effexor XR is effective in low dose for hot flashes. Sadly the doctors follow the guidelines presented by the pharmaceutical companies for dosing and everyone is different. DO NOT take 75 mg a day! . 
 LOW DOSE is effective for both hot flashes and mild depression . I mean open up the capsule, count out 10 of the small balls of medicine and take that daily. After 2 weeks less effective and  can increase to 15 to 20 balls a day.  Track HFs  on a calendar. Never stop without tapering down! COUNTER WITHDRAWAL WITH VALIUM, XANAX, ATAVAN, any benzos will do. These will stop brain jolts or vertigo withdrawal symptoms!!!!  This med Iis strong. If this dosnt work for you, you can always increase. With my plan you can avoid withdrawal completely!"
"I have Stage IV Met. breast cancer with about 2-3 years to go. I got into a bad suicidal depression about dying so I was prescribed Cymbalta. Been on it for three weeks. Also doing chemo so I am not completely sure what symptoms are what. Good news is that after two weeks of starting this drug I did feel better. The side effects in the beginning were feeling flat and zombie-ish. Then I began to feel calmer and less obsessed with death. I did feel like sleeping a lot in the beginning. I added a 5mg Ativan at night to help sleep. I also take a half Percocet at night too. That does the trick as you can imagine. Lately the only adverse is an uncomfortable feeling of being very full after eating."
"I have had a really good experience with Nexplanon. It was sore a couple of days after insertion and I spotted for about a week the second month. I haven&#039;t bled since, and I have not experienced any side effects! Highly recommend!!"
"I have administered this drug to thousands of patients.  It works well.  The person who posted the &quot;allergy&quot; to rocuronium most certainly does not have an allergy.  He/she had a poorly timed emergence, which has nothing to do with the drug and everything to do with the anesthetic technique.  However, that non-allergy will be a part of his/her medical record until the end of time."
"This has been an excellent medicine.  I take 25mg Cozaar a day and 12.5 Coreg twice for dilated Cardiomyopathy.  I also have a history of frequent PVC&#039;s (8 to 15 a min) and V-Tachycardia, and things have calmed down in my chest greatly.  It was like a fireworks show going on.  The Cozaar was a God send after the Enalapril caused a fierce cough and a case of Pancreatitis after only 7 weeks that left me hospitalized for 10 days. I&#039;m 41 and have almost as much energy as a regular 41 yr old."
"Imitrex works very well for my eyeball pain, light and odour, toxic smells, nasal stuffiness that leads to migraines. Migraines. 
I am sensitive to gluten of all kinds, if I ingest some, I WILL get nasal stuffiness that will lead to a migraine or cluster headaches. Imitrex works in 45 mins, sometimes sleep is needed to take it away. Sometimes I get migraines for a week or so. Sometimes I take it as a last resort, after trying allergy meds, Tylenol or Valium. But Imitrex works for me. I eat very healthy, no breads of any kind, no gluten, very little sugar. I read all labels, eat mostly veges and meat, mostly organic, I&#039;m getting better at that. "
"I didn&#039;t have acne but would get clusters of pimples and once I started using this and not touching my face, my face has cleared up completely"
"I have had no suicidal thoughts since I&#039;ve been on this medicine. It is an awesome medicine."
"I have been taking Zoloft for only a few days! I have noticed a decrease in my appetite and I hope it continues.  What an added bonus if it helps me lose some weight as well as lessen my stress and anxiety!"
"I have severe anxiety, panic attacks &amp; depression. Am taking 60mg of Cymbalta/day. Until recently was taking Ativan as needed for anxiety. When the anxiety wasn&#039;t getting better with the Ativan, I was switched to Buspar for my anxiety. Started out taking 5mg 2x/day. Recently increased to 10mg 2x/day. Really helped my anxiety to where I haven&#039;t been as anxious. These last few months I have been experiencing panic attacks again. Calling my doctor within the next week to see about increasing my dose. Overall, I have had no side effects with this medication aside from drowsiness."
"A wonderful medication.  Makes everything complicated in my life seem simple and I do not stress over the smaller things."
"I have never in my life functioned properly until cymbalta, I have gone from panic attacks  , to public speaking with no hesitation , I finally have a real life , I don&#039;t over stress , I no longer ruminate , no shakings , no lasting side effects ,  a bit hyper and loss of libido but sorted out in a few months, I never want to come of it , changed my life totally , been on 60 mgs for 20 months"
"Levaquin and its generic are Fluoroqunilone antibiotics. The FDA has issued a Black Box Warning -- the most severe warning it can issue -- on all Fluoroquinolone antibiotics because they cause so many horrible, longterm side effects (like permanent tendonitis, vision problems, and more). Fluoroqunilones break down the mitochondria of cells, leading to cell death. This damage cannot be reversed."
"I&#039;ve had mild acne ever since I was 11 but it started to get MUCH MUCH worse when I hit 15. So at 15 I went to a dermatologist and was prescribed tretion 0.025 cream, I didn&#039;t have a Initial purge phase, but I did have really dry/peeling skin for the first month. I was using it for about 6 months, it worked miracles for my skin! it took about two months to really kick in. But then my tube of the cream got thrown away by accident and I was off of it for three weeks. My skin got worse than it initially was within that time, two months after that and I was seeing no results so I went back to my derm and got prescribed the 00.5 cream. I&#039;ve been on it for two months now and my skin is mainly clear again. This cream does work. Give it time."
"I went to to my doctor and she gave me Fluconazole and it didn&#039;t do anything I itched so bad I was bleeding and I was scared to use this because last time I used monistat  I felt like I was sitting on a volcano it was so bad ( I found out I didn&#039;t have a yeast infection I had a UTI that time).  Anyway I just used this cream and nothing, no burning, no pain just a little tiny tingles here and there which is shocking but as of right now I&#039;m okay"
"For me personally, I hated Lexpro.
It made me a shell of the person I used to be and like others have described, a walking zombie.
I couldn&#039;t connect with my emotions whatsoever. There are much better SSRI&#039;s available!"
"About little more than six months ago I had perfectly healthy eyes, then I had an eye burn. Both of my eyes were inflamed and severly dry and painful  after that burn, later causing an eye ulcer on my left eye. I was completely devastated, could not even believe that happened to me! But, then my second ophthalmologist prescribed me Restasis, I started using them but every time wanted to stop, because there were no results whatsoever! But, I continued using them hoping that they would help because my eyes were extremely inflamed and dry and painful! After only 4whole months I finally started seeing some results! My eyes started healing slowly, but at least they started improving! This is my fifth month, and I really do think they are helping"
"I have suffered from PMDD for many years.  Exactly two weeks prior to my period I would notice a change in the way I felt.  I would become very depressed and anxious.  I would cry for no reason and have little patience with everyone around me.  After suffering for many years and trying two antidepressants that gave me bad side effects my doctor recommended serafem.  This is only my second month and I only take it 14 days prior to menses but I feel a big difference.  I don&#039;t feel as anxious and I&#039;m not crying at every little thing.  This pill has limited my PMDD symptoms drastically.  I highly recommend for PMDD sufferers."
"I was hospitalized back in June as a result of my depression and anxiety. Lexapro was the first medication they put me on, followed by hydroxyzine. The first thing I noticed was the minimal side effects. I didn&#039;t experience drowsiness or stomach pains or anything that I had expected to experience. Like all depression medication, lexapro is one that needs to stay in your bloodstream for several weeks before you&#039;ll actually feel it working. It&#039;s not to say that it completely cured my depression, as there is no definitive &quot;cure&quot; for depression, but half of my days were euphoric and the other half I was only feeling a bit down. That is a huge step up from feeling hopeless all the time. I would recommend for both depression and anxiety."
"I wish I had read about this pill before taking it. I was on Minestrin for two years and loved it. CVS switched me to Mibelas, and I experienced terrible headaches and extreme shortness of breathe to the point I thought I was going to choke to death. It took me awhile to figure out it was the Mibelas, but when I did, I stopped taking it, and I never felt better. I had constant headaches for the 2 months I was taking it, and severe anxiety. I stopped going to class and literally thought I was losing my mind. It is not worth the price difference between Minestrin and Mibelas. This product should not even be sold."
"I absolutely love it now. I&#039;ve been on the patch approximately 4 months. The first couple months I experienced emotions going haywire, minor headaches and one period that I thought I was going to die or just felt like dying because it was horrifically pain. I also experience frequent episodes of indigestion. I honestly think your body has to adjust to the hormones because the previous two months the side effects are gone!  I haven&#039;t experienced an acne blemish which was common to occur during my period. My periods have lightened shortened and pain free. I&#039;ve had one incident with patch falling off the day before replacing it. Oh and no kids! Overall I give it a two thumbs up!"
"I had an episode of atrial fibrillation once in 1979, once in 1999 and once in 2009. A cardiologist then said I was to take Flecainide if I had another episode.
I woke up one night in 2011 with atrial fibrillation so I waited one hour as instructed and then took two Flecainide tablets, The fibrillation stopped an hour after I took the tablets.There were no side effects.
Another cardiologist has recommended that I take Flecainide and the blood thinner Pradaxa next time atrial fibrillation occurs."
"For the past 3 years I&#039;ve suffered from increasingly bad Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I also had mild OCD, by the end of the third year I was having regular panic attacks.  I tried accupuncture, CBT, herbs, supplements and Lorazepam (I took about 5 pills over a year)  but nothing worked. I was completely against taking anti-depressants until I just couldn&#039;t get out of bed for a week. 

I  was prescribed Cipralex. I take 5mg a day.  The change is amazing. I feel like my old self again. The tightness in my chest is gone. I do still get anxiety in the morning and especially on Mondays but I hear that will subside as the drug regulates in my system. I feel like I can handle my stresses again. I&#039;m still doing CBT to work on stress."
"To be honest this is the best thing that&#039;s ever happened to me, drysol is the bomb. I had used hypercare before drysol which worked just as good but was discontinued right after I finished my first bottle and supposedly cannot be bought anywhere anymore. I was back to my armpits gushing sweat within a few days and thought all hope was lost, until I found out about drysol. It has completely stopped my underarms from sweating and I am very happy. I hope drysol sticks around forever. If you have a problem with profuse sweating under your arms get drysol and your problem is solved."
"Caused sever constipation but at least I could keep liquids and solids down. Had headache when tapering off."
"I have one week left on Step 3.  I&#039;m positive I wouldn&#039;t have been able to stop without the aid of Nicoderm CQ.  I consider myself a non-smoker.  Some of the withdrawls that I&#039;ve experienced have been well worth the effort to be able to breath easier and knowing that I&#039;ll be around longer to watch my children grow older."
"Gave one star to Zoloft for its effort, but really it deserves zero stars from my experience. I was on Remeron, then Cipralex (Lexapro for American users) for almost a year and when it stopped working I decided to go with Zoloft after reading good reviews. Zoloft slowly turned me into the worst version of myself. Constant anger, irritation, nausea, no appetite, no motivation, and man the heart burn was unreal. And the list goes on and on. I took it for a week at 25mg and 3 weeks at 50mg to give it a shot but I had to stop because I was just falling apart. I am currently on Effexor, its been almost a week and it is slowly putting me back together from the Zoloft disaster."
"This medication works well for me and I had no side effects. The monthly cost is so expensive!! $1875.72 monthly without insurance! With little to no help from the pharmaceutical company. When my insurance will pay for it it&#039;s $240. Monthly"
"I developed multiple blood clots in my lungs after a trip to Canada and America. It wasn&#039;t until I returned home that I found out I had them and was put on the 15mg twice a day for 3 weeks before switching to 20mg once a day. I have just stopped taking Xarelto after 6 and a half months and found no problem with it! Aside from bruising easily, it sure beat the alternative (injections), so I am very grateful for all it has done. I am 20 years old and am happy to say I only have a bit of scar tissue left over."
"I have been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis for 17 years. I started Ampyra 3 years ago and since then I am more stable. I walk a little bit faster and get a lot more done in a day. Right after I started Ampyra I was able to snowboard with my kids, something I never thought would have been possible."
"I&#039;ve been using geodon for 2 years.It has stopped my racing thoughts and irritability. I have however gained 20 pounds in the first 6 months even though you are told it is weight neutral.Their own website states this med can cause an increase of 15 pounds (a weight gain mean of &gt;7)"
"I was on the Mirena for 4 months, and I received it after having my first child. At first, it was amazing. Insertion did not hurt me what so ever. I did take medicine afterwards, but the day after I felt back to normal. Now, a few months later, all the side effects are popping up. I felt alone, depressed, and suicidal. I felt like I was drowning. I have constant headaches, a weight gain of 20 pounds in FOUR months. I thought this was all just due to my new postpartum life, but after reading others saying they gained weight I decided to get it out. Sex is incredibly painful for me and feels like I&#039;m being stabbed. Periods lasting 2 weeks, then off 2 weeks, then again. This drug is terrible, although I really wish it had worked for me."
"I started Phentermine 37.5mg daily on 8/3/16. My weight was 272 while at my physical with my doctor. I had been exercising and watching my diet for about  3 weeks prior to that and lost 17 pounds. This morning marks one week of taking phentermine and i weighed in at 265. I use this pill to help resist temptations, not to stop me from eating or drop caloric intake. Yes, I can tell that I am not hungry all the time but I still make myself eat something light and healthy. My goal is to lose weight, not end up in a hospital. I exercise at least four times a week in which I prefer to walk briskly. I truly believe it has made a huge difference in my outcome. I have energy throughout my day and I sleep well at night."
"I have been using Avonex for 7 1/2 years.  I can&#039;t help but believe that it is why I&#039;m still up and walking.  The injection is only once a week (huge benefit) and the side effects are manageable with Arthritis Strength Tylenol."
"I have been using tambocor for Atrial Fibrillation for about 5 years now and it has been a very effective drug for me. Since being on 200mgs I haven&#039;t had an attack for a year."
"Was prescribed for severe muscle spasms. Took for years without any problems. VA has stopped prescribing. Tried flexeril without nearly the same results and bad urinary side effects. Going to try Robaxin next. I really wish VA would bring back Soma as so far it&#039;s the only thing that allows me to function somewhat normally. I&#039;ll continue to try other meds that VA suggests, but to this point only Soma has done the trick."
"Male, age 49. I&#039;ve climbed the ladder to a nice cushy office job with little or no walking. Regular days are 12-16 hours, leave when it&#039;s dark come home when it&#039;s dark. A co- worker introduced me to his doctor for a wellness visit, he prescribed phentrimine 30 mg and I&#039;ve lost 14lbs in 30 days. I honestly have very little time away from work and this loss in weight was simply smaller portions, lots of water and having enough self control to eliminate all high fructose corn syrups and eat lots off veggies, and no fast food. Enjoy and don&#039;t bow to temptation."
"I&#039;ve taken monistat many times because I don&#039;t have insurance for the diflucan/ fluconazole pill. Each time I take it I itch and swell and burn so much I couldn&#039;t sleep and had to call out of work. It&#039;s been 24 hrs since I put it in and I still itch so bad and am so swollen. Don&#039;t use this. if I&#039;m not better by tomorrow I&#039;m going to urgent care and spending money for a better easier cure."
"Lexapro helped me a lot!  I&#039;m on 10mg and therapy to talk through my issues I didn&#039;t realise the tight feeling in my chest was anxiety...I felt like I had that all day. It completely went away. I take it at night, the downsides are I was always active, the gym was my hobby, when on lexapro I felt not interested at all in exercise and couldn&#039;t lift weights like I used to, and I&#039;d be tired in workouts. I often feel tired during the day and could nap, sex Drive is lowered. The plus sides are I am a lot more relaxed, able to think things through properly and it is rare for me to cry now. I don&#039;t worry and I enjoy life, I&#039;m still myself just more relaxed, I am in a positive place. I am just slowly tapering down my medication for more energy :)"
"I got birth control for the first time in my life!! After doing a lot of research and asking friends around hearing horrific feedbacks I was very skeptical. But being in serious relationship having unprotected sex left me no choice. I m allergic to latex so condoms were not an option... 

Long story short I got implanon back in March, and monitored my eating habits and I did notice first month a had 2 or 3 breakouts that left dark spots which are gone with use of acne medicine nothing severe no weight gain or any other side effects. Little difference in mood in the beginning and every month I get light spotting during my period cycle. Overall this birth control has been very effective even though my Bf released sperm inside....!!!!"
"I have had Implanon for 3 weeks now. Approximately 2 and a half weeks after insertion, I got my period. Very light for four days. This would make it a week and a half early- something common for me even on the pill, but never an issue before I started birth control altogether. Aside from that, no real side effects. I have put on weight but I haven&#039;t been eating well, so I&#039;m doubting it&#039;s Implanon. I love the freedom of being worry free and having no pill to remember. Assuming I don&#039;t get crazy periods within the next few months, I doubt I&#039;ll have it removed. No mood swings, no nausea, no anything. My face DOES look a little bit rounded, though, which is strange."
"I used this in conjunction with mifepristone and 48 hours later took misoprostol by dissolving 4 pills on the inside on my checks. I started at 4 p.m, waited for the pills to dissolve in my mouth for 30 min and swallowed the rest. I experienced nothing and fell asleep on my couch. I woke up drenched in a cold sweat and mild cramps at 6:15, I got up and immediately threw up. My nausea continued throughout my whole ordeal. By 8pm the pain was excruciating, I felt all my lower torso contorting from my belly button to my upper thighs. The best way I can describe this is full term labor contractions.  I got dizzy and my husband gave me a hot shower. I lost consciousness for a min or 2. By 10pm, I passed the baby and it was smooth sailing again."
"52 year old diagnosed with ovarian cancer in July 2016. Received chest mediport in August and went through 12 weeks of chemo. Only side effects were constipation from chemo and sleepless nights from Dedcadron. While these steroids made me feel strong and allow me to work while taking chemo they also keep me wired at night. Only on those days of chemo I would take 1  mg of Ativan at night. So blessed to get some much needed rest and was at work by 6:00 ready for my work day. Feeling rested and getting that quality sleep is very vital when fighting this disease and taking chemo. I just had IP port surgically implanted into abdomen today. Staring next 3 cycles of IP chemo after having surgery December 8th.Ativan has helped me, no side effects."
"I have ADHD since I was very young. I&#039;ve been on numerous different medications for it - Adderall XR, Concerta, Strattera, etc. Out of them all, Vyvanse has had the best results. Vyvanse helps me focus, get things done, act my age, and think before I act. I can focus on one thing at a time, rather than twenty things at once. One thing I have noticed about Vyvanse is that it treats my ADHD but doesn&#039;t take away from my personality. In other words, it doesn&#039;t make me feel like a zombie. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse to anyone with legitimate ADHD!"
"Seriously this product will change your life. I&#039;m 22 &amp; have had cold sores since I was little, I get them when I&#039;m sick but now I have been getting them whenever I&#039;m stressed out. Just this past year alone I have gotten one almost every other month &amp; this month I&#039;ve already gotten 2. It&#039;s really frustrating, &amp; embarrassing. It takes 2 weeks to heal  and lately I have been left with big scars around my lips which are really noticeable. I happened to be at my OBGYN&#039;s office &amp; I mentioned it to him, he prescribed me this medication &amp; in just 2 days (2g every 12 hrs) my sore has already completely scabbed, and healed. Now I take 1 500 mg every day to help prevent any from coming, my doctor said it will cut down my sores from 5-6 a year to 1."
"I have to do this every year, due to Crohn&#039;s Disease. I still get nervous and anxious, like most. However, it&#039;s never that bad! I actually guzzle the prep, right out of the bottle, after having it in the freezer,  to the point of almost icey. Then I chase it with strong, ice cold lemonade, then apple juice. Since you need so much fluid, that much water, makes me nauseous. I sometimes get nausea, sometimes chills, and usually bloated. That goes away for me, when I start going. Another great tip, while you&#039;re going? I use pure coconut oil, instead of Desitin, and only wipe/blot with flushable baby wipes that I keep in the fridge!   : D"
"Quitting was effortless!! I did have nausea throughout the entire treatment after taking the pill for a couple hours and has done very vivid, sometimes horrible dreams, but the side effects were worth it!"
"Whatever it takes get on Viibryd today. Talk your doctor into a diagnosis that meets the general indication for this medicine and watch all your symptoms (real, imagined, and subtly feigned) of depression, anxiety, and many other axis 1 psychiatric disorders disappear like magic. Viibryd is totally awesome."
"Last night was night 1 in the 7 day monistat. It was okay. Didn&#039;t burn much. But when I woke up this morning and went pee... Omg. Itching sssoooo bad. Nasty leaking. But I believe its curing the infection. Its just day 1 tonight I&#039;m sure it will ease up. I&#039;ll keep posting for each day. (About to take a hot bath! Those work too to ease the itch.)"
"Very effective, but.....
1st dose at 6pm day before colonoscopy.  Uncomfortable abdominal distension by 7pm, Nausea by 8pm. Movements did not start until 11:30pm and lasted all night (every 30 minutes or so) until time for second dose at 4:45am. 
My daily beverage of choice is water (+/-64oz) however, it would be great to drink just the bottle and not have to mix it with so much water (32oz)
Exhausting, nasty and gross in more ways than one, but totally worth it considering it can save your life.
** pharmacy advised not covered by insurance so doctors office gave me a complete sample for free! **"
"Absolutely changed my life. Started in early August. I can&#039;t describe it, there is no euphoria, no speed. I wake up take it and just attack the day in a steady calculated way. I used to drink a pot of coffee a day. I haven&#039;t had a cup of coffee since I started Provigil. I had all types of medicines for my anxiety and depression, ironically this is what works. Weird, but the by-product of being so productive each day and the feeling I set and achieve obtainable goals eliminated my anxiety and depression overnight. The first day I took it, 30 minutes after it kicked in, it was like something finally just clicked. This medicine has changed my life. I had 12 types of medicines, I tossed them all, now just Provigil and one for high blood pressure."
"It works, I had unprotected sex three days before I started my period. I took the pill about 28 hrs after I had unprotected sex and for the first few days I was panicking, waiting for my period to start since I was supposed to start it. And sure enough I got it, I&#039;ve never been so happy to get my period. The pill didn&#039;t affect me at all, I ate before I took it and went to sleep so I wouldn&#039;t notice the effectiveness. If you&#039;re stressing out like I was, all I can say is keep calm and wait."
"I&#039;ve been on Carafate liquid for awhile now.  I&#039;ve gone through several bottles at least.  It helps the burning for my acid reflux; however, don&#039;t know if I have an ulcer or not.  Doctors say I don&#039;t, but I don&#039;t know.  It does help with the burning though. I love carafate, but I eventually want to stop taking it and not have anymore reflux ever."
"I have terrible chronic insomnia. I have safely taken this medication for over 12 years, with no significant side effects. Go to bed as soon as you take the medication. In my case the window for working is very short---7-10 minutes. 
If it hasn&#039;t helped me sleep by 15 minutes, it isn&#039;t going to help for that particular time. I would recommend this medication to anyone!"
"I&#039;m baffled by reports of this not working.  I tried Xifaxin and was flushed out for 10 days worse than before then on first day of taking Viberzi it stopped (35 yrs IBS-D tried everything &amp; only Lotroxex worked prior to Blk Box).  It worked with FIRST pill for me. I might suggest doing as I did which was starting on 75mg 2x day then on 2nd week to 100mg 2/day.  I also did extensive research and while I can eat whatever I want One MUST not drink and if you do maybe 1 beer or 1 wine once or twice a week due to liver enzyme and prostrate side effect possibility so NOT for heavy drinkers!  That said, I have been on 3 months now and have had JUST TWO upset stomachs.  THIS IS NORMAL &amp; glad that Rx allows bad food or virus to come thru. VIBERZI #1!"
"I developed terrible heart palpitations on Lexapro and had to stop using it. Unfortunately the heart palpitations are still occurring even though I have been off the drug for almost 3 months."
"I&#039;ve been struggling with irregular periods for over a year. I was constantly on my period with only a few days break each month. I tried taking minastrin but I contin to have irregular periods since it was such a low dosage. I just started mononessa (about 3 weeks in) and so far I havent been on my period at all which is great!!!"
"I am a 27 yr old mother of 1 and I have had the Mirena for a week. I chose not to read any reviews about it before I had it inserted. I had heard unpleasant stories, but after a talk with my Gyno, I decided this was right for me. 
The insertion of the Mirena was not pleasant. As with many other women, the moment it was inserted felt like a contraction with sharp abdominal pain and dizziness. This is called a vagal response and is normal. It only lasted for about 15 minutes and I was able to get up and get dressed and leave. I experienced bleeding that day and back pain and cramps for 3 days.  
Only complaint so far is occasional abdomen discomfort and my husband says he can feel it when we have sex."
"I was depressed by my acne but was hesitant to try Accutane because I feared the side effects. After months of researching reviews and testimonies I finally decided to try it. I never write reviews but I want to share my story because accutane worked for me. It changed my life and self-esteem. I experienced very little side effects while taking it. My acne did get worse before it got better, but I&#039;ve been off accutane for almost two years and my skin has stayed clear. I had hoped to come across a review like this while I was researching the drug, and I hope this is reassuring to people who need it."
"I got the Mirena after I had my second ( and last) child.  I&#039;d had problems with the pill, like blood clots.  I had the insertion in 10-14-2007. It was a bit painful, but not unbearable.  My period became lighter and non existent.  So when the 5 years was up, I got another one.  Same thing except for the bleeding, I now get a lot of the other symptoms.  I am now 44 and if I still need one in 2017, I will get a new one."
"My doctor prescribed 100mg for me when my symptoms start getting really bad before my period.  I have PMDD. It&#039;s a severe form of PMS. Then 50mg throughout the rest of the month for my mild depression.  Yesterday was my first day taking it, and I immediately felt effects.  I was calm, kinda zoned out, which is what I wanted since I&#039;m always on edge.  

The symptoms from PMDD are hurting my family and I&#039;m really hopeful that this medicine will work."
"I have been so constipated I took 2 pills Sunday night.  I started to have cramping a couple hours later. The cramps were getting so intense it felt like labor pains.  I went to the bathroom about  4am it all started. I was in bed or in the restroom all day Monday and felt weak and like I was coming down with the flu. This stuff definitely works but cramps are HORRIBLE!! I&#039;m still cramping but now able to get out of bed on Tuesday but still visiting the restroom often. If I eat or drink anything I start getting cramps and have to go to the restroom. It&#039;s 3am on Wednesday and I&#039;ve been up for a couple of hours with cramps and still going to the restroom. I&#039;m getting to where I don&#039;t wanna eat or drink because I&#039;m tired and want to sleep!"
"Hands down the BEST acne treatment I&#039;ve ever tried. Been on many, tried a lot of different products. Hormonal/food triggered acne has been a part of my life since 13. Tried aczone from my dr at 28 and haven&#039;t looked back for a year. Doesn&#039;t dry out skin, I feel a breakout coming in, put it on at nighttime and breakout gone completely in 1-2 days. Give it a try! Works fabulous :)"
"I had not had a BM in 8 days, I&#039;ve never taken lax before so I chose this because it said &#039;gentle&#039; on the box. The directions said 1-3 so I took 2, got on here to read the reviews and I honestly got scared and prepared myself for a horrible night. Nothing happened. I took 2 around 8 pm and around 10 pm or so I started getting mild cramps but honestly my period cramps were worse than that. I fell asleep around midnight thinking I would be rudely woken up in the middle of the night but I slept right through the night no problem and woke up at 10 am. Still no BM or even the urge to go. So then I took a third one, drank some coffee - and finally!! BM. I&#039;ve had three so far and I&#039;m still going out my day as usual."
"Took about 10 minutes to kick in. Felt like a total zombie all night, I was completely useless. The next day I was dizzy. Boo, atarax!"
"I started taking 20mgs of Lexapro every day 3 months ago. I have experienced the sexual side effects and lethargy associated with it, but it has served as a good mood stabilizer. In fact, it actually helped me to quit drinking. I had developed a daily routine with alcohol and had trouble stopping cold turkey. I needed something. I let the Lexapro work and after two weeks I lost my craving. That isn&#039;t to say it cures alcoholism or depression, but it&#039;s been just the assist I needed. I combine my medication with some therapy and self-help audio books. I&#039;m in a much better place now than ever before. I strongly encourage anyone to give the medicine a chance to work."
"MY VAGINA FEELS LIKE IT IS ON FIRE! I can&#039;t move and I&#039;m having HORRIBLE burning and itching. There has to be a better product then this. I would not recommend to anyone."
"This pill is wonderful. Had an accident with my boyfriend. Condom broke of course around 1am. I freaked out. Took the pill the next day around noon. I read the reviews and everyone said to calm down and relax. They were right! Period came right on time. Plan B is amazing! Just try not to stress about it and let it do it&#039;s thing. These situations happen!"
"As far as birth control, it is an extremely effective contraceptive pill! Never got any severe side effects; some nausea the first week, but that&#039;s about it. Also, my periods are about the same flow wise, but very little cramping, about 4 days long instead of 5. I used to have awful skin, and now it is clear! The only thing that happened when I went on this medication that may be displeasing to others is that I gained about 30 pounds. My varying weight before was 106-110, and now I am between 130-136lbs."
"I have constipation regularly. Milk of magnesia give me terrible cramps and makes me have nausea. Usually no BM. Miralax takes 3 days to work on me. Biscodyl tablets react the same as Milk of magnesia except with horrible gas. Senna, I have normal cramping before a BM, usually takes 8 hours to work. Very pleased."
"I just started taking 90mg once-weekly Prozac for anxiety and PMDD. I have taken this in the past and it was amazing for improvement of my mood. I will only be taking it 2 weeks out of the month. I didn&#039;t have the anxiety previously, but I am hoping the results will be amazing this time too. I have high hopes that this will get me through this rough patch. The only downfall I have seen for my body, and this has been my experience with all SSRI&#039;s, after about 6 months of treatment, I become like a blank slate and void of emotion. I&#039;m not depressed, but I&#039;m not happy either.  I don&#039;t feel anything. Hopefully as I am about 10 years older,  that has changed for me, and since I am only taking 2 weeks on, 2 weeks off."
"I feel 100% better since taking Bentyl. Before I had stomach cramps, gas and gas pain. This works great! Thank You"
"Using this caused my lips to bleed and all the skin on my lips turned black and it was like acid eating at my lips! I was not men remotely able to find any pain relief. From Oxycodone to Dilauded the ER docs could not help me! Nothing worked so I was sent to a pharmacist which makes compounds. We spent 3 hours we experimented with different lidocaine solutions. The raw pain even with the lidocaine was so intense that I lost my breath and couldn&#039;t breath. Very scary but with this pain of simply flesh eating my lips I was not aware that pain could be this bad! I am a trauma nurse and nothing prepared me for this! Any suggestions out there! I wake in a pool of blood and I am starting to see a little improvement!"
"My doctor put me on the patches about 8 months ago. I was taking Norco 10/325, and Lyrica 50mg three times a day. I was still having pain at night, and when I had to walk for any distance at all. This medicine has changed my life, I can sleep all night without waking up from pain, I can walk through the mall now and not limp as bad. I still take 6 Norco a day, and my Lyrica 3Xday. But combined with the patch, I feel like I have a new lease on life. The only side effects I have had is a tendency to nod off if I sit down for long, and a decrease in my appetite which is good for helping me lose some weight."
"Well I was having really bad cluster headaches, I took an imitrex for the first time. With in 15 mins I was projectile vomiting and having bad stomach cramps. The taste stayed in my mouth for hours. My headache has went down some but it was still there."
"I have just started 50 mg of Pristiq this morning after having a mild panic attack and after about one hour I felt much better.  I have had severe panic attacks and insomnia since my tubal ligation almost a year ago.  I have been through a lot of medications that only left me to feel like a zombie and I am finding that you can compare yourself to others and put yourself in a box or you can realize that God made us all in a unique way and just because one drug works for one person does not mean it will work well for another.  I am still going to take it one day at a time and stay in prayer that the doctors I am seeing will give me medicines to get me the balance my brain needs, to have a healthy and normal life."
"I was prescribed Lyrica for fibromyalgia. The first hour after I took Lyrica I felt better and at night, I slept like a dream. I was on for a total of two weeks in which time I started feeling bloated and put on weight. I am a heart patient and I started getting angina. My blood pressure started to raise. I started getting headaches. My only wish was that I could have continued taking Lyrica as the fibromyalgia pain was gone. But I&#039;ll just have to keep looking. "
"Was having abnormal bleeding for month went to emergency room was prescribed pro era for 10 days the day after period and blood clots came back. Went to gyno took ultrasound no polyps no fibroids nothing but was told the lining of uterus is thin. Was given this medicine to take 3 a day first 3 days then 2 a day next 2 then 1 a day. The bleeding has stopped for now and I&#039;m ok day 4. Everyone body reacts differently I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or no other side affect so I&#039;m thankful for this birth control.."
"For instant light sedation Valium is the number one choice. It is fast acting even in small dosages like 10mg but for full effect 20mg is preferred. Though it can lead to unwanted dependency after a few weeks so beware."
"I have side effects from most brands of genetic metformin because they use cheap fillers. Real Glucophage is my only option. Why is it so expensive? My insurance won&#039;t cover it. But I have no side effects. Guess it&#039;s worth it."
"I loved this at first. Was able to leave on for the full 7 days. The longer I left it on my skin started to itch. Now, still trying to use it, because it works so well, only can leave on for about 3 days before my skin is totally broke out. I am so disappointed because I&#039;d rather not take pills."
"Excellent"
"This medicine works wonders for daily anxiety and is better than using Xanax all day because it lasts much longer.  I take Xanax when there is extra anxiety and the two work together perfectly."
"This stuff really does work. My right underarm would sweat almost instantly and would leave the biggest stain. Since using drysol, that has stopped. The only downside is how badly it burns. It burns and itches so badly when you first apply it, but the results are so good that the temporary burn is almost worth it."
"I have been taking Minastrin 24 Fe  for 3 years now and I have no more cramps or period ever! My period stopped completely for a year now! Before I used to suffer from horrible cramps and heavy period but now I feel amazing every month! I totally recommend and wish I had found it when I was a teenager!"
"I take another medication for my anxiety but after consultation with my psychiatrist I use Pregbalin for panic attacks. When I feel an attack coming I  take  75mg  then and again at bedtime. I don&#039;t, of course have panic attacks all the time so I&#039;m not using them regularly.I took it a few years ago for anxiety for about 3 months and can&#039;t speak highly enough of its properties. It got me out of a hole and I&#039;d sooner be fat than depressed. There are ways of losing weight!"
"This medication was possibly the worst experience of my life. In the matter of a week, i managed to have my boss lose all hope in me, i ruined my 3 year relationship and for the first time in my life, i was so depressed i had thoughts of death ( not to mention I was kind of moody all day). Not to mention it actually made my memory and focus worse! Thank God i had a couple adderall left to make it until my next (emergency) appointment!

Thanks Vyvanse! You really changed my life!

I have a psyc appointment tomorrow morning, i am going back to adderall! Vyvanse didnt last a full week for me, maybe it&#039;s different for other people.

"
"After a severe case of Ross River Fever for which i was taking 50 mg Prednisone daily I developed chronic degenerative Polymyalgia Rheumatica, the pain in my arms, neck, hips, knees, hands and ankles was intense and never ending, i tried all the usual pain killers including Oxycontin and Methadone with varying short term success but the mind numbing daily struggle associated with taking Opiates was taking a toll on my life, my Rheum trialed me on 15 mg mtx weekly for 2 months and the result was incredible, the pain in neck and knees almost disappeared after the first week so the Rheum increased dose to 15 mg morning and night once a week, wow what a difference! few side effects and almost pain free, thank you MTX"
"I started my first dose 4 days ago at the o.6 dose. This morning I took 1.2. I am having quite a bit of nausea and  a very &quot;full&quot; feeling in my stomach as well as have had a headache since several hours after the first dose. On the positive side, my sugar levels have dropped dramatically and I barely have an appetite at all. Went out to eat with the family, fixed my usual &quot;first&quot; plate and wasn&#039;t able to even finish it. Normally I would of gone for a second plate too. I am really hoping the side effects of nausea and headaches does subside because I am feeling a bit sick. Most food right now.. just the smells make me feel sick to my stomach. The headaches are the worst part though. Hoping I see quite a bit of weight loss at appointment."
"I had severe cluster headaches that were impossible to explain to my local doctor.  Told him it was as though a monster was waking me out of a deep sleep each night at the same time each night. I used the Sansert for approximently 3 months and have never had reoccuring headaches since 1987."
"I&#039;m a 18 year old college freshman and started taking Vyvanse 10 months ago when I had finally gotten medicated for my severe ADD.  It has significantly changed my life for the better. For as long as I can remember, my teachers always told my parents that I was very bright but I just would not &quot;apply&quot; myself but after taking Vyvanse my grades have skyrocketed. I can finally pay attention in class and actually absorb the information. I feel energized, motivated, and more organized to do things.  My days will be filled with productivity and I feel like it boosts my mood in general. My side effects include a slight anxiety because I feel like I should ALWAYS be doing something productive so sometimes its hard for me to relax."
"I&#039;m 27 years old, I was diagnosed with Acute Migraines and my family Dr. prescribed me Amitriptyline HCL 25MG right before Bed. I have had no headaches since then never told I would feel better. But my sensitivity to light has become very bad and I spend the morning hours very sleepy."
"I have been on BC pills for 5 years. I&#039;ve tried a ton and had issues with all of them regarding decreased libido, breakthrough bleeding, and moodiness. With Skyla I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday, it&#039;s the lowest dose of hormones, and it shortens/ends your period, and is more effective than BC pills in preventing pregnancy. As a married, full time nursing student I knew this would be my best option. Because I have never been pregnant insertion was very painful initially for about 1 minute because they clamp the cervix to stabilize it. I just breathed through it. After the procedure I was fine until I started cramping about 1 hr. After procedure. I slept it off and woke up the next day feeling 100%. Love it so far."
"Nothing else has worked. I&#039;m 37 and never had acne until a year ago. This medication was my last option my dr was running out of options but it has helped greatly. It burned at first and looked like I was sunburned but aloe gel or Cetaphil helps greatly without breaking you out. I highly recommend"
"Kept my four year old up all night . She was miserable and whined all night. Do not use for children this has been awful. She finally got some rest at 10 am the next day."
"I am just on second day of starting generic Acifex and can not believe how great I feel. I have been in pain and diarrhea for a month due to taking multiple meds for a heart issue. Acifex has been a blessing!"
"I had previously used nuvaring with little side effects, had a child and decided to use the nuvaring again... big mistake.  I had breakthrough bleeding all 3 weeks, head-ach&#039;s, anxiety , insane mood swings - felt like crying or got super angry at the drop of a hat, not sure if this is attributed to the nuvaring but I lost about 12 lbs in a month.  It also caused uti&#039;s after having sex, something that my body previously got used to and wasn&#039;t a problem.  

Ultimately it is easy to use but it made me totally psycho, I felt relief within hours of removing the ring.  No one in my family has ever seen me like that, and the mood swings, anxiety, paranoia were so bad that it affected my 4yr old."
"Other than Tincture of Opium, Lomotil is the best thing for controlling diarrhea. Because the Opium is so expensive, I often can take only lomotil, and it works at the maximum dosage (and more) to slow down my diarrhea. Without it, I would have nothing to live for, literally. It is a life-saver."
"I had Skyla placed yesterday so this is all still new to me. The doc said it would be significantly more painful for me because I haven&#039;t had children. I assumed the position in the stirrups and she started. The clamp they use to stabilize the cervix wasn&#039;t that bad. I felt some light cramping but nothing painful. That part was more uncomfortable. measuring the depth of my uterus honestly hurt worse than the IUD itself. She then inserted the IUD which felt like a strong period cramp that only lasted for about 5 seconds. I had pretty severe cramping that night but it wasn&#039;t anything a few ibuprofen couldn&#039;t take care of. I&#039;m feeling pretty much back to normal now. All in all, I&#039;m very happy with my decision!"
"The most effective over-the-counter drug to reduce the effects of tendonitis.  My tendons can stay inflammed for years and usually only respond to steriod injections.  Aleve has proven to be just as effective."
"Was on trazodone years ago, it worked well for awhile. Just restarted and what a God send. Had been awake for three days. Fell asleep in ten minutes and slept for nine hours."
"I&#039;ve been prescribed ability and loxapac for a manic episode on May 19th for slightly more than three weeks. It worked well but early June I started to feel unable to sit  still at some places. Around June 10th I had terrible anxiety and panic attacks, it was pure torture, so back to the institution. Had to wait two days until a doctor showed up , gave me something that stopped it all and removed the two drugs. It might be loxapac. Fact is, since then, there is another torture. Akathisia in the form of wanting to walk all the time. It&#039;s been one week now and thanks god it stops at night. I want to live (I&#039;m not even 20) 
I pray it stops fast  l&#039;ve suffered enough.
I really hate Abilify or Loxapac"
"My pain doctor just gave me this because flexeril 10mg three times a day was not working for me. My muscles were just in knots constantly. I can take ativan 2mg hydrocodone 10mg and that all at once and work just fine. But this just knocked me out. I had a really hard time staying awake. So I&#039;m just gonna take half while at work. But this medicine works amazing for me. No bad side effects thus far other than in making me super drowsy. I highly suggest this medicine if you suffer from fibromyalgia or sever muscle spasm like me."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from depression and anxiety for 8 years with little relief from other antidepressants and combinations (Zoloft, Lexapro, Lexapro &amp; Lithium, Imipramine, Desipramine) and cognitive therapy. I became so sick of switching medications that I just pretended everything was okay until it was too much to bear. I&#039;ve been on Budeprion XL for about a month now, increased from 150mg to 300mg. Other than a periodic rapid heart beat, some brief sleeping interruptions, and a tad bit of irritability, I can honestly say I&#039;m starting to feel a bit better. I&#039;ve got more energy than I&#039;ve had in a long time as well. I would just recommend that if you&#039;re a heavy caffeine consumer, maybe cut back a bit to reduce some of the symptoms."
"This drug was prescribed after several attempts on my life in a short period. I was prescribed 75mg for 2 weeks, then 150mg for 4 weeks and finally 300mg for 2 1/2 years. (Daily dosages)
Within the first two weeks I could no longer &quot;climax&quot;, I began getting paranoid and went from mild social phobia to debilitating agoraphobia. I became distant from my wife and kids and regular attempts on my life had me in and out of hospital during the entire time on this drug. I tried to withdraw myself as my doctor was reluctant to assist and tried to assure me it was better than not taking it. The withdrawals where like someone letting off fire crackers in my skull, within 72 hours it even effected my vision pulsing white light with every &quot;spark&quot;. AVOID"
"I&#039;ve been on Androgel for 6 weeks now and have experienced a remarkable turn around in my energy, stamina, body strength, muscle definition, clear mindedness, and mega-intensified libido.  Now, I can&#039;t see myself getting along without it and don&#039;t plan to.  Now I know what it feels like to get my life back again and would consider this medicine nothing less than a miracle."
"Hi I get pimples on my face, nose area especially. I use Altabax when I first detect any sign of pain under the skin. If I catch it early enough, it dries up overnight. If I catch it after the pimple has a chance to harden a bit under the skin, it takes longer. If I waited too long, I&#039;ll go for the Doxycycline too."
"I have very severe acid refulx with esophagal ulcers. I have tried tons of other medications and this is the only one that has given me relief without needing to supplement with antiacids! I do experience headaches as a side effect but they are mild and worth the relief."
"I have had FMS for 5 years now. First few years I really struggled, tried painkillers and anti-depressants which did not help, only made me more depressed and tired. Have been on Lyrica for 2 years now 150g twice daily. It is the only drug so far to work for me. Only side effects are increased appetite. It gives me more energy and helps me sleep. I have lost weight on Lyrica, by been more positive and active. I ignore the increase in appetite and just drink water and it works. Pain is still there but not as bad. It is truly a miracle."
"I&#039;m 35 and slowly been loosing erection strength over the last couple of years. I put this down to highly stressful job and lack of exercise. After discussion with doctor, started me on Cialis 20mg with a view to not needed them after a few repeat scripts. Took the first one 2 days ago. It took about 4 hours to start working but has only just now seemed to wear off. Had headache for the first day but well worth it. Felt like I was 18 again. Even woke up with a morning erection... not done that for at least a year! I recommend for anyone that like me, needs a kick along to keep the wife happy!"
"It works. Less is better anything over 15-20 mg makes me too focused."
"I started 10 weeks ago and saw an immediate drop in my home testing glucose levels, from double figure mmol readings to 4/7mmol after fasting.  I had no side effects at all for the first four weeks but subsequently suffered terrible nausea, overnight hypos, skin rash and the most revolting sulphur/egg-smelling burps (cured immediately by Alka Seltzer if anyone else has the same problem!)  I&#039;ve noticed no reduction in appetite (except when nausea has prevented me from eating at all) but had already reduced my intake to 1200 calories a day in an effort to lose weight. If anything, Bydureon is hindering my weight loss. I often see no loss after a week of eating like Snow White, which is disappointing. Overall delighted though."
"My expirience with Mirena has been ok so far. It is nice not worrying about getting pregnant but after getting it put in at my 6 week post pardom appointment I had a lot of cramping and spotting for about a month. Since then I still have a period and it is abnormally heavy and miserable. Before Mirena I had light periods without any symptoms at all so this has taken some getting used to. I would still recommend it because it is nice to know you are protected and you don&#039;t really have to do much to keep up with it."
"I took Singulair for a week because I was having trouble with my asthma and allergies. But I also have anxiety and panic attacks often and Singulair made it so much worse!! Every time I took it my heart would race and even the next morning I would still have a racing heart. I ended up having panic attacks every day and going to the ER twice in a week while on this. I will NEVER take this again, it&#039;s very bad for people who have anxiety. My asthma is still bad but it wasn&#039;t worth trying because of the side effects."
"I had a mild YI and it wasn&#039;t bothering me a lot but I wanted 100% relief. My mom suggested I use the Monistat 1 and I agreed. Around noon I showered and inserted the little egg and immediately my itching became worse ! I looked up the reviews after this and was terrified . I hopped back in the shower just for soothing relief and it was still irritating and I even used the itch relief cream which was pointless . I was miserable until I ended up grabbing an ice cube and putting it down there and my gosh the relief was amazing ! I iced for about 3 hours bc the itch would not go away I&#039;m now on hour 4 and feel no itch just a warm sensation that is bearable. Take at night ! Walking is not an option when the itch comes !"
"I have pain daily and this medication has caused more side affects than help. I now suffer from insomnia, memory loss, (short term) and leg restlessness. Plus it is so very expensive and has to be mailed so I go through withdrawals every month. I hate this medication !!!"
"I had the paragard inserted 3 years ago after my second child.  Heavy period,  headaches,  bloating,  mood swings and weight gain about 15 pounds.  I had it removed last week. Felt better almost instantly.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend.  Also tried the Mirena that was even worse."
"I just recently had my 2nd Implanon inserted. I got the first one done in October 2007 and had it taken out November 2010 and a replacement put right back in. Since I have had it in my arm, it is still sore a week later and sometimes feels like it is poking me...sharply. I am hoping this goes away soon. With the first one I didn&#039;t have a period for first 2 years and then had maybe 4 a year after. I didn&#039;t have really any side effects. Although sometimes I can be irritable a little more easily. It has kept me from getting pregnant for sure. I have 3 kids all conceived on birth control so this is the first to have worked. "
"I went to the doctor looking for a contraceptive that would also help with the acne around my jaw line. I don&#039;t really get pimples anywhere but around my chin and mouth. I would say that my acne, at its worst was decently severe in that area. Anyway, when I first started using Loestrin Fe 24, my acne in that area was absolutely outrageous. I was getting huge cysts that were very painful. I would get 2 to 3 new ones a week. It was very disheartening, but I decided to stick it out. By the third pack, I watched my acne disappear. I am now on my 4th pack and only get one or two small whiteheads (not big scarring cysts) right before I start taking the iron pills. I like this birth control and with time, I believe it helps acne."
"I got my first shot in June 2016 thinking it would be a better alternative from the problems I was having with the pill. I ended up bleeding for a whole 3 months which defeated the purpose of getting it for birth control because I couldn&#039;t have sex anyways because of it. I got a second shot in August and the bleeding stopped but I started getting headaches and feeling dizzy frequently. My next shot is scheduled for October but I refuse to get another after reading other women&#039;s reviews and horror stories. The side effects are insane and not worth the risk. I would never recommend the shot to anyone."
"I just started taking 100 mg twice a day five days ago.  I have degenerative joint disease, osteopenia, arthritis, etc.  Mainly, my neck and hips just kill me!  Sometimes I can&#039;t get to sleep, sometimes I wake up feeling absolutely pitiful. I&#039;ve only been taking ibuprofen 600 mg 3 x day.  Since starting the gabapentin (ALSO started effexor same day) I am able to sleep and it doesn&#039;t hurt all the time.  I am sleepy a lot.  It&#039;s worth it not to hurt."
"Cymbalta was a miracle for me. I was paralyzed by anxiety and couldn&#039;t function in daily life and it made me feel better than I&#039;ve ever felt in my life. I&#039;ve tried tons of anxiety/depression meds; Xanax, Klonopin, Buspar, Ativan, Zoloft, Celexa, etc. and they all barely worked, just made me catatonic, or had really serious side effects (listlessness, decreased libido, etc.). Cymbalta made me feel like my true self minus anxiety, rather than a dulled version of myself. It actually increased my libido because I wasn&#039;t too depressed to have sex for the first time. I also lost weight while taking it, which wasn&#039;t desirable for me, but I know it is for some people. The only negatives I experienced were nausea and decreased appetite at first."
"I&#039;ve had he Mirena for about a month now. I still have the spotting nearly everyday but it&#039;s not terrible. It&#039;s annoying im hoping that stops soon. 

Insertion was painful but I&#039;ve had two kids so it really felt like a moderate labor contraction. It wasn&#039;t unbearable. 

I&#039;m glad I did it! But my partner did say he could feel it during sex which I was a little disappointed to hear. Overall though, so far I&#039;m happy with it!! I had two babies with the Nuva ring so I&#039;m hoping this is 100% more effective "
"This product has worked wonders for my red nose, cheeks and forehead.  Amazing!"
"I have been on Xanax for about 3 years and I used to have really bad panic attacks but I don&#039;t now. The only problem I have with them is that they have made me gain a ton of weight."
"Does what its intended to do!"
"I have had a terrible cold with cough &amp; breathing issues especially at night. This prescription was great for the cough &amp; ability to get some rest."
"I have been on Contrave for a week. I&#039;m going on my second week and I have dropped about 11 lbs. I started at 197 and today I&#039;m 188. I&#039;m so happy this is working. I have tryed everything to loss and nothing was working till my doctor told me bout Contrave. I have not had any side effects. And now I eat a lot smaller portions and I don&#039;t want the craving of snacks"
"I first started Depo in May of 2015. The first month was great, no side effects. When it was time for my period it was light. Well, it seemed to never end. I visited my Gyn and she put me on the pill while I still had Depo in my system, I then started to spot. After the three months  I decided to not try depo again, So I continued to take the pill, but I was still bleeding and spotting. I decided to get off birth control completely and try a new GYN from a different clinic, she said that my body&#039;s menstrual cycle is messed up from Depo, that I only shed my lining a little at a time and its still trying to get out of my system so she put me on Provera to reboot my cycle. I also have anemia from all the blood loss for the past 7 months."
"This medicine made me beyond irate! It&#039;s supposed to help with anxiety and insomnia due to anxiety. I&#039;ve been up for 5 days now with an average of maybe 2 hours of sleep if that a night. Complete opposite effect and I&#039;m so tired. But my brain won&#039;t stop running with thoughts. Weird thoughts. On the bright side my house is spotless and I&#039;ve managed to fill my freezer and counter with countless baked foods and pastries. Smh."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for 7 years. I only take the1mg pill when I&#039;m having a panic attack. Sometimes more than other times. For me it is a God sent. That horrible tightness in your chest, and shortness in breath is unbearable. However I can see how someone could get hooked on this drug."
"I started with 100mg a day with no any result, after one month my doc. asked me to increase the dose to 300mg a day, since then I feel good, could say 80% of depression symptoms have disappeared. I still have lack of energy but  now have good mood. BTW, I&#039;ve been taking it for 8 months."
"25mg 2x a day. Once upon waking and once in the afternoon seems to get me going with addition to a cup of coffee. The pros are it works similarly to the typical narcoleptic drug. "
"I have had Mirena since December. Initially there was some discomfort for the first week or so but since then I haven&#039;t noticed it once. My boyfriend has felt the string a couple times but nothing major. 95% of the time we have sex he doesn&#039;t notice it and neither do I. What I like best about it, besides not having to take the pill everyday, is that I only have my period every other month if that. I definitely would recommend it if you hate taking the pill and aren&#039;t thinking about having kids anytime soon. Luckily my Mirena was free through the local health center. Definitely worth it!"
"I&#039;m 22 and decided to get Skyla for birth control. I have an aura with migraines so my doctor said it narrows my options for birth control as I&#039;m at a higher risk on an estrogen pill. I had Skyla placed 2 days ago. I was nervous for the insertion but it wasn&#039;t bad. Just imagine the worst menstrual cramps thats how it feels while it&#039;s being put in. It passes after a minute and it just feels like a regular menstrual cramp. I took 400mg of Ibuprofan 20 minutes before and another 400mg for after. I went home and just relaxed and kept a heating pad in majority of the afternoon/evening. My period has ended (I had it inserted midway my period), I just have some spotting but I was expecting way more than this. No complaints so far!"
"I am a high school student (10 grade). Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and I feel like a totally different person! I was very stressed about school because I couldn&#039;t concentrate and making bad grades isn&#039;t fun so it made me a little depressed. I noticed that I actually felt like doing work (never thought that would happen) and instead of finishing my episode of Teen mom 2 I was eager to do my homework instead! At night I got about an hour of sleep then was up for about 8 hours until it was time to go to school and I forgot to eat the whole day it&#039;s just food didn&#039;t sound good at all and it gave me so much energy especially because we had to run the mile at school and I ran it very fast because it changes your whole mindset."
"This is horrible. Horrible. Horrible. 1st tube wasn&#039;t that bad. 2nd tube the hell started. I thought it was the itching cream because I hadn&#039;t put any on the 1st time. So 3rd night comes, I didn&#039;t put the itching cream on but the pain is literally from hell itself. I get that there is side effects, but the side effects shouldn&#039;t be worse than the original problem. I unfortunately bought the 7 day to avoid going to the doctor and I cannot do 4 more nights of this so I&#039;m going to the doctor."
"I used this product and my vagina was on fire like nothing I&#039;d ever felt before... two baths later I am just now relaxed. I will never use this product again - and to the people who felt tolerable burning, clearly you did not have the same experience as me. This product should be banned."
"My son is 7 years old and has been diagnosed with ADHD and is using  Daytrana 10mg which has been the BEST so far! After applying the patch, it takes a couple of hours for the medicine to start working. I noticed that if I place the patch on his hip, but closer to his butt it is more effective. (my doctor said that other parents had noticed that the placement of the patch makes a difference). At school he is able to control his impulses, focus and most importantly still be a 7 year old boy (not a zombie). The only downfalls to this medication is that he does not have an appetite (most of these meds cause this) &amp; the area where you place the patch can get red and itchy. I rotate where I place the patch and use baby oil to remove the adhesive"
"I had some dryness and itching, knew it was a yeast infection (I have a low immune system) and decided to try monistat 3 for the first time. My vag felt like it was going to  die from the monistat 3. I applied it and immediately felt like my vagina was on fire and there was such a deep internal itch. I applied an ice pack and it helped dull it down for a bit. Next morning I went right to walgreens and got the miconazole  (what I have used in past) after just the 1 applicator and the external cream all itching, burning, and dry feeling is gone. 
Stick with miconazole."
"I am married and just 2 months ago had a baby girl. I wanted a way to wait a good amount of time without being worried about taking a pill or getting pregnant. When I had this done I took 2 tylonol before I went in and IT DID NOT HURT ONE BIT. I went when I was on my period so this way my cervix would be slightly opened. All I&#039;ve experience is a bit of cramps and some back pain. My period stop right when it was put in, I was amazed. I love this type of birth control and my husband doesn&#039;t feel it so it&#039;s perfect."
"I am an 18 year old girl who has had acne since the fourth grade. I have been on countless medications to try and help my skin; Tetracycline, Minocycline, Doxycycline, and Ortho Tri-Cyclen (birth control). None of these helped. I have used Proactive (twice) that didn&#039;t help in the least bit, so my last resort was Accutane. I was very nervous about it, having done my research on it, I wasn&#039;t sure if I wanted to. Well, let me tell you, I am so glad I did. I am only on my second month, and my skin is so smooth. Before, I had cysts and nodules all along my jaw, my neck, my chest, my upper back, and my cheeks. Now, they&#039;re flat and fading. I don&#039;t have any on my face, my chest is now drying out, and my neck looks better. "
"I am 28 and have severe RA and fibromyalgia. I was on Darvocet which worked good. But then that was taken off the market. I&#039;ve been on Vicodin for a little while now and it works wonders for me.  Which is great since I&#039;m up chasing my 5 yr old all day.  It&#039;s the only other medicine I&#039;ve tried that actually works."
"When I was younger I was put on Abilify in combination with antidepressants. I&#039;ve been off of it for about 5 years or so now. As I recall it didn&#039;t do much for me, however my weight skyrocketed during the time I was on it, and it stuck with me even after I was off of it. At my worst I was about 250 pounds. I&#039;ve lost a lot of weight since then, however, I still struggle with my weight today which creates a self-esteem issue that adds to my depression."
"I suffered from headaches my whole life  (I&#039;m 53). Nothing would help until it was prescribed during my 1st pregancy when I was 38 &amp; suffered even worse hormonal headaches. It was like a miracle drug. I am a huge proponent of being conservative with medications in general &amp; try to live a &quot;natural&quot; healthy lifstyle. A whole bottle will last me over a year. Most of my headaches are tension so when I tried this I almost cried from finding something to relieve my debilitating headaches. If I feel a bad one coming on, I&#039;ll take a half one then wait a bit to see how I feel. I&#039;ll follow with the other half if it&#039;s really bad. Can&#039;t say enough good about this medication."
"Really good effect of this Viagra its the best"
"After having sex and realizing that the condom had broken, I rushed to the drug store and bought Plan B. It was the last day of when my ovulation is the highest so I was panicking. My period was not supposed to come for two weeks, but I got my period today. The only side effects that I had was a decrease in sex drive, lack of appetite, and I was super moody. Thank God for plan B!! It def works."
"I&#039;ve been on this for over a year and have had no side effects that I&#039;ve noticed. I cut the packaging apart and carry a pack of 4 weeks with me in my purse so I think the packaging works fine."
"With genotype 1 Hep C, I took Sovaldi/Ribavirin/Pegylated Interferon for 12 weeks this past summer. There was 0 viral load after 4 weeks, 0 after 12 weeks. After 9 months, the viral load returned at 1,496,000. I engaged in no behavior that causes Hep C - no needles, no sex; I did not drink any alcohol. My doctors&#039; only answer is that the cirrhosis of the liver was so bad (compensated cirrhosis) that not all of the virus was cleansed out of the dead parts of the liver with just 12 weeks of Sovaldi.
I am now on the Harvoni for 24 weeks, hoping that the longer regimen of the two drugs - Sovaldi and Ledipasvir - will totally clean out the virus from the liver."
"Nucynta is indeed a Novel medicine. I have Scoliosis with a 31 Cobb angle and I have tried so many different medications, alternative medicine (including Chiropractors and Acupuncturists). The reason why Nucynta is great is because it takes away most of my pain and it relaxes me. It has no &quot;Euphoric Feeling&quot; which makes it good for long term use without a potential for abuse. That&#039;s why I believe that your Pain Doctor would also feel more comfortable prescribing it. I have been on it for a month now and I can tell that it works perfectly. The only problem with Nucynta is that it makes you drowsy (and for me it makes me go to sleep, so I cannot take it in the morning). "
"I would definitely recommend epiduo for anyone struggling with acne. I have suffered since I was 15 and I am now 29. I have had some major flare ups over the years &amp; have tried all sorts of treatments that eventually helped clear it up but once stopped taking any medication it would come back with a vengeance. This is the only treatment I have found that really worked for me. My skin is amazing now &amp; I rarely get even 1 spot! This is something I NEVER thought I&#039;d be able to say. 

I started by using this in conjunction with antibiotics for the first couple of months now I just use this alone &amp; it keeps it at bay. There are initial side effects &amp; you have to be prepared for the stinging &amp; burning but push through it. You won&#039;t regret it!"
"Maxalt_MLT is effective is arresting a my migraine. It does come with a price. It makes me very sleepy and I tend to have rebound within 24 hours and require a second dose. I do think riding the migraine out would be much worse. It is a great medicine. Nothing else has worked as well."
"I&#039;ve took this for the first time today. I was prescribed it after very painful periods and advised to take when I have pain for as many days as I need (the first day being so bad I am crying in pain and having time off work) I started to get period cramps today took 1 dose and within an hour had no pain at all. I usually have vomiting and diarrhea with the first day but this has disappeared as well. It has also made my period so much lighter. Best medication I have had for period pain."
"Ok so I have had plaque psoriasis since I was 14 years old and I have tried every cream, every lotion , even certain foams and I have even been prescribed humira and none of of has worked the way taltz had . I took my 1st 2 shots Wed and it is now Saturday and I have noticed a big difference in just a few days ...no more itching ... The inflammation has gone down immensely.. And I can finally be comfortable putting my jeans on now ... I know that every one is different when it comes to treatment ...I&#039;m just glad I have found one that finally works for me :)"
"Great. Just take them 5 mins before bed."
"I love this medicine but I can&#039;t perform on the job if I take it. I am at work right now and I just want to sleep under my desk. But I now have minor pain instead of bad pain. Nice."
"After starting wellbutrin I didn&#039;t notice any effects until week 5, I am now on week 9. I feel so much better than before, my self image and self confidence have skyrocketed, my libido increased, I am so much more optimistic and happy too. Honestly can&#039;t say enough positive things about Wellbutrin."
"After turning 53,  I noticed I was having some issues getting a good, hard erection so as to comfortably penetrate my wife. Sex is now awesome!,  and I now out last my wife!.  I was perscribed the 20mg pill,  but use a pill cutter,  as 10mg is a better dose for me,  and lessens the facial flushing &amp; mild headache from the full dose,  and sometimes 5mg works well as well.  "
"I&#039;ve read some mixed reviews about Topamax.  Mine were awful, short-term memory loss, a state of &quot;duhh&quot;, just horrible funcionality in general.  I felt like I was getting dumber, plus no change in the migraines and cluster headaches.  Any sufferer of these types of headaches knows what I mean when you feel that type of pain thrusting through the veins of one side of your head.  Everything aches, even your teeth ache.  Touching it hurts, leaving it alone hearts...everything hurts. Anyway, I had high hopes in Topamax but no results. I am now on Elavil and I swear it&#039;s a miracle.  No headaches since."
"Had a severe sinus infection that was getting worse over a week and the Doc prescribed me a 5 day, 6 pill Z-pack of 250mg Azithromycin and 10mg Prednisone; 40mg for two days ,30mg for two days ,20mg for two days,10mg for two days and last 5mg for 3 days.

So far this cocktail of drugs has made a vast improvement in only a  few days!

No known side affects at this time, had loose stool, very little appetite and very bad time sleeping before started taking both drugs.

If i had to pick one that&#039;s most prominent I would say loose stool.

If you tend to be gassy, where a diaper just in case."
"I tried this medicine at 50mg up to 4x per day and is very helpful for chronic neck, shoulder pain I have suffered for years. There are no highs and lows like other pain medicines, also had a nerve block injection to area and that removed the pain 100%. I highly recommend it, and a nerve block. It scared me too, but worked."
"I am 23 and I have been on birth control for 7 years. I switched from Ortho Tri-Cyclen to Sprintec 3 years ago and it works amazingly. I have controlled periods and my mood stabilizes greatly with this birth-control."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for two months now and, I don&#039;t want to say it&#039;s not effective because so far it&#039;s doing it&#039;s job to stop pregnancy. My only concern is the light spotting between periods, but my doctor warned me that this would happen. I thought maybe I was making it up in my mind that I was a little bummed &amp; depressed, but now I&#039;m thinking it might be this medication because I&#039;m seeing similar reactions to this online. I hope this will pass otherwise I&#039;ll be looking for an alternative."
"First and foremost I want to let you all know, reading things on the internet, WILL NOT help, nor really be a good indicator of your personal reaction to any drug. There are many negative reviews here for Bactrim, and I&#039;m on day 3 of a 10 day dose for a staph infection (cellulitis) on, of all places the right side of my face/right ear (its wonderful!). Here&#039;s my experience:

Side Effects: Fatigue, headaches (though not consistent). I have a weaker stomach, and its doing just fine with my probiotic (get one with 30billion strands) and drinking lots of water/eating while taking it. 

The infection is clearing up. Day 3 was when I really noticed. 

Don&#039;t be anxious when taking this, its definitely a mind over matter thing sometimes too."
"Completely surprised at the positive results from this medication in a very short time. Nausea is the biggest side effect for me. I am myself again after sinking into an abyss of pain and sadness. No more panic attacks. No more uncontrolled crying spells. I can laugh again! I highly recommend this medication. 
In the appeals process w my insurance co they have denied this med."
"This is my second time having the Mirena. I got one after my first child and it was PERFECT! I had no problems and only spotted every couple of months if that. I had no pain whatsoever when it was inserted. I got it removed after a year because we decided to have another child. This time around is kind of different. I go in for my check up in 2 days and they may have to remove it because I&#039;m bleeding non stop, cramp everyday off and on to the point I cry and medicines wont take them way. I have mild mood swings nothing major. I haven&#039;t been able to feel the strings either. BUT I would recommend this to every woman because not everyone has a trouble with it. It&#039;s a good form of birth control and it works."
"This medication was a complete nightmare for me. At first it even increased my frequency in needing to urinate. The side effects of this medication were unbearable for me though and it caused me to have to stop taking this medication even when I did start seeing slight improvement in my need to urinate after two weeks. I was being treated for migraines and this medication brought my migraines back full force and even my ocular migraines came back despite still being on my migraine treatment. I would experience typical headaches almost daily as well lasting 1-3 hours and sometimes more than twice a day. I also experienced constipation, bloating and mild to moderate upper abdominal pain. The constipation caused weight gain. Nausea as well."
"I started the titration pack and am now on the full recommended dose of 50 mg twice a day - this is not working for me - I have insomnia, I wake up all night long, still have muscle pain, restless leg  at night, stiffness, leg swelling, headaches, grouchy and irritable. I have not experienced any stomach problems nor constipation. Not sure about the blurred vision being caused by this medication, as I have just been diagnosed with beginning stages of cataracts, so it could be that. I am on week 3 now. I am very disappointed. I was on Effexor for years and it worked for 7 years, but then stopped being effective. I pray for something to come along to help."
"Topamax has helped my life dramatically. I have had daily headaches for close to 20 years and I was always nervous that they would turn into a migraine, which was at least 3-4 times a month. Since I have started this medicine the headaches are gone! I am on 100mg daily and did stop taking it for about 2 weeks because I was busy. The headaches came back immediately just as bad as before the medicine and it took shots to get rid of them. I hopefully will not have to stop this medicine. I do get tingling every once in a while but it does not hurt or stop me from doing daily activities, it just surprises me. I do tell my doctor so he is able to keep track of them. Hopefully if this medicine does not work for people they can try something else."
"I started use Truvada, when Intelence affected my liver. Great combination. I stopped use sleeping pills. Take Truvada before bed. Great medicine."
"I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder off the back of a recent adult ADD diagnosis. After the first few days on just a half dose I already felt like a different person and these effects have not changed after almost two months. My mood has improved greatly, my anger and irritability have dissipated, suicidal ideation has ceased, and I rarely find myself ruminating on negative thoughts. I have since experienced brief returns to depressive feelings during periods of extreme stress, though I believe these to be circumstantial. I have experienced no side effects except perhaps a slight reduction in sex drive. I would give Brintellix 10 but for the cost which is not covered by the Australian Pharmaceutical Benefit Scheme."
"I went through an early menopause in my 49&#039;s and my gyn prescribed Angeliq. The only dose it came in then was .5/1. Now 10 years later I am going through menopause a 2nd time. Lucky me. My primary care tried me on multiple medications - none of which relieved my symptoms and all but 1 made me sick. Long start short I started taking the low dose version yesterday and I&#039;m hopeful. Think I feel better already, but that could be wishful thinking. I remember feeling like myself again after about a week. I took Angeliq for about 4 years with no side effects."
"I was fortunate to have found an effective method of treatment for my depression after trying only a few different medications.  I began with Lexapro, which gave me drymouth, provided little relief and resulted in an uncomfortable feeling if a dosage was missed.  Cymbalta gave me a constant headache.  I started on 20mg of Celexa and after a few weeks I felt more like myself.  I have been taking 40mg for three years and have had great results with few side effects.  Mild decreased in sex drive."
"I got my nexplanon inserted November 2015 while I was on my period on the 5th day, ever since then(4months later)I&#039;ve bled constantly ever since. My doctor tried giving me the pill to balance out my hormones but no luck at all. I constantly have cramps and headaches and sometimes heat flashes. I want it out so bad but removal costs $150 :("
"My wife needed to get her bowels moving and so I purchased some Dulcolax laxative suppositories. It began working within 15 minutes, but then she began breaking out in hives all over her body accompanied by severe itching. We eventually had to take her to the emergency room for a Benadryl IV. "
"Was on Dexedrine for 10 years. Loved it. Just stopped last month because I had tachycardia and an ectopic arrhythmia. Both started about 2 years ago, and I only recently had confirmed that both are non-existent when off of Dexedrine. Have been taking 30mg/day. Switching to Strattera tomorrow, hoping it can provide all the benefits of Dexedrine without the heart issues!"
"I was at 185 now 174!! So far 11lb down in a little less than two weeks.. super excited! My goal weight is 130-135. 185 is the most i ever weighed..i dont think i look it, but the scale doesn&#039;t lie! Lol. Ive had a few symptoms so far...dry mouth, lasts all day whether i chew gum, drink water. Insomnia is horrible, i can have three hours of sleep and be fine all day. I use to get really jittery and want to move around but so far i havent been super hyper like i was. Today i felt my hands and feet tingling not bad though. I have also had a headache the past two days...which it may not even be from this hopefully itll go away. I also would have hot.flashes but then get cold. Overall im just excited to see results!!"
"I got nexplanon inserted I&#039;m September 2015. Had no period until December, bleed for a month and a half. Spotted or bled lightly most of the time. Other than that haven&#039;t had any noticeable or complain worthy symptoms."
"I have had two knee surgeries in the past 20 months.  I had 3 rounds of Synvisc with no relief whatsoever.  My doctor suggested Supartz.  Although I was hesitant, he convinced me to try it.  Boy am I glad I did.  I went from walking with a noticeable limp to biking 35 to 45 miles at a clip and walking with no pain.  This occurred in 5 weeks!!!  I am thrilled with this medication and would recommend it to anyone suffering knee pain.  The worst that could happen is it doesn&#039;t work."
"I have been on clomid for about 6 months now, no baby yet, but I did end up with a bladder and kidney infection which I have never had before."
"Never written a review in my life. Was often on these sites reading peoples experiences and hoping 1 day i would be me again. Im not me , im happier then i can remember . When your used to living with anxiety daily you dont realise how it actually feels to be &quot;normal&quot;. Suffered panic attacks at night that came from absolutely nowhere, no warnings or triggers and gradually effected my day to day life. Started 50mg, first 2 weeks side effects were pretty harsh ; insomnia , increase anxiety , nausea. Was having second thoughts at 4 weeks as didnt see much improvement . Week 5 felt like a switch was turned on in my head. Give this drug 6-8 weeks minimum. it has been life changing for me"
"I will NEVER take this again. I just started taking it and everything was fine and I loved it. I got to about halfway through my second month and all hell broke loose. I had the WORST period I had ever had. I never had cramps or heavy needing until this pill. I continuously had blood clots and wouldn&#039;t stop bleeding for over a month. I kept taking it until my 3rd month and after that it still continued. No stopping. So I stopped taking it and then had an even worse period and had to go to the doctor due to bleeding a way abnormal amount. NEVER again."
"I am 66 and in the last 12 months have suddenly started to have difficulty in maintaining an erection

I am in the UK and bought Sildenafil online (although it was Viagra which arrived) in 25mg form. It seems extremely reasonably priced

I bought it without telling my wife, and only used it after she suggested it. It felt like an admission of failure, and that she might think it was insulting to her.

Intercourse has taken place twice now, both times around 2 hours after taking it. The erection is more like it was even fairly recently but not exceptional as reported elsewhere (so scored an 8). Have had little in the way of side effects so far. Perhap a larger dose has greater effect both good and bad

Recommend it? Absolutely!"
"I have found that the Internet is flooded with really negative reviews on the copper coil, so I thought I&#039;d share my experience. 

I&#039;m 19 and have no children, I was on the pill for a while a few years ago but it made me very hormonal. I have a lot of mental health difficulties and take medication for that and don&#039;t like the idea of taking hormones that screw with my head! I&#039;ve heard many good stories about the coil so decided this was a good option. 

It got fitted yesterday, the procedure only took about 5 minutes and was completely painless - a bit weird and uncomfortable, but painfree. I was very crampy after so was taking painkillers but now feel great! I would definitely recommend, I was so worried about the pain but it was fine :)"
"I started with Lexapro about 2 years ago. I was angry at everyone. Someone walking down the street, someone in a car, people I didn&#039;t know let alone my family. I was in pain, working, doing what you have to do and I was mad. This was a great medicine for me. I take many other medicines but this is one I wouldn&#039;t want to give up."
"Had bad luck with Ultram and never took this garbage drug again. I have Chronic Spine Pain and 23 Major Spine Surgeries. I have DJD, bilateral, lumbar adhesive arachnoiditis and Neuropathic pain in left leg ( thigh area) with anterior and lateral nerve damage from lumbar Spine surgery. Now have to take Neurontin 400mg capsules for this leg pain. Also, Ultram made me very uncomfortable and did not like the sensation whatsoever. Did not help my Pain at all and side effects make me tell them I am allergic to the drug. I do not want anything that doesn&#039;t assist my Chronic Spine Pain! There are plenty of opioids that help me so much better. Just have to work well with my Pain Specialist."
"I had previously been put on every kind of antidepressant for depresion/anxiety. They all worked horribly; so I stopped all drugs and ceased seeing doctors. 
Then, I felt insanely suicidal- I was absolutely crazed. Luckily my sister urged me to seek help as fast as I could- so I did. I went to see another psychiatrist, and he diagnosed me as bipolar. I started on Lamictal, but that didn&#039;t do anything for me. Then I switched to Lithium- THANK GOODNESS I still get depressed, but I never get sucked into a deep suicidal hole like before. I quit the drug for 1 month, which caused me to think about suicide unrelentlessly. Never again will I stop taking Lithium. (Does cause extreme thirst and hand tremors, but well worth it)"
"Pros: Olanzapine controls conversations in my head to clear thoughts, working exstremely well. I have taken Olanzapine for the majority of ten years, nothing else works as good for me.
Cons: I gained weight at the begining of treatment (eating too much) because of hunger sensation, but this subsides. I have neck stiffness - this may not be connected to treatment, also irregular heart beat (not serious), I think this is probably unconnected to treatment."
"This pill is amazing ,I really think its the magic pill ,I&#039;m smoke free now ,thanks zyban"
"I&#039;ve been on zoloft for almost four weeks now and it&#039;s been a life changer I use to suffer from poor impulse control anxiety and bad depression about two weeks in I started feeling better happier like.the feeling of dread has been removed the demon&#039;s are silenced I feel like I want to live I want to succeed it&#039;s like a dream come true ive suffered from drug addiction in the past and since started zoloft I don&#039;t feel the craving that overwhelming desire to get high the only downside to zoloft. Is the restlessness when.trying to sleep but it&#039;s worth the trade off I started on 50 MG and am now at 100mg per day thank god for zoloft"
"Started taking this a few days ago. The comment about the bad taste~ UNDERSTATEMENT, it tastes NASTY, but seems to be working well. I am currently on Seroquel 200 mg, temazepam 45mg, and Xanax as needed. I am dropping down on the Seroquel until I&#039;m completely off. Horrible weight gainer, but does help. Since starting this, I have not taken ANY Xanax and I have energy during the day and it seems to curb my hunger."
"I used it along with Paxill. I used it every night for about 2 1/2 years. It did the job of getting me to sleep very well. It would without fail cause me to sleep. It lasted 4 hours, then I would wake up often, but I felt quite rested. Only occasionally would I take a second dose feeling that I needed more sleep. DO NOT MIX WITH ALCOHOL. "
"Got a call from my rheumatologist today advising that my recent bone density test showed no improvement in my osteoporosis. I&#039;ve been taking Boniva, 150 mg tablet, monthly for five (5) years. Have had a few side affects with the drug but nothing that has been troublesome to the extent that I wanted to discontinue the therapy. My rheumatologist now wants me to discontinue Boniva and try a different drug. Needless to say, I was disappointed in having spent five years taking a drug that was not beneficial. C&#039;est la vie."
"Have powerful erections, but suddenly at age 72 began to loose erection during intercourse.  Levitra cured the problem.  Been using it for a year&mdash;very effective, although time needed can be 30 minutes to an hour.  Once a week intercourse at age 73 is still routinely necessary to maintain  healthy sexual life."
"If evil had a taste, it would be this vile, nausea-inducing, gag-causing putrid concoction invented by Lucifer. Dear Lord is there nothing else more palatable? I&#039;m dreading the next one at 3:30."
"So I was reading all these reviews about the insertion of Skyla and totally freaked me out but everyone is different. I was on a generic version of Seasonique.  I wanted to have a less hormonal birth control and my GYN recommended Skyla. I had a friend come up with me just in case I needed to have someone drive me home. I took the 800mg of ibuprofen 30 minutes like recommended. She got everything ready while I laid there. I could barely feel her inserting it. She did tell me she does them all day and maybe that&#039;s why it was with easy. She also said I picked the right one bc my cervix wouldn&#039;t dilate pass a 5, which the Mirena or the copper iud. I had very light cramping couple days and then a 5 day period."
"My back was severely injured in 1981 I have had numerous surgeries and am disabled   I have an implanted pain pump  I have used Vicodin for at least 20 years. I use it when I need it. I go several days and sometimes weeks without taking it. I get some pain relief. I am never pain free I don&#039;t use enough to kill the pain just enough to make it bearable. "
"I was prescribed hydroxyzine as an anti nausea med  for after surgery. I quickly noticed how it calmed me down. Post surgery bathing was especially anxiety inducing for me. I would take one before getting in so I could handle it. It also was the only way I could sleep otherwise I would be up after a couple hours due to inactivity (surgery was from a sports injury). 

I decided to get another prescription for it as an anxiety medication after having an anxiety attack. I took one to calm down and within minutes my panic was under control. 

Highly recommended for post surgery and the occasional anxiety attack."
"I had my colonoscopy two days ago and the propofol was excellent at knocking me out and I was awakened by the nurse in my recovery cubicle. I felt pretty good as I woke up, mostly relieved it was over. My only issue with propofol is the extreme fatigue I&#039;m still feeling. I have no energy and not too much of an appetite either.  The drained feeling is quite similar to the lack of energy or enthusiasm one feels with depression. I was given propofol once before with another procedure and had the same reaction. I may be someone who doesn&#039;t process the drug out of my body quickly, but I have heard others say the same thing. I&#039;m forcing myself to eat as I know the suprep I was given for prep for the colonoscopy drained me and that may a factor."
"Been on Angeliq for 2 years now All hot flushes disappeared within 3 days! Hallelujah feel human again!!!!    Felt great for a year lots of energy only problem was my breasts went up 2 cup sizes! I then decided to take half a tablet and after a month my breast reduced back to normal! ....For the second year I found I had vertigo!  Also I felt a shaking inside my body like I had swallowed a mobile phone on vibrate the doctor said it could be anxiety which comes with the menopause!  Vertigo is one of the rare side effects with Angelic so asking my doctor to find a low dose of another Hrt hope this works! 
Will let you know later how this works out!"
"I&#039;ve been taking four Ursodiol tablets a day for many years. My liver enzymes have stayed normal. Biopsy showed Stage 1."
"I have been on this medicine for only 3 weeks and my love addiction, my sex addiction have all but practically disappeared. I don&#039;t feel as depressed I feel even, grounded and no longer have the feeling that I am separated from myself. My obsessive thoughts have all but disappeared. I was constantly thinking about my ex who broke up with me 9 months ago. I feel finally that I got my life back. I prefer low libido than constantly thinking that every attractive girl I connect with might be my future girlfriend. Celexa works for me, I have been on and off them for years now but now I am sticking to the program. Be patient people and stick to the program."
"I was prescribed this for mild anxiety after I was in a car accident and the headaches I got as a result. I took ONE 20 mg at night and woke up four hours later with the most horrible panic attack (that&#039;s what the doctor said). I&#039;ve never had that happen in my life. My heart was racing and pounding, I would get hot then cold and back again, I was shaking so bad I could hardly type. I wanted to cry but couldn&#039;t, scream or something. I felt like all of a sudden I had a different personality. My heart raced for 4 days after that. I never took another after that first one. I&#039;ve been having heart pounding sensations for days in the last three weeks since taking the Cymbalta. "
"I&#039;ve been taking lamotrigine along with bupropion for ten weeks. It wasn&#039;t until around 8 weeks that I could say without a doubt that the medication is working. Strenuous exercise helps to relieve the depression and control mania."
"I had scoliosis surgery about 30 yrs ago. Was in an auto accident herniated cervical and lumbar discs. Now fused T1-S1. Lumbar fusion resulted in nerve damage with pain radiating through right leg to my toes. Lyrica and Neurontin didn&#039;t help. Tramadol worked wonders. I take 2-50mg tabs and they get me moving. But they keep me up at  night the pain keeps me up all night too so I take temazepam for sleep. Now I&#039;m trying the extended release version at night hoping the lag time until they start working will allow me some sleep and I&#039;ll feel better when I wake up."
"This was my first birth control.I didn&#039;t experience any side effects except I do think that they affected my mood. I became a lot more emotional about a lot of things and people which I didn&#039;t think was possible since I was already pretty emotional. 
No acne, no bad cramps, no weird periods. Only switched because of an insurance issue."
"I took it with almost no side effects. I did have a headache one day, but that could have been from anything. My only complaint was that the pills were huge and hard to swallow."
"A life saver. Stopped working after 5 months but I am fascinated how this medicine got me out of severe depression. I was praying to die every night even I am an agnostic. I was that desperate. I don&#039;t now it&#039;s still beneficial but I take 60 mg just to be cautious. I was up to 120 mg. With Cymbalta now I&#039;m on 54 mg Concerta (wish to take Adderall but not legitimate in my country), 200 mg Lamictal and 5 mg Xanax(built up tolerance) if need be. Still in depression but not bad as the past years. If you have major depression at least give this medicine a chance."
"Prescribed this drug several years ago.  Shortly after taking it I went 5 nights without sleep and was subsequently hospitalized for a manic episode with delusions.  It took months to recover from the depression that followed.  I was on mood stabilizers for a year and a half post episode before gaining enough courage to ween off entirely.  It has been a few years now that I am clean and clear of all medications.  Mentally stable and back to working in emergency medicine.  I have since stayed far away from the entire &quot;myocin&quot; family of antibiotics for fear that I am hypersensitive.  Highly recommend staying away from this drug."
"Today is my one year anniversary of being smoke free - thank you Chantix! I took this for 3 months, and weened myself off of it the same way I began it. I also cut the dosage down to one pill a day at the 6-week mark. I checked in with my doctor after a month about depression (this and and the weening off of the medcine I believe are very important to success). I had some tough days, but really clear thinking and the ability to say no when a craving would come over me. I smoked for 35 years...If I can do it, so can you!"
"I think I waited to long to start taking this medication. I too along with many others was against &quot;happy pills&quot; as I used to call them, I started having anxiety attacks at work and my emotions were starting to bleed into every aspect of my life, I had to do something. Depression is sneaky... you don&#039;t realize what its doing to you until you  can step out of it and take a breath a real clear minded breath. That what Celexa has been for me. It made me soo tired at the beginning and I didn&#039;t eat much, but after about a week I noticed I was not crying all day like before. I cant say I feel super happy all the time but I notice that I am not as sad  and I have energy to do more than lay on the couch on the weekends!"
"Worst experience ever.  I took one capsule and two hours started diarrhea.  I only took one more tablet 12 hours later. I had diarrhea for 4 weeks.  I had hemorrhoid flair up.  Never again will I take this drug. I think it took about 4 months to get my gut straightened out. Be very cautious of this drug"
"I&#039;ve had super clear skin until the last week of eighth grade! Now it&#039;s summer and I needed something to help my sudden breakout before high school. My doctor recommended Epiduo. At first, I was using it twice a day because I thought it would get rid of the acne faster. It didn&#039;t. I couldn&#039;t wear makeup because my skin was dry and peeling and way discolored. So I stopped for about 3 days and just moisturized. My acne got a little worst after that. I am 5 days past the 1 month mark and my skin is actually just starting to clear up. I used it once a day at night with the Cetaphil face wash. I only have it in the middle of my forehead near my hairline and on my cheeks. I was getting very discouraged, but the medicine needs about 3 months."
"The first time I took next choice I took it 3 days after unprotected sex and was afraid it wouldn&#039;t work but my period came as usual. The second time I took it 24hrs after unprotected sex my period didn&#039;t come as usual but thankfully right before I was about to waste $14 on a test my period came late (better then not at all). Next choice has always worked for me. And I wouldn&#039;t hesitate to use again if I had to."
"I went from 20mg to 60mg and felt tip top.

It curbed my obsessive compulsive disorder and it no longer ruled my life completely. Unfortunately I was feeling that good I started drinking, TO OFTEN, which stopped the medication working. I then convinced myself it would no longer work even though I stopped drinking. I then went onto citalopram, which did nothing for me at all. 

I then missed a docs appointment and then decided I would get through it all without tablets. I was ok for a while until the anxiety, OCD started to bully me again, I was a nightmare to live with, countless arguments with my missus, I couldn&#039;t handle anything shouting, screaming at my children.  I&#039;m back on fluoxedtine now, and really regret coming off it like I did."
"I&#039;ve used HypoTears for many, many years, always with strong approval by optometrists and my now-retired ophthalmologist. I&#039;m crushed to learn that it is no long available. I have long counted on it for my eye comfort, and now I have to find something else that I like."
"I read the posts and decided to keep it cold. 
I just drank it at 6pm and tried not to think about it ,
After a few good chugs a rinsed my mouth with 
Ginger beer , spit and drink a few more good chugs . Someone said ginger ale , which is 
Fine , but ginger beer is a non alcoholic stronger
Ginger flavor . Anyhow I drank the two 16 oz 
Waters during the next half hour . Started 
Pooping watery in about an hour and stayed on the toilet until almost 8:30 . Made a few more trips 
During the night and even this morning some . 
No pain or nausea or shaking , went ok for me 
But have to drink it again in an hour and that&#039;s 
Not something I want to do again ."
"I&#039;ve tried a lot of meds for my compulsive/obsessive tendencies and Abilify is the only one that seems to work."
"I like it.. ok, for the first 4 months my bleeding was non stop and horrible headaches but I went to my doctor and she wrote me a prescription and told me to take the birth control pill also for 1 month straight to control the bleeding and it worked.. I haven&#039;t really had a period since then..  and in Nov it will be 1 year with me having it in.. no weight gain and if so it&#039;s me because I love to eat.. lol.. but no other side effects for me!!! If everything stays this way I will probably get it in again after my 3 years is up.."
"My experience has been horrible. I got Nexplanon 6 weeks after giving birth. I had gotten pregnant while I was on the pill so I wanted to try something different. I&#039;ve been bleeding for three and a half months straight. Severe acne and mood swings. I&#039;ve been feeling really depressed for no reason. I&#039;ve gained 15 pounds I can&#039;t seem to lose. And this last month I have been having horrible flu like symptoms. It feels like it&#039;s taking over my life. I&#039;m getting it out this month."
"I have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Pretty much bed ridden. Took 100 mg of Modafinil. Within 5 minutes, had lots of pressure in my head.Very unpleasant. Did absolutely nothing to make me feel better. Instead, felt worse. Extreme pressure in head lasted 90 minutes. Then mild headache rest of the day. Very disappointing."
"Diphenhydramine didn&#039;t work for me so I tried doxylamine. First night took one 25mg pill and was out within the hour, got a full eight hours but woke up super groggy. The groggiest lasted most of the next day, definitely wasn&#039;t worth it. I tried it again two days later with only half a pill. Had the same great sleep with only minimal grogginess. I&#039;ve continued to take 1/2 a 25mg pill 2-3 times a week when I know sleeping with be a struggle with great results. I&#039;d recommend anyone who experiences the sleep hangover to try a lower dose before writing it off."
"I have been on 10 mg of Lexapro for about 6 years.  I am so thankful for this medication.  I am a crying weepy mess without it!"
"Actually raised my heart rate from 70s to mid 80s to 100+ and did nothing for my blood pressure. Also gave me side effect of flashing lights at night in left eye. Wound up in ER after taking this drug for 3 months and LOST 14 pounds. Dr. Said impossible that this was due to metopropol, but as soon as I changed to Bystolic, heart rate decreased to 60s and 70s and weight stopped dropping. Guess I was allergic to it."
"I have found that this medication not only relieves my chronic pain but I am able to take it and still work- I could not do that with the standard narcotic pain relievers which are typically prescribed. Thanks to my doctor&#039;s recommendation of this medicine I am able to live a much less painful and much more fulfilling life."
"I have been taking this medication on and off roughly for about 5 years now I think. I take it at night because it helps to shut my brain off and it makes me tired. My anxiety/depression manifests in knee, leg and body pain. I don&#039;t necessarily feel anxious or I don&#039;t think I am depressed, but obviously there is something there. As soon as I start taking this medicine again I can move. I can do stairs without cringing in pain. Little things in life don&#039;t bother me as much. I love it..so maybe this time I will just stay on it. I don&#039;t experience the weight gain or the sexual side effects."
"I absolutely LOVE this product!!!! For several years I have been battling my dark spots on my upper lip and cheeks.  I just couldn&#039;t go anywhere without packing on a heavy coat of makeup.  Thanks to my wonderful dermatologist that recommended &quot;Tri-Luma&quot;.  I&#039;m happy to say I don&#039;t need the heavy cover-up makeup or any makeup at all.  I notice the results within a week.  It is a bit pricey, however i was able to find several coupons on the web.  The total price was only $100, and sooooooo worth it!!!"
"I was given this medication at 36 weeks of pregnancy because they tried to stop the contractions. My doctor suggested this medication as a last resort. I was admitted a week later with no fetal heartbeat. Subsequently this medication stop the blood flow to the placenta ultimately causing my son Jayden to have a heart attack. It was not given approval to be administered on pregnant females and was in testing phases for pre term labor.  This drug has cost me a lifetime of agony."
"PART 1 This stuff is amazing, by far the best product if you are looking for something to help with your skin. If you have gotten this product from a dermatologist, and you&#039;ve come across my review. Make sure you aren&#039;t just slabbing it on thinking it will give you faster results, this WILL dry out your skin if you aren&#039;t careful. Use enough that it will cover your whole face (don&#039;t get close too your eyes) but ONLY do this once a week, and slowly add it into your routine. Than the next week, do it twice, with a few days in between, than the next week 3.. etc. Your skin needs to adapt too this product, otherwise IT WILL HURT. If your skin does get a little dry, I suggest using &quot;Nivea Cream&quot; it comes in a 100ml blue bottle."
"I received this medication in the ER for kidney stones.  Twice before the ER had given me Demerol for this pain and while it helped it did not completely give me relief.  THIS did! I do not know if it caused nausea or not, because they gave me Zofran along with it.  I know that if I am ever in severe pain again I hope the doctor will give me this medicine.  Also I had no memory loss like I do with morphine, which is a plus.  I only received it through IV."
"When I turned 26 I began getting really bad, cystic acne on my chin/around my mouth.  I would &quot;pop&quot; the cysts and cause all kinds of scabs/scars on my chin area.   Finally I went to the dermatologist and she prescribed me Ziana.  Let me just start of by saying this stuff is nothing short of a miracle.  Within 2 weeks my face looks brand new again.  I use it everyday.  I went a few weeks without using it and the bumps began to come back%u2026  Also, a little bit goes a long way.  I put a very thin layer on my face every night.  I think some people may be putting too much on their face which is causing their skin to be oily (the Ziana is causing the oil to come out of your skin which is what is causing the acne anyway).  Good luck!!"
"I am a 43-year-old healthy female. No diabetes, no high cholesterol  and not on any other medications. I had to start taking spiro because of edema. My legs and feet were were so puffy I could barely wear shoes.  I&#039;ve been on spiro for a week now.  I lost 6 pounds of water in the first three days of taking it. My legs and feet are still puffy so progress is gradual.  I also elevate my legs whenever I can.  I&#039;ve never used another diuretic other than this one so I can&#039;t compare it.   My doctor prescribed it for two weeks only, I take it in the morning with my breakfast and have not experienced any side effects at all except mild thirst in the mornings upon waking up."
"Up until last month, I&#039;d had no negative side-effects; no migraines  (which are normal for me), no depression, regular anxiety, cleared my hormonal acne, regular if not strengthened sex drive, fairly regular periods. 2 months ago, I had a long and heavy period. It was the first time I&#039;ve ever bled through. Because of that, I was prescribed trivora, which I hated. In very beginning, my sex drive peaked, but that quickly ended because it made sex very painful and it lacked any pleasure.  also left me extremely depressed and crying constantly (I NEVER cry). I switched back to tri-previfem after only a week on trivora. Everyone has a different experience, but mine was positive. 
P.S. it&#039;s only $9 at Walmart."
"I have had the Nexplanon implant in for six months and I have very few complaints. After getting it in, I bled lightly for about a month and then my period stopped all together. Overall, my complaints involve my body. I have gained weight, my face stays broken out, and I&#039;m not as happy as I used to be. But the Nexplanon does its job, just makes me nervous because without my period, i don&#039;t know if I&#039;m pregnant especially with the way that it mimics pregnancy symptoms."
"I have a big ovarian cyst on my right ovary so my doctor told me to try Pontsel but I&#039;ve been using it and nothing has changed for me."
"I took 150 mg x 2 daily of nucynta for full body stabbing pain and it didn&#039;t even help one bit for the pain. I do not recommend this drug to anyone, it is a waste of time , money and it doesn&#039;t work for moderate to severe pain. There was a survey on Facebook the other day in a support group and nucynta helped only 1 in 10 people for there pain. The only positive side it had no side effects for me but I rather had it made me sleepy and help my pain then waste my time and money. Disgrace of a pill"
"I learned to sail keelboats 8 years ago.  I love it, but am prone to seasickness. I tried ginger initially but that was ineffective.  Then a friend suggested Bonine and I have used it ever since.  I don&#039;t feel drowsy while sailing, but on the drive home after sailing and all the next day I can be very drowsy.  To combat the drowsiness I tried reducing my dose, I now take 1/3-1/2 a tablet each time I go out (once or twice a week), increasing the dose up to 1-1/2 tablets if I expect rough seas.  Over the 7 years of twice a week use, I have only had trouble twice in stormy 6 ft seas.  Highly recommend, but figure out your best dose.   I have taken it for up to 10 days continuously without ill effects."
"Stopped my Crohn&#039;s Disease flare up very quickly and rather effectively."
"Compared to last year, a feel may grass pollen allergy far less in my airways this year. Before starting Singulair, I could get asthma attacks of just low amounts of grass pollen. Now, my tolerance has greatly improved. The same goes with my eyes. It took some weeks, but now I hardly need eye drops (i.e. Cromolyn) any more. This medicine has truly exceeded my expectations. 
Side effects were slight itching and drowsiness the first two weeks or so."
"I have been using Nubain for the last 6 years and I can honestly say, it&#039;s changed my life.  I am in dire need of a knee replacement but nobody will do the procedure due to my age..I am told by orthopedic doctors to wait until I&#039;m at least 46( I&#039;m 44) so I have 2 more years to wait.  I was a collegiate gymnast and coached for 17 years, have had 2 ACL surgeries and basically have bone on bone knee pain.  I have tried everything..but this is a life changer.  "
"I had tried Viagra without any positive results, before my doctor switched me to Cialis (20 mg) tablets. I take one tablet, usually an hour to 3 hours before intercourse. What a difference this has truly made in our lives. We had gone two plus years without real sex, mostly just foreplay. Now, with Cialis, I am rock hard like my younger days and can go for hours. I always wake up with a pitched tent the next morning . Sometimes I do wake up with a mild head ache as a side effect but that is really all."
"Gabapentin is a miracle worker. While I was suffering with depression and severe anxiety, I was against taking any type of medications to help me however things were starting to get out control. I am very happy with how things are now. My mood swings are finally under control and I am to think clearer than ever before."
"It&#039;s been almost 2 years since switching over from Atripla to Complera  and  I&#039;ve never had any problems or side effects with the medication. I usually take complera after dinner."
"I was really frightened to get Mirena after reading some of the awful reviews. However, it has been a good experience so far. I have had it for about a week. I was told about the spotting and I have only had a little one day. I had absolutely no stomach cramping after a couple of hours after it was put in, but you must take about 5 Aleve before and after. The worst part was when they put it in. It wasn&#039;t bad until they dilated my cervix, and let me say, if that&#039;s what childbirth feels like, I&#039;m scared. That lasted for about 45 seconds and then was over. Overall, I&#039;ve had a pretty good experience. Everyone is different, but I am amazed at how little side effects I&#039;ve had."
"Frova works best for me out of the all the Migraine medicine I have tried.  It has the least side effects &amp; does not make me sleepy. It works in around 30 mins for me.  However, my insurance company is now needing approval from the doctor because it is so expensive."
"I have been taking Yaz for roughly around 7 years, it was a miracle pill for my PMDD when I first started taking it. Over the past 3-4 years I have not been feeling up to par. Severe allergies, fatigue, mouth ulcers, no interest in sex, moodiness and stomach pain are just a few of the things I had been experiencing.  After a bout of moodiness and having to be talked to twice at work (this never happens, I pride myself in my work ethics) I finally decided to check into the background and rare side effects of Yaz, I have been experiencing all of them! I&#039;m not suggesting this will happen to everyone but if you start to not quite feel yourself it never hurts to check into your medications background. I will stop taking Yaz!"
"After being on Viberzi for less than a week I became suddenly stricken with severe abdominal pain and vomiting. My husband called an ambulance and I don&#039;t even remember getting to the hospital. I came to 2 days later and was told I went into a coma in the ICU and my organs were shutting down. My doctor told me I came within minutes of dying then just turned around and came back to the land of the living. I have absolutely no memory of any of it."
"I have been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis for 17 years. I started Ampyra 3 years ago and since then I am more stable. I walk a little bit faster and get a lot more done in a day. Right after I started Ampyra I was able to snowboard with my kids, something I never thought would have been possible."
"I suffered from toenail fungus on my left big toe for ten years. After having no luck with over the counter medications I went to my dermatologist who prescribed a pain on one. I went through several months of using it and had zero improvement. My dermatologist then prescribed a 3 month treatment of terbinafine. I am now done with the treatment and my nail is about 75% clear! Had all of the blood work done and everything came back fine. I thought I was experiencing side effects the first few weeks but I think it was mostly in my head because I read all of these awful reviews. All I can say is that this literally has changed my life and I am so mad I didn&#039;t try to get prescribed to it ten years ago!!! 10/10 would recommend."
"One way to relieve the nausea is to take Brintellix in Peanut or almond butter.  Put the bill directly in the pnut butter. It really helps. 
If nausea occurs when beginning the med it usually goes away within a couple weeks. Same for increasing the dose."
"This medicine works well for me and I tried a lot of medicines. It&#039;s a little pill, does a lot. People have said I seem much better and have my personality back (I was on lithium, made me like a zombie). Hardly any side effects. I take it with Lamictal. A  "
"I took two pills at 3:00 pm, I fell asleep around 10:30 pm and woke up wide awake at 1:00 am! I&#039;m still sneezing and coughing but I&#039;m feeling better than I was before so it works but now I&#039;m wide awake and can fall back asleep and I feel funny like my heart beat is slower. I sure hope this feeling passes!"
"I haven&#039;t pooped in 2 weeks, tried laxatives, enemas, suppositories, nothing helped. Went to my Dr, had an x-ray, was told I was backed up from top to bottom 
( full of $#!the ). Dr said get some Mag Citrate, he didn&#039;t say I&#039;d turn into a mud factory.  I&#039;ve been in the bathroom for 3 hours and still going strong,felling like there&#039;s no end in sight. My rear latterly feels like  a ring of fire. 
So yes, it works. Like the Energizer bunny, I keep going and going!!"
"Started Lutera six months after the pains started and the very first month my pains have gone down significantly.  I&#039;m amazed and grateful for this pill!"
"I am an RN and used Biafine on a number of conditions, 1st and 2nd degree burns are my favorite, because it decreases the pain tenfold. I have seen Biafine heal pressure sores that previously nothing helped  and I have personally put it on things like cuts that should have taken weeks to heal and they would be completely healed in a matter of days."
"This medication has been working well for me so far and I&#039;ve tried them all. Glad it comes in 2 doses. I figure I can get good results with 3mg why bump up to 6mg. Side effects are nothing compared to others I have tried. I hope I don&#039;t get used to it but my doctor said it&#039;s not addicting."
"This was the second BC pill I&#039;ve ever been put on and my experience has been amazing ... once I let my body adjust to the pill. At first I experience an almost three week period. However, now I don&#039;t really even get any period and I am asymptomatic. I had horrid cramps and really bad PMS (PMDD) and it&#039;s all gone now. :) I&#039;m so happy!"
"I&#039;ve been in chronic pain for YEARS..just the other day I took cymbalta..it worked the first day..unbelievable I was amazed.I read a ton of bad reviews so I was sceptical. But it worked..I dont have to take any pain meds at all.
I have fibromyalgia small fiber nuropothy degenerative disc disease osteoarthritis lupus.."
"Convenient, easy to use....best blood glucose numbers!"
"I&#039;ve been trying this patch for about 3 weeks now and the cramps are unbearable I feel like I need to take midol everyday it&#039;s so bad feels like period cramps, I feel so nauseous that I want to throw up and my boobs are terribly SORE not to mention it has caused me to have a horrible yeast infection that I&#039;ve treated twice in 2 weeks and it just won&#039;t subside! I&#039;m hoping after I get through this month of the patch that my body becomes immune to it otherwise this patch is the devil and I HATE it I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"My neurologist has tried me on several medicines, but I work in the OR that the Cymbalta and Lexapro do make the pain manageable but I think all the side effects are with me. Mentally I felt like I was floating. I have done the amitriptyline, Neurontin, Buspar, Ultram, Flexeril. But when I read Mucinex I thought you are kidding me. The next morning I went and got some Maximum Strength 12 hr relief and also tried the liquid but I prefer the tablets. Try it I promise it works. Sounds crazy but it does."
"Prevents dwelling on missed loved ones, crying, irritability, feeling left out, self-pity, resentment, bitterness.
Has either hurt or failed to help low energy  level, motivation, task initiation, and focus
Worth it and would not want to try to live without it.
If I miss a dose all that first paragraph stuff comes back but the worst is the physical brain zaps and dizziness upon standing &amp; walking.   If I miss it for 2 days or more, I get a fever and flu symptoms."
"I have taken Norco on and off for my neck and back pain for years.  My stomach produces too much stomach acid and so I developed stomach problems and can no longer take those type of prescriptions orally. I couldn&#039;t take enough Norco all of the time to keep the pain under control without it making me sick anyway.  Butrans came along and now the pain is consistently under control and no stomach problems."
"After 3 years of Rebif, I couldn&#039;t poke myself any more!!  I was then on Tysabri for 2 years, until my JCV test came back positive. I am now on my 11th month of Gilenya, and LOVE it. My only real symptom is fatigue. I have had a few more headaches than usual, and a very low WBC count, but otherwise, no other side effects.  Have always been a yoga-loving vegetarian. Am on Novartis&#039;s $0 copay program, so my portion is nothing!"
"I just started taking Seroquel XR a week ago after a bad experience with Geodon.  So far, so good.  I feel more &quot;laid back&quot; on Seroquel and it helps me sleep which is good for me because I have bad insomnia.  I&#039;m only taking 150mg now, but notice no ill effects.  Time will tell if I need to take more."
"The first month I had it in I was supposed to start my period but I didn&#039;t start it til two weeks later it lasted about a week then spotting for a few days after that; since then I have not had a period. I like that I don&#039;t have to worry about a period at all. I am 5&#039;1 and started weight 130 when I started right now I weigh 133, I did go up to 148 but that was due to a medical issue completely apart, after being treated I am going back to my usual weight. I did actually lose a bit a weight the first few months while on it. I will say the annoying part is minor fatty parts I cannot seem to get rid of, that being my arms and upper back/hormonal weight? I have since gone Vegan and exercise a bit more too."
"This is a WONDER DRUG in the use of depression. I have suffered for years with depression and never with any relief from the mainstream anti-depressants. Either the side effects were intolerable, or the medicine just didn&#039;t work. Within 3 days of taking Provigil, I was the happiest, most productive I had been in a year. The first 2 days I was still really sleepy, and the 3rd day, a little hyper, but after that day I have felt EXCELLENT. I don&#039;t have anxiety attacks anymore and I get a full night of &quot;good&quot; sleep and wake up feeling extremely refreshed and I am happy again. I was on my couch for a straight 6 months sleeping and crying until I started this medicine. It literally saved my life."
"This pill definitely works. My initial cycle started 7 days after I took the pill. I ended up having two periods Last month because of the pill. I received my next period about 6 weeks after I took the pill. I had no side effects at all! However, it changed my period completely. My flow isn&#039;t heavy as it used to and it still has this dry blood appearance (dark red instead of the normal color of blood). Its also more fluidy or watery than the usual blood. All in all, my worry is that my body did not take this pill as well as others."
"I have only had the Mirena a couple of days but I really wanted to comment on the pain of insertion. Although it is very very uncomfortable type of a feeling, it was NOT excruciating pain like some people had. I&#039;m 26, have had no kids, and am overweight (if that helps). It is over with fairly quickly, no longer than a minute or two. I felt some intense cramping and a couple of pinches of pain, but it the pain spread into just a bad cramp. Just breathe and you&#039;ll be okay. I got this put in because I was sick of breakthrough bleeding on the pill. I wasn&#039;t on my normal period when I had it inserted, but I was bleeding a fair amount. This made insertion easier."
"I have found that aspirin has been an amazing help with the arthritis pain that I have dealt with over the years.  I don%u2019t know what got into me to give aspirin a try but am I ever glad that I did!  I had thought that naproxen was the best I could do for pain using over the counter medicines since it had been a prescription drug at the time it was prescribed for me for this several years ago.  However, at least for my shoulder pain problem, it has been the other way around. "
"This s the 2nd time I&#039;m sharing this experience!
I think first it didn&#039;t work on me! Still I continued using it!
I was a lazy person earlier but now I&#039;ve started working in office and I walk about 3 km everyday!
It&#039;s been 1 week since I started working and walking my appetite is same but but but I gained 3 kg in a week and I&#039;m gaining! I weigh every day and the weight is always increasing!!  I am 51 kg now hope I&#039;lll reach 60 soon. I&#039;m 5 feet 8 inches tall~!"
"I  had my birth control inserted February 2016 and just had to remove October 2016. First time ever with birth control ever. So let&#039;s take a ride down  back to the beginning of the year.  I gave birth January 20, 2016 and was back to my pre pregnancy birth weight, once I return home three days later.  About three weeks later I got the nexaplon inserted,  I consistently had weight gain month over month, even while breast-feeding.  My periods were very irregular never heavy,  just spotting for a very long times (sometimes two weeks)  and would leave for a couple days and come right back.  My pre pregnancy weight was 130lbs.  I now weigh 162 pounds.  I don&#039;t recall any mood swings and I&#039;ve always been an emotional person."
"The worst birth control option available. I had Nexplanon in my arm for six month, and those six months were a nightmare. I suffered terrible anxiety. I also started having problems with lactose temporarily and questioned if I was lactose intolerant. I would randomly cry when I was alone. It sparked adult acne. I had trouble breathing sometimes. Honestly, it was just a horrible, confusing experience. Sure, it is effective in the sense that it prevents pregnancy, but there are better options than Nexplanon."
"I have been taking Yaz for over 3 years.  I needed a birth control pill to take when I was on Accutane for acne, and this is the one my Ob/gyn prescribe. Well I can&#039;t say what impact the Yaz had on my acne, since I was also taking Accutane and that would have had a much bigger effect but I did like the lighter and shorter periods.

What I didn&#039;t expect was for my periods to get lighter and lighter and eventually become non-existent.  I haven&#039;t had a period in over two years.  I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain.  I have no other side effects, and my skin is still clear. I have nothing bad to say about it."
"Wow, this pill has helped my father big time.  He has been on it since August of 2011 and no exacerbation since then.  My father had 3 of them last winter, but thanks to this product, none since he&#039;s been taking it.  His doctor also said that it would take a while to kick in, however so far so good and he claims that he can breath better."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 3 years now, and I love it. I have never taken any other birth control pills, so I have nothing to compare it to. The first two months I had long irregular periods. Since then I haven&#039;t had a period (except when I skipped some pills). I have noticed that my breasts are larger, some irritability and a decreased sex dive, but none of the side effects are constant or bad enough to change brands. The irritability and decreased sex drive could just be stress related. I would recommend Loestrin 24 Fe to other woman."
"Had each knee done in 2009.The shots lasted close to five years with some minor discomfort coming back.I had two mores shots just today, hope it lasts another 5 years.Biggest problem blue cross in Mass won&#039;t cover it. 875 per shot!"
"this is the worst thing that ever happened to me
i decided to get it as i heard it helps with cramps
it sure did BUT
ITS BEEN A YEAR AND ONE MONTH AND IVE HAD MY PERIOD NON-STOP FOR THE WHOLE TIME
my self-esteem is down, i feel unattractive and disgusting i am getting rid of this thing as soon as possible 
im typing this out with tears in my eyes. this is the worst thing that i have ever used."
"At 46, I began having UTI&#039;s, urinary frequency/urgency, and burning vaginal dryness.  I was prescribed Estrace, but the standard formula caused me burning as well. However, a compounded version of estradiol in a hypoallergenic formula has been very helpful.  My vaginal burning has stopped, and the urinary urgency/frequency has improved dramatically over the last 2+ months.  I think Estrace can be very helpful, and if you&#039;re sensitive to it (the propylene glycol can be an irritant), a compounded version can be extremely helpful."
"I have been on this medication for about a month and a half and have not lost one pound. I drink water and have even eaten healthy. The only thing this medicine does is help me sleep better. It does not curve my appetite at all. I will go back to phentermine,  it actually works. I do not recommend this medication."
"Amazing. Helps with my serve nausea and helps me sleep. It&#039;s better if you take it 30 minutes before the trip. And also helps with anxiety it relaxes you."
"I had been experiencing some mild itching  and decided to diagnose myself with a yeast infection. I attempted to go to my gynecologist but they had a two month waiting list. It was only a minute after applying the treatment and I was in excruciating pain. Burning and itching. Rolling on the bed holding myself while crying. The worst of it was over relatively quickly. I decided to get in the shower and try to get most of it out and 30 minutes later it is tolerable. Still some itching but much better now. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s painful because it&#039;s working or not but I do know I will not be continuing the treatment. Going to call my doctor and see if they recommend anything."
"I started this drug 2 months ago.  I&#039;ve lost 19 lbs since I started, but not totally positive it&#039;s because of the drug.  This is supposed to suppress your appetite, and mine has been full on since I started.  I&#039;ve also had quite a few side effects, some I&#039;ve seen mentioned, some not:
Constipation-  It&#039;s usually a few days between and typically fairly painful
Nausea- This is new.  2 months in and it was really bad.
Light Headed- This came with the nausea.  Combined it was so bad I couldn&#039;t look at my phone and I couldn&#039;t drive.
Muscle Fatigue- My legs were fatiguing 20 mins into a workout, which is really abnormal for me. "
"I got on the shot in April 2012 for many reasons. 1. I worked at the YMCA in the pool &amp; I didn&#039;t want to worry about bleeding 2. My cramps were torture! I wouldn&#039;t be able to get out of bed. During the first month or so I did spot and have some cramps but they eventually stopped. I love the shot. I did gain some weight but that was some what my fault because I stayed unactive. But with a good diet and some exercise you won&#039;t gain weight! Recommend it to everyone!"
"Awful pill! I started taking this pill three months ago as my previous pill was making me hypersensitive to the sun (Gedarel). I think I&#039;d rather live like a vampire than try and cope with the mood swings from this pill. My poor fianc&eacute; has even mentioned how bad my mood swings have been and it makes me feel awful being so up and down all the time. I am going to change it this week and hopefully be more successful with the next one. 
I am a very happy go lucky person and this pill is the worst I have ever been on. I have been on Micro 30, Dianette and Gedarel in the past 7 years and is one is by far the worst. 
My sister is on this one too and she is fine so just goes to show how individual it can be to react to certain pills."
"I got put on this birth control after almost getting pregnant in March. The implant procedure was better than I thought it would be. My arm was so numbed up I barely felt a thing, the most painful part was being numbed. I got this put in while on my period, my period lasted until the end of May. I&#039;ve had no problems with it at all. It doesn&#039;t hurt unless I mess with it repeatedly. The only thing different is I have dreams about being pregnant. I wake up believing Im pregnant. And sometimes I get sick when I smell certain foods. Like a pregnant woman. I love it though!"
"hey! I decided to write a review to put some peoples minds at ease.  I had unprotected sex march 17th and I took plan b march 18th (20 hours later) to be exact. Six days after I experienced spotting for a couple of days my period was supposed to be here April 6th and it never came. I wasn&#039;t too worried at first until I was more than a week late so I took a pregnancy test and it was negative, today April 21 I finally got my period I know it can be nerve wrecking but be patient! hope this helped :)"
"I have had an on/off opiate addiction for 7 years.  The only reason that I maintained the addiction was fear of withdrawl symptoms.  I waited 12 hours after taking an opiate before taking the Subutex. The withdrawl symptoms on the Subutex were almost non-existent.  I highly recommend this for anyone who is serious about quiting."
"I started taking Adipex July 1. My starting weight was 268 and I lost 12lbs the first week. I have not checked my weight but I&#039;m waiting for my 30 days to see but I notice some differences in my body and the way it looks.  I&#039;m never hungry but I make myself eat three times a day.  I drink a lot of water and I workout now three times a week I never used to work out at all. I love this medicine. It is changing my life, can&#039;t wait to weigh myself."
"I was on the edge of hypothyroidism but not fully diagnosed cause my TSH wasn&#039;t considered high enough to be classified but had most of the symptoms so I was given the low dose of a thyroid medication I was so sick, I ended up in the ER with a horrible migraine and throwing up for 14 hrs. My dr. switched me to Tirosint same dose as before and I have no side effects. I am finally feeling human I am not so tired, I am more alert and focused, my TSH level has gone to a much better level."
"I started Victoza 2 1/2 weeks ago due to insulin resistance and weight that won&#039;t come off. I know I have lost some weight. My appetite is reduced. There is no pain with the shot. I have only had nausea 2 x. HOWEVER, I am concerned about infections, This is listed as a possible side effect and after a week of being on this, I have 3 different infections in my body! This is not normal for me! My blood sugar numbers are down, but still not as low as I would like."
"I was recently given valium with methadone for muscle spasm and pain due to cancer treatment. I have to say with all the other medicines we tried this worked the best. I have to give a big thanks to my doctors for finally coming up with a treatment that finally worked."
"Before taking Saphris I had hallucinations, both aural and visual; zero motivation, interest, and energy; a very flat mood, and paranoid delusions. Saphris has kept the visual hallucinations away, I do not hear voices anymore, I have interest, motivation, and energy, my mood is no longer flat and I have been feeling pretty good. It has not done anything for my delusion but I have hope that it will eventually help. I have experienced no side effects. I am on 10mg a day, 5 taken in the morning and 5 at night. I am not at 100 % but I am so much better than I was."
"When the doctor gave me these patches I had a a &quot;yeah right&quot; attitude.  I am  stunned! I applied the first patch and 3 days later I had significant pain relief! I just applied my 2nd patch and I am able to resume doing a lot of things I haven&#039;t done in years. I had side effects at first, sleepiness, shakiness, and severe nausea but they passed within the first week. I am amazed and pleased at the effectiveness of these patches."
"the only manufacturer of this is not currently shipping the drug although their customer service says they will at some unspecified date.  All customers should contact them, and ask them to prioritize putting this prescription back in the supply chain so those of us who rely on it can leave the house without fear of an &quot;accident&quot;."
"Developed severe reactions to Cipro. Took 250 mg for only two days but developed itching, rash, nausea and headache that lasted days after I stopped taking it."
"I was prescribed Arthrotec 75/0.2MG. I had spinal surgery on L5 in 2001 by an orthopedist and in 2009 on same disc by a neurosurgeon. In 2009, I took a long time to recover. Also, I am suffering from degenerative disc disease on S1 to the point of self fusion (a good thing as it stabilized my lower back). In 2009, I was prescribed  Arthrotec 75 / 0.2MG
I found this to be a miracle. I only take it as needed and only when it wears off. Once a week or as needed. FANTASTIC results! It takes years off my body. I am 62."
"The Doctor gave me 10 MG Lisinopril for high blood pressure - I never had a headache for over a month.  it was great but I developed a bad cough so he took me off.  I miss not having the headaches.  I think I was taking to high a dose. I&#039;d like to try a smaller mg."
"I am going on 5 years taking this medication religiously.  I was diagnosed with Stage 2B ductal carcinoma, invading my chest wall and 3 lymph nodes in 2008. So far, cancer free. The side effects are minimal. My skin is drier and I do feel aged but I also had my ovaries removed after testing   for BRCA2 so I think it might be due to that also. I want to continue taking for another 5 years since I&#039;m only 34."
"I&#039;ve taken triptans for years as an abortive therapy, and recently started on some preventatives. My neurologist thought that I should try Cambia, saying that it was faster-acting (and better for me in the long term - not sure if I buy that, after looking at the side effects) than triptans. It lessened the intensity of my migraine for about two hours, after which my migraine was worse than ever. I ended up having to take a double dose of triptan. The package that I have (sample) does contain aspartame, which I know I don&#039;t react well to, so perhaps that was part of the problem. Anyway, I won&#039;t be trying it again. The powder dissolves quickly, but I found the taste pretty awful - like drinking toothpaste."
"I have been on the drug about 7 weeks and have had no real change in my acne just real dry chapped lips and dry skin but spots are still here, how long til it changes and they start to go away?"
"Several yrs ago I was diagnosed with severe anxiety disorder.  Had back surgery a couple yrs back and was prescribed Tramadol for pain. Turns out Tramadol (50-100 mg/day) works great for anxiety for me. If you take it for anxiety, make sure if asked that you say it is prescribed for pain as well. Several pharmacists tell me if you say it&#039;s for anxiety only, they &quot;have&quot; to report you and your MD and you both may be arrested. Not sure if the pharms are right, but if they are, it appears this is another case where a few abusers screw it up for the rest of us. It was not on the controlled substance list until very recently. In any event in my experience Tramadol is very effective to treat anxiety disorder."
"I have been taking Wellbutrin for 16 months now. I started taking it when I was 7 months pregnant with my second child. I suffer from severe post partum depression so my Doctor decided to start me on the Wellbutrin before I gave birth. It made an incredible difference! After giving birth the second time I felt about 80% better then I did the first time. I have been taking it ever since. I had minor side effects of nausea and mood swings. I am so happy I continued with this medicine! Wellbutrin is an amazing medication, I recommend putting up with the side effects because the results are life changing!"
"I have been on Lutera over a yr now and it has been a great pill. I have had NO weight gain and in fact lost a few pants sizes. It has cleared my face of breakouts, except an occasional pimple or 2 around the time of my period. I was informed of a manufacturer change a couple months ago and have noticed some changes. I get stomach cramps a week before my period, been overly tired and been craving sweets when I normally don&#039;t like them. And one of my recent periods I stayed nauseous with no appetite and slept every chance I got. Not sure if this is due to being in the process of changing jobs, pms, or the new manufacturer. If it is the new manufacturer, will get my obgyn to switch me."
"I was put on Xeralto as an alternative to Warfarin four days before my colonoscopy and endoscopy, stopped one day ahead of the procedures, and resumed 3 days after.  I had already been anemic, probably because of bleeding due to the Warfarin (which is reversable with Vitamin K).  Several polyps were removed, including one large one that had to be partly removed, and later on to
get the other part.  I was now bleeding even worse with the Xeralto.  My hemoglobin fell to 5.2, and I was given several transfusions. Hb rose to 8.7, and I was sent home.  The Xeralto has no way to reverse bleeding, and if it is discontinued, there is an increased chance for a stroke.  I would prefer to have Warfarin and a way to reverse the bleeding."
"I have had 7 major depressions over the past 12 years. Each one lasted about 5 months and I have previously treated this with Effexor but the doses escalated to 525mg so needed to try something new. Started on 10mg Brintellix about 5 weeks ago. Nausea went after 4 days and mood improved after 2 weeks. Unfortunately my mood started to deteriorate again at about week 4 so I increased the dose to 20mg. Had to go through the whole nausea/tiredness again for 4 days. After a week on this dose things have again improved so I&#039;m hopeful that this will continue. This is the first time something has worked so quickly and effectively for me. Hang in there with the side effects - it&#039;s worth it."
"I am unable to fill my normal Zubsolv 1.4mg /. 36 nalproxone,  again,  because it&#039;s so new and no one uses this low dose. Won&#039;t be here until Tues, it&#039;s Fri &amp; have 1 left. Had to find some from people since I need a script to get the 1.4s in Stock. Dr never calls back&amp; /or makes me do an  appt so she can get my 40 copay. I found this med. Worried about 8mg vs.  1.4. I Started suboxone in 2004, switched to subtext,  then to sub film. Insurance Co made me switch to zubsolv! I only take opioids for pain cuz I can&#039;t get a Dr to prescribe narcotic w/my history, &amp;  only take them when I have a painful day. Instead I&#039;m forced to take this everyday. It&#039;s not fair! I switched 1 drug dealer for another! At least I got high with other dealer! Not fair"
"I gave it a 10 because its &quot;effectiveness&quot; is true, it doesn&#039;t  let you get pregnant. That&#039;s our end goal right. 
Yes side effects happen, all birth control has side effects. I spotted a lot the 2nd and 3rd year of the first one I had. Yes mood swings at the end of the 3rd year. I chalk that up to the birth control running out. I would suggest getting it out at least a month before its due to be changed. I waited a week before and the hormones were freaking stupid crazy and I felt pregnant. It all went away when I got the second one put in. 
Overall I love it. It did its job of not letting me have a baby. Not everyone is the same. Try it. If you don&#039;t like it then take it out. Try something else. 
Its not rocket science."
"I used Malarone for two years in Uganda and found it to be very effective and with minimal side effects. Having used other prophylactics against malaria in other African environments long term I would recommend it for those who do not like the side effects of Lariam (mefloquine). "
"My insurance no longer covers the preferred Androgel (ugh!) so I ended up with this.  The medication smells like a cross between cheap &quot;old man&quot; cologne and ant and roach killing spray.  I used it one time in the morning before work and the smell lingered in our home for the better part of the day.  The offensive smell is embedded in my clothing and has now permeated the closet.  The odor is bad enough, but it also makes my wife cough violently and impacts her breathing.  The physician is looking for an alternative as this is an unacceptable side effect.   JUST SAY NO to this drug. It will disrupt your entire household."
"After days of natural remedies (tons of cherries, celery, celery root extract, whatever else I could Google) I took this medication and the extreme pain in my toe was gone overnight. I still feel some pain, but had a good nights sleep and was able to walk a short distance without screaming in pain the next morning. Ignore the natural remedies from people who have never had gout. Their uninitiated minds think gout causes pain. No. Gout is days of slow, gnawing, unrelenting torture from an invisible, blunt toothed enemy, whose torment is so bad, cutting ones foot off seems like a viable option. This medication drives it far away."
"I have being using monistat for 8 years. I have never experienced any thing like this.  I have scarred my lady parts for life. The burning and itching was so strong that I washed it out and it still feels like fire. Everything is swollen. I mean everything. I don&#039;t know what is happening but monistat needs to fix this now. I used the 3 days."
"Myrbetriq worked well from the first week.  I have had a few &quot;bad&quot; days, but even these were not as bad as when taking other medications."
"I get kidney stone&#039;s a lot and this works the best for me in my time with these rocks. And easy on the stomach!"
"I&#039;m 30 years old with 3 kids and I was addicted to Vicodin and Percocets. Everyday was all about waking up and waiting by the phone to find my pills for the day or I couldn&#039;t take care of my kids. The worst was panicking when I couldn&#039;t find anything. I would take it out on my kids when it wasn&#039;t their fault. I was addicted for 6 years. After a while I needed more and more so I started getting sick and had the worst withdrawls. So I got Suboxone and am feeling wonderful. I have a smile 24/7. It&#039;s the best. I can sleep and enjoy my kids. The discoverer is a genius."
"Works great for me. No flares in years."
"I&#039;ve been taking saphris 10mg twice a day for over a year. It has helped me tremendously. I no longer hear 9 voices, down to 2 voices that are quiet. I do not get dizzy or tired on it as well. It has given me clarity and rest from voices. It has been good for me so far, so grateful. I no longer have anxiety as well."
"I&#039;m a former smoker of 16 years and have been not smoking because of Zyban for one week so far and haven&#039;t looked back.  The medicine definitely helps the vicious cravings, however it still takes will power and you have to truly want to quit.

Side effects are minimal. Make sure your second dose of the day is not at night time as it will keep you up for most of the night.  Other then slight jitters (like a caffeine rush), I&#039;m not experiencing anything major.  The caffeine rush feeling has cut down on my coffee intake, so another plus!  Coffee is a trigger for me to want to smoke, so more power to Zyban!"
"After menopause, migraines soared to three per week. Top ax 50 mgs daily has been a miracle drug. Not one headache in 18 months. One side effect is dry eyes and dry mouth. Easy to live with that in lieu of disabling migraines that eroded my life."
"I am 64 and have a lot of what my Dr. describes as pre-cancerous areas.  I have just completed my 2nd two regime, the first having been done a couple of years earlier.  I did my head and the left side of my face about half way down my cheek-only wanted to look half horrible.  I took more than two weeks between the 1st and 2nd cycle both times to give the areas more time to heal.  Don&#039;t know the significance of this delay.  I got the eruptions to the point that I called my Dr who said there was no problem and showed photos I took during the treatment when I next visited my Dr.- all normal.  I did feel fluey, sore all over, and verging on sick to my stomach, a 200 mg IBU solved the problem-its a real miracle for me."
"Taking for first time stared 6 days ago and it is not helping and seems to be making condition worse. Lots of swallowing, stomach noises, dry cough, and lack of energy. Disappointed. Is it safe to just discontinue use?"
"I recently had to switch to Avaine after finding out that my health insurance (Blue Cross) refused to continue to cover the cost of Alesse after the first 3 months. I&#039;ve only been using Avaine for a little over a week. So far I don&#039;t see any problems except I&#039;ve been breaking out more than I should since I&#039;m on birth control. Other than that I think it&#039;s fine."
"I had a few small reactions, but it took care of it, and it was gone after some sleep"
"Would not recommend this to my worst enemy! I have been bleeding since the 1st injection in June, gained 18lbs and completely lost my confidence. I have gone from an outgoing girl to a hermit. Decided to not go for a 3rd injection to try and get back to some normality."
"I have been using victoza then switched to saxenda. Been on saxenda for months.  Have continued to gain weight, not lose.  I am on 3.0 saxenda .  Was on qsymia prior to victoza, and lost about 25-30 lbs, until my insurance deemed it a diet drug and now won&#039;t pay for it! Any thoughts would be appreciated very much. I feel like a big whale, especially around my middle area. I want my qysimia back, but it is expensive and cannot get my pcp or endocrinologist--who prescribed it in the past- to prescribe it now due to being termed weight loss drug. My A1c went down a lot on qysimia as well.  Topamax  didn&#039;t work by itself as I have tried that too!!  I want my qysimia back!!"
"I don&#039;t know how to explain the turmoil and suffering that I went through in the mid nineties even after a perfect childhood at 17 years old. I found myself 79 pounds in the hospital because I could not eat I could not sleep and I could not function, however misdiagnosed as an eating disorder and depression it took me quite a few times to even go to a doctor that noticed I may be a bit nervous. I bet that was an understatement. Because I keep getting slack about the medication I have tried kalanapin which brought me out like a teenager and did not work for me. I have tried valium which was way too strong for me. I have been on this medication for over 15 years and have never had to up my dosage not once and it still works. "
"So since after I took the pill and I was scared to death and read all these reviews I decided to leave mine to help someone. On Wednesday November 25th I had sex. So while we were doing it (we had a condom on , or so we thought) he came inside of me fully. As he pulled out he panicked because the condom fell completely off &amp; he just 100% came in me. So we rushed out and spent 60 dollars on the pill. I took the pill an hour after intercourse and did a whole bunch of research on the pill. Let&#039;s just say a week later after , after almost ripping my hair out. I&#039;m not pregnant, I got my period. They say the pill may make your period come a week early or late. Even though the pill is very expensive, it&#039;s 100% worth it. So don&#039;t stress it"
"I&#039;ve had really no side effects from Camila. I wouldn&#039;t even know I was taking anything except I have had spotting here and there on it.  It has made my period longer from 7 days to about 10 days, but much lighter and NO Cramps and No pms. Nothing is perfect but this pill has helped me so far."
"Whenever I got sick from season flu or cold, I always had sore throat and cough, my Doctor will usually gave me this medicine (Biaxin) and I was told this a good medicine. It worked fast to clear your strep throat (Sore throat). A few hours after taking  this medicine it made me feel better. I love Biaxin instead Amoxin or other medicines."
"I&rsquo;ve been on this for a little over a month. I thought I was going crazy until I realized it was the BC. It made me extremely depressed and irritable. I&rsquo;m already on lexapro for depression and was doing fine. I have not wanted to do anything but sleep and eat. I&#039;m not one to be lazy and I haven&rsquo;t been able to make myself do anything. I cannot curb my appetite, therefore I&rsquo;ve gained prob 10 lbs in a month.  I definitely do not recommend this for anyone that may be susceptible to depression. It took away my sex drive as well. Yes, I didn&rsquo;t have a period which was nice but totally not worth the weight and craziness."
"I started taking Vyvanse in the latter half of 6th grade due to disruptions and conflicts at school.  I took it almost everyday during the school year, until 11th grade.  I stopped during the summers.

I moved from 40mg, to 35, to 30, to 60, then to 50mg.
As i took the pill daily, i lost appetite constantly.  Though there was no concern of my weight, i did stay quite thin while i was on it. (i was not unhealthy.)  
However, after i ceased to intake vyvanse, i had a large burst of weight gain.
I went from 140 to 210 in about 4.5 months.  I bordered near &quot;above average&quot; on the body fat chart.  This gain in weight was, i believe, the direct result of stopping the pill."
"I was put in the hospital with MRSA IN my lungs. I was really mentally frustrated and was having withdrawals from morphine. I couldn&#039;t sleep and was very ill. This medicine was the greatest thing they could have given me to help me calm down and sleep. I would recommend it, but I will say that it knocked me out cold for the night and I was groggy in the morning. But when I decided to quit taking it, I had no withdrawal symptoms."
"I&#039;ve always had struggles with acne, but around spring of 2010 is when it came to its worse. My self esteem was at its lowest, so that&#039;s when I made an appointment with my dermatologist. I was prescribed Doryx as my first antibiotic, while at the same time, taking birth control, and by November my complexion was completely cleared with no side effects ever having occurred. Now being off Doryx, and relying on my birth control to keep it clear, my skin is sadly going back to its old ways."
"I just started Lutera a month ago, but so far I am very happy with it. I put off going on birth control for years because I&#039;m a sensitive person and thought that I&#039;d surely be the type of person to react negatively to the hormones. However, since starting I feel great! I feel even-keeled and happy, and did not experience the usual intense mood swings and food cravings of my cycle. My period is light and I hardly experienced any cramping (in the past, I&#039;ve had to miss work because I&#039;ve been in so much pain). My boobs are a little tender and I do notice brown discharge/some spotting, but I haven&#039;t experienced any truly negative side effects. I&#039;m really happy with Lutera and wish I had made the decision to go on it years ago!"
"This medicine made me have dream&#039;s that seem like reality night terrorism. Had me talking to and seeing people and things that were not there. I was talking to dead people! My family almost had me committed. A real vacation in a bottle is what I call it now! I&#039;m so upset thank god I stop taking it when I did or who knows what else would or could have happened! Was a really bad vacation in a bottle!"
"I used Duac after being prescribed it for a good six months (on repeat prescription). To begin with, my skin flared up bright red and it dried my skin out terribly. I then reduced the amount I was using from the fingertip amount which is recommended on the box to the merest bit on each area of acne. This worked a treat, and within 2-3 weeks my skin was looking much better. Over the next 6 months or so, my skin improved and I only had a small break out once in a while. However, I felt that after using it for 6 months, my skin had become accustomed to it and I was having more and more break outs. I stayed off the cream for a good four months. I am now back on the cream, and going through the phase of the skin drying out etc."
"I was a two bottle plus red wine drinker every day of the week. Have been on Campral for a week now. The cravings have gone. I test myself by going to the local pub to meet friends and see if I weaken. Not a drop of booze passes my lips. I watch others knocking back the beer, wine &amp; Gin etc. and I am quite happy with a Virgin Mary, lemonade and bitters or orange juice. I think two pills three times a day is excessive so I&#039;m going to my Doctor and see if I can take it down to 1 pill 3 times a day and then slowly decrease from there. Sex drive is zilch and I sometimes feel unaccountably sad but I have been assured that will pass. Here&#039;s hoping. Campral is Federally subsidized here in Australia so it&#039;s very cheap!"
"Hey ya&#039;ll this is my third time taking this pill and each time (after having someone finish inside of me) it&#039;s worked! But this is the first time I&#039;ve had TERRIBLE side effects, or any at all tbh. It&#039;s been a week since I took the pill and I&#039;ve been nauseous for a few days straight and actually threw up once, extreme loss of appetite, I&#039;m hungry but whenever I go to eat I can barely get half of it down without wanting to vomit. In top of that I&#039;m exhausted and my sleep is fitful, last but not least my period is 3 weeks early and the cramping is different than usual. All in all the pill works just with hell to pay :/ keep my health in your thoughts ladies"
"I am currently dealing with my first ever ear infection. My doctor prescribed Omnicef and it didn&#039;t really help.  I went back today and he changed me to Avelox. I can feel it working already.  "
"Have it every 6 weeks but after 5 weeks I get very sore just below my shoulders, sometimes left, sometimes right, sometimes center. I go on Tylenol when I can&#039;t take the pain."
"After four years my sweats are getting g worse and hope I don&#039;t have to stop taking this medication as it took the butterfly feel from my stomach"
"Since late twenties I&#039;ve faced ED. I&#039;m healthy and not overweight. 

I wish I took cialis my first experience with ED. I highly suggest you speak with your doctor to try a sample or a prescription if you&#039;re the least bit curious, or have ever had a bad moment with ED. Don&#039;t be embarrassed to talk to your doctor and specifically ask for it. 

I&#039;ve tried viagra, which didn&#039;t help. 

I also tried the 10mg dosage of cialis, which I enjoyed. The 20mg is where I&#039;m used to my erections being from when I was a teenager. 

 Taking the 20mg tablet of cialis a few hours before, and my confidence is 100% in my performance. 

Also, I&#039;ve had zero side effects."
"One month before I got newly diagnosed that I am diabetic. My A1C test shows 6.9 and doctor told I have diabetics. He preferred Januvia 100mg (1 time) with metformin 500 mg (2 times). I felt some side effects initially and gone after some days. Now I am doing regular exercise. But if I stop exercise or eat more food, the side effects like stomach problem easily coming back. 

Now when I am checking my sugar in device, it&#039;s showing around 70-80 on fasting and 90-105 two hours after breakfast. But I think my glucose coming down when I miss a meal any time. I can&#039;t tolerate it.

So I believe, exercise is more important than any medicine. Once I dropped all medicines for ten days and exercised only, it showed normal glucose levels."
"I have been using Atralin for about a month and a half now. I started out with very moderate acne, a few pimples but nothing substantial. I have been struggling with acne for five years and I just wanted something to totally zap my acne. Well Atralin is NOT that. I have very sensitive skin and I am still peeling after all this time. When I started using it it made me breakout and now my acne and red spots are worse."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lexapro for about 2 months now.  I have suffered from social anxiety all of my life and finally went to the doctor to get help.  It was the best thing I ever did.  I now can function and feel normal.  I didn&#039;t have any bad side effects from the medicine and have been very pleased with the results.  My day to day life is not filled with me avoiding many situations and I now feel &quot;normal&quot;.  I never expected this medication to work.  My only regret is I didn&#039;t get help sooner."
"Fiorinal is a miracle when it comes to strong headaches and migraines. Nurofen Plus won&#039;t work for me on a migraine but take 2 Fiorinal, sleep it off and its gone."
"After seven and some odd years as a machine gunner (0331) in the Marine Corps, three deployments, and a purple heart later, i fimd myself very grateful for medications such as seroquel.  I am currently prescribed 50mg (1 pill) of seroquel (50mg tablets) a night but usually take take up to 150mg.  I will rarely  mix it with 400-3200mg (per serv) of gabapentin; Also 20mg of Fluoxotine every morning and 300mg of lithium two tablets a day - quiet the sedating cocktail.  Don&#039;t necessarily have a specific question - however, i am a veteran and noticed some other on here; so I am curious as to any others experiences with these meds or any like it."
"Tried many of the medicines for panic and severe anxiety. Klonopin works very well and doesn&#039;t make doing day to day things difficult by being &quot;out of it&quot;. I have no side effects that I know of and I have taken it for 10 years now."
"It&#039;s the only medication that works for my hemorrhoid flare up. "
"I have just taken the first dose this evening. Very effective after 45 minutes I was on the toilet probably every 10 minutes. After two hours from initial dose the trips are minimized to about once per 30 minutes. The taste is what it is and if you care about your health you&#039;ll &quot;suck it up buttercup.&quot; Seriously, it isn&#039;t that bad and I am sure that they did the best that they could to mask those medicines that are necessary to move your bowels. My next dose is at 6:00 A.M. tomorrow as my procedure is scheduled for 1:00 P.M. So other than being hungry, I&#039;ll pull through in the hopes that I can claim a clean bill of colon health."
"I have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for only a month. I didn&#039;t have painful periods until I got off of birth control. I was on Depo (the shot every 3 months) and I did not have a period, but I did gain almost 15-20 pounds. I was on Depo for 3 years and then I decided to get off and I wanted to have a normal period. That&#039;s when everything went down hill. I would be in so much pain that I would call out of work, miss classes, and the pain caused me to be depressed. After ultrasounds, x-rays, no sex (too painful), they found nothing wrong. The doctors gave me Yaz, and that made me feel worse. It did control my mood swings but not the pain. Loestrin 24 Fe has been great, so far."
"I am 23 years old and have pretty intense Social Anxiety.  I starting taking Lexapro 10 mg for it when I was 21. The drug was effective at treating my anxiety, but with a trade-off: I felt no emotions.  It made me feel more confident, reduced my blood pressure, eliminated heart palpitations; but, I began to realize towards the end of my use of it that I was feeling no highs or lows.  My social life was great.  I got a girlfriend after not having one for half a decade, and have been with her for 2 years now.  But during my use of Lexapro, all of these successes were just me going through the motions.  Everything seemed surreal to me.  Six weeks ago, I switched to 5 mg, and I am not feeling intense anxiety again. Not sure what it is doing for me."
"I went to my Dr. with severe eye pain and headache.  I thought it due to having the wrong reading glasses.  I was very surprised with his diagnosis of migraine. I had been living with this for several years, but had gotten much worse in the pst two years.  Pamilor took a few days to start working.  About a week later it occurred to me that the pain was gone! My migraines are very rare and mild when they do happen. I do experience dry mouth, but it&#039;s starting to subside now. Keep some hard candy on hand!"
"I have been taking 0.5mg, 1 at night for 8 yrs. I get 30 for a months supply. It has been a miracle for me &amp; my depression. I have tried all antidepressants which only make me feel worse &amp; even suicidal. Xanax is a life saver for me. My doctor now wants me to start again with a antidepressant. I will not I think he wants to wean me off Xanax because of all the negative addictive effects. "
"This medication has changed my life. I was in so much pain day and night that I had trouble sleeping. I didn&#039;t go places because my pain was so bad. Now I can sleep at night and most important to me is that I can play with my grandchildren again"
"I started Adipex on January 15, 2013. I am 24 years old  5&#039;5 and my weight during that time was 259lbs sadly. Today it is April 23, 2013 and I have lost 38lbs! I have tried many other diet pills but never had any luck. I have tried to exercise and watch calories without the help of diet pills but it just wasn&#039;t working for me. Yes, there were side effects high blood pressure/high heart rate (WATCH FOR IRREGULAR HEART BEAT), If so call the doctor that gave medicine. As long as I drank a lot of water the side effects decreased and was tolerable. I would recommend this to anyone who has a hard time sticking to diet and exercise. This pill has worked great for me. Drink only water, get rid of sugar. Walk at least on mile a day."
"I&#039;m 23 and after 5 years decided to do something about it. I was put on 50mg of Zoloft. To be honest whether it was me being paranoid or what not my panic was worse in that first 3 days then in years. Felt insane and crazy. Stopped it and talked to doctor. He upped it to 100mg and gave me Xanax to take in meantime. I read online 50% of people get worse in the first few days but then it gets better (brain sensitivity to mess). I do feel calmer (been a week) but barely eat and I can barely get to sleep. I also wake up shaky out of the blue when I do go to sleep and have to take a Xanax to calm me down and put me back to sleep. I&#039;m hoping to get counseling too. I&#039;m hoping this will help. 1 week down... It&#039;s hard being patient."
"I have used the 1-ml once a month for several years and if I don&#039;t get it on time I start to feel tired and my anxiety increases.  Usually after the dose I start to feel better in a couple days.  After about 2-3 weeks I start to feel tired again.  The doctor won&#039;t increase the dosage though and I don&#039;t understand why.  Also, PLEASE don&#039;t inject in your arm!  There are several very good u-tube videos out there on how to inject in the leg.  Take your time it is very thick and oily, don&#039;t rush it.  Make sure it makes it into the leg muscle not just the skin."
"This medicine is wonderful! My 9 yr old has been taking 5mg once a night for almost a year. Total turn around! The only side effect we have is increased appetite and weight gain. I do worry about his blood sugar...but the changes are seriously unreal!"
"I would like to say that I have taken all the big medicines for my depression and Anxiety, Panic and to be truthful this medicine has worked for me. I had issues with a lot of things and getting mad and wanting to argue all the time and just could not deal with feeling that way and I have always had great out look on life even if life was horrific. Since I have been on this medicine it has helped, yes the medicine wants you to sleep more and sometimes you feel groggy but I notice if I start taking it in the evening and close to bedtime it works best. Just don&#039;t take it when you get up or in the afternoon because it will make you drowsy. I would say if you have some of the problems that the rest of us do I would say it would not hurt to try it."
"I was at work with a migraine and eventually had to leave because I couldn&#039;t even do much of anything. I just took an Imitrex about 10=15 minutes ago and already the results are starting to show! Great stuff. The only bad part is that I have to go back into work and finish the shift I had started."
"Double knee surgeries for sport related injuries and when I tore the meniscus on my right knee. It was a weekend and my knee swelled 2 x&#039;s normal size. Doctor sent me off with Percocet to get through the weekend and although it didn&#039;t cancel out the pain, it was certainly manageable until I could get to my Ortho."
"First few months great, then break thru bleeding the week before and week of period, next month period lasted two and a half weeks, this month it is past 11 days cramping, heavy bleeding. This pill had been horrible for me."
"I got kyleena fitted this morning (not on my period). I just want to leave a review to put other ladies minds at ease for the fitting. Mine was painless just a moderate cramp and it was done. I felt fine after, just a bit of cramping and lower back pain like you would have starting your period. I was ridiculously scared but had no reason to be! 

I can&#039;t speak for the longevity of the IUD but I&#039;m a very happy woman having gotten it fitted."
"My blood sugar levels have definitely come down, from the 250-350 range to the 90-150 range. This med works great for that. However, 5 weeks in and I&#039;m still having side effects that can be hard to deal. The nausea has lessened, the burping is less but I still get stomach cramps the first day or two after an injection. I&#039;m also getting muscle weakness, muscle pain, extreme fatigue, joint pain, I&#039;m off-balance, cant concentrate, jittery, woozy and my peripheral neuropathy seems worse.  I definitely eat less. I might be hypersensitive and every little ache and pain gets blamed on the Trulicity, but since I started it I just don&#039;t feel good. I&#039;m not sure if the side effects are worth the good numbers, but Im hanging in there hoping to adjust!"
"It tastes like licking tree sap straight of the bark of a tree, but by far it&#039;s the best over the counter medicine I&#039;ve found to provide long lasting results."
"Has given me back my life after years of insomnia."
"I, like many others, was having protected sex with my boyfriend when the condom broke. By the time we noticed it, it was too late. Frantic, I jumped in the shower and tried to wash off as best I could. We arrived at Walgreens less than an hour later and I took the plan B pill. For the next few days I was so queasy and was only able to dry heave. I felt a little more confident because I thought this meant that the plan B was working. However, when my period was supposed to come around on June 22nd. Turns out plan B didn&#039;t work for me, and I was 5 weeks pregnant. Currently undergoing a medication abortion from Planned Parenthood, and I can honestly say it&#039;s been one of the most painful experiences ever. I hope others have better luck..."
"I have been depressed for coming up to 5 years. Pristiq is the first medication I found that worked. I started on 50mg and then started 100mg. I found that I was able to get through the days without falling apart and having constant suicidal thoughts. I have been on pristiq for a few years now and I have always had very vivid dreams on them and if I miss a couple of pills I get very dizzy, nauseas, head aches and get very emotional. I love this antidepressant but I fear for my dependence on it"
"I have used implanon for 6 years. I will be getting my second one removed next month, and another one will be put in. I love this.  I don&#039;t get a period, I lose about 7 to 10 lbs. in the first couple of months after insertion,  and it doesn&#039;t hurt at all. The only con for me is towards the end of the 3 years, I get very emotional and depressed.  For about 3 months,  everything pisses me off, and /or makes me cry. Prior to implanon,  I have tries birth control pills, the patch, the ring, and the IUD. I was allergic to the patch,  cried constantly on the pills and the ring,  and experienced my first panic attack while getting the IUD put it. (IUD was awful)."
"I never broke out my teenage years but once I hit mid 20&#039;s.. I constantly battled adult acne. No matter how well I took care of my face and washed it, I couldn&#039;t get rid of stubborn acne. Decided to go to the dermatologist &amp; at first he tried to prescribe me a separate antibiotic &amp; retin-a cream until I told him I didn&#039;t have insurance and if there was an one product that would be similar in one. I&#039;m so glad he mentioned Ziana. It was pricey out of pocket but he gave me a coupon type card for the pharmacy to drop it down to $65 rather than $300! (good for 6 refills) I didn&#039;t have the side affects that others mentioned rather my acne cleared up within a month! SIDE NOTE: USE A  SPARINGLY AMOUNT! a little goes a long way."
"I started using Portia when I was 17. Not knowing much about birth control pills and what they can really do to you, I didn&#039;t really know what to expect or how great this pill actually was! I had NO side effects to begin with. I think my boobs got a little bigger and there was no weight gain and drastically lighter periods. I do have to say, before I was on the pill I had no cramps and I have gotten some after starting the pill, but only on the first day. I&#039;m now 20 and I&#039;ve decided to switch to YAZ to try something different. I&#039;ve heard the complaints about it, but I have always had an anxiety and maybe a depression problem so I want to see if Portia caused it. If I do have severe side effects, I&#039;ll switch back!"
"Great medication! Works very well although my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it!"
"Take Dilaudid only when it&#039;s absolutely needed and necessary. It is not a drug meant for giving comfort, rather for pain level 7 or more on a scale of 1 to 10.  For pain level of 5 or less, morphine, Percocet, or even Tylenol 3 will suffice."
"I am on many medications for early menopause. I am 43 years old. I was put on gabapentin 1800mg a day and WOW what a difference. I went from 20-40 hot flashes down to 3-4. I am very happy as well. My mood is better and I feel like I have more energy. I recommend this medication. I am an RN."
"This drug is magical - a cure all! I&#039;m 25 and have dealt with acne of varying degrees since I was 11 (trying pretty much every medication/scrub/wash/cream/etc out there) and for the first time in my life after 7 months of treatment I no longer experience breakouts and can genuinely feel good about myself without wearing makeup in public. I experienced zero negative side-effects and strongly recommend!"
"Already the first day, my headaches stopped and my tenseness in my body. My mood evened out, I woke up ready to take on the day. I have struggled with a mild depression / anxiety for several years after a stress collapse. Wish I had started medication much earlier, it would have saved me a lot of suffering. Already 5 mg helped. I now take 10 mg."
"Great drug at first makes u feel a lot more calmer and happier but soon wears off and u get used to it"
"I have had sleep issues because of major anxiety and depression for over 10  years. It affected both falling asleep and staying asleep through the night. I tried other medications and then was put on Trazodone by my psych doctor. I take 150 mgs about a half hour to an hour before I go to bed and do not have to eat anything with it. (Someone had posted that they were concerned about that issue. I believe that is suggested for people who are on it daily for depression, not insomnia).  Trazodone puts me to sleep minutes after I get into bed, and I sleep soundly until the alarm goes off."
"I have been taking LoSeasonique for years. I have never had problems with it until lately. Due to my new job I have been bad at taking the pill the same time every day which is causing a lot of spotting, which is my fault. But I have noticed a decrease in sex drive. Otherwise I have never had a problem with this for 5 years."
"After suffering acute hip pain ,femer odema, shock wave therapy,MRI  scans revealed loss of cartilage and some arthritis  ,I had a cortizone injection which worked for 2 weeks and back to 10/10 pain .I had the Synvisc-one  injection which was very painful and had no effect for 4 weeks after which every day mobility improved and pain free movement ,with regular physiotherapy the mobility continues to improve every day after the treatment 4 months ago and I hope the results continue .100% recommend the product ,thanks so much for my improved quality of life ."
"I had my lilleta placed in June 2015. It is now Aug 2016 and My due date is tomorrow to have my baby. I got pregnant with the iud still in place. It was found bellow the baby and so I had it removed."
"I&#039;ve had years of GERD without any food triggers and daily heartburn. Protonix was a dream! It is, however, very expensive. My insurance had it on its drug list and dropped it this year. A 30 day supply is $120! I&#039;ve had to switch to Nexium."
"I am so happy I tried this miracle medicine.  I am 32 and was diagnosed with OCD, anxiety, and depression when I was 18.  I have been on and off Zoloft since I was diagnosed. At first Zoloft helped with my diagnosis but I had a lot of side effects including; NO sex drive, being tired all the time, and feeling flat(not happy or sad).  I also tried Paxil, Wellbutrin, and Buspar.  This is the only medicine for me.  I have only been on Pristiq for 5 days but I already feel happier and best of all hello libido!  I thought I was going to live out the rest of my life on a roller coaster of being on and then taking myself off of the Zoloft and on no medicines, just so that I could feel closer to my boyfriend.  You do not have to choose between happiness and a libido!  Thank you Pristiq!"
"In my opinion this medicine has saved my life. It keeps me calm and relaxed. It has been my miracle drug. I never knew life could be this good again. I try not to remember the life I had before taking Xanax."
"I have been on birth control pills for 26 years and switched to LoSeasonique to help with PMS that gets worse as I get older.  Half way through the first 3 month pack, I stopped taking it because of hair loss, headaches, breast tenderness, fatigue and weight gain.  "
"Actos has worked well for me for 10 years and now comes FDA with another cancer scare. Anything can induce cancer and the scientific data on Actos causing cancer does not have that much credibility with me."
"I have had Implanon for almost three years, it has worked amazing for me. I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill everyday or remembering to take a ring out ever three weeks and put it back in a week later. I have had an amazing experience with this birth control and plan to get a new one soon."
"I took it like I was supposed to for anxiety and panic disorder. it did nothing absolutely nothing. I&#039;m in worse shape now than I ever was. doctors please get a grip you can&#039;t treat us for just anything it&#039;s like trying to treat athletes feet with dandruff shampoo .We are people we know that you&#039;re not supposed to get attached to it.  the medicine sucks doesn&#039;t help sleep doesn&#039;t help panic disorder doesn&#039;t help insomnia doesn&#039;t help anxiety. I&#039;m not sneezing -  I didn&#039;t go in for an antihistamine.  Do you think that Google won&#039;t tell us everything. It didn&#039;t take long to figure out I mean nothing. write a  proper prescription"
"So you find out you have herpes, now what? I&#039;ve read so many stories on blogs and different websites about how people disclose the topic to potential partners and their fears. Here&#039;s the deal guys, if you use Valtrex and a condom, the chance of you giving the infection to the other person is less than 2% (assuming you aren&#039;t having an active outbreak). If a girl/guy has an issue with the fact and can&#039;t see you anymore because of it than good! It&#039;s better you find out they weren&#039;t that into you this way than 6 months and countless dates later. A cure is right around the corner if you follow the updates in the medical community so hang tough and forget the stigma!"
"This has been great for me.  I&#039;ve struggled with psoriasis for 16 years, then this last year I developed psoriatic arthritis too.  I was given Stelara after much struggle with the insurance company.  The 45 mg dose helped and did more for my psoriasis than my arthritis but the 90mg dose has changed everything.  My hand and my feet are almost completely free of psoriasis and my arthritis is nothing like it was this time last year.  Crazy expensive but it has changed my life."
"This birth control really helped control my periods they are far more light and less painful than before I started this pill. The down side is now it takes just about a miracle to get me turned on, which was never a problem before."
"Well, lets just say that I had a wonderful cruise. When me and my partner were done with all 3 times we&#039;ve done it, the condom would always go missing. Stressed out, and having to wait until I got off the boat, I ran to the nearest pharmacy to buy the one step pill. Mind you, I did take it within the 72 hours as intended. After two weeks of patiently waiting for my period, it came, all but a few days late. I&#039;m writing this review because i was stressing out whether the pill worked or not. Just letting you know that it does. And I was pretty close to the 72 hour deadline."
"Depakote was started three months ago when we exhausted all efforts with every other preventive med for migraines and headaches . I have been
Experiencing these my entire life. Since  6 years old . Now 35., imitrex was used to try to knock off the migraine but insurance only provides nine pills a month so I found myself breaking them just to get through a day .And if over used they will no longer work. So I&#039;m adding in aspirin all that junk. Ending up in ER. Just to go back the next two days because the stubborn migraine would come back , or laying in bed holding my head with ice. needless to say , on a small dose 250 a day . Wow few headaches a week I can deal with. Weight gain well now I can workout no real excuse there."
"
I have nerve damage, left upper leg numb and very painful. Lighting strikes and muscle contracts. It relieves a little -  but hasn&#039;t made my life better because I sleep all the time with pain."
"Please bring Drixoral back.  It is the ONLY thing that works for me and my husband.  NONE of the new drugs work at all for us.  Please start making Drixoral again."
"This is a wonderful drug. Blue Cross will cover other pain drugs but this is the only one that works for me, and I have tried them all.  I take x3 80mg pills 3 times a day, with up to 8, 30mg Morphine IR, and 8 Norco 10/325.  Yes this is a lot of medication but it works. My doctor knows that I, a 26 year old male, 230 lbs. needs this amount, I have no side effects other than having a hard time sleeping. MS Contin is good too, but Oxycontin is what works best for me."
"I started taking this after having missed four periods. I started taking this on Tuesday and by Thursday I started my period. The horrible cystic acne I was suffering from disappeared and the unwanted hair growth stopped and reversed course. The joint pain I see people commenting on may not be from this pill. Have your physician test your DHEA and prolactin levels through blood work as deficiencies in these areas can cause severe joint pain, fatigue, memory loss, decreased libido and hair loss."
"Love this birth control. I have been on it for 2 years now. I don&#039;t get periods. No weight gain. No side effects at all! You just have to make sure you take it at the same time each day. I have multiple friends who switched to this birth control and have had similar results!"
"I&#039;m lying here wide awake at 3:45 am on my 2nd night of trying to wean myself off tramadol under my doctors orders.  He gave me temazapam as a sleep aid and told me to go from 100 mg to 50 mg of tramadol plus 30 mg of temazapam.  Last night was okay, woke up feeling pretty good, but tonight I am back to being miserable because of my restless legs syndrome.  He&#039;s never had it, obviously. His concern is that I will require more as I go along.  I&#039;ve been on 100mg tramadol for about 6 months.  I love that I can sleep, but I&#039;m groggy during the day.  If I don&#039;t sleep, I&#039;m groggy as well.  I prefer to sleep!  This RLS has been lifelong, since 8 years old.  Brothers and mother have it as well.  My middle brother just started tramadol tonight.  Will see what he thinks!"
"48 years old. Was prescribed Lo Loestrin Fe for heavy frequent bleeding. OB told me it might even suppress periods. First cycle, had light discharge for 10 days. Second cycle: nothing, no period! Crossing fingers !"
"Prior to this medication it took me a month to lose 5lbs with strict dieting and vigorous exercise. I&#039;ve been on this med exactly 2 weeks and have lost 6.8lbs. Female, 5&#039;3&quot; and went from 204.5lbs to 197.7lbs. Keep in mind this is with absolutely no exercise (primarily because it&#039;s made me feel so nauseous) and no fancy diet plan and with a couple days dining out. I eat a fraction of what I used to eat and often have to remind myself to eat at all. This stuff is phenomenal and now I feel like it&#039;s actually possible for me to lose weight. Nausea has been the primary side effect, it&#039;s been rough at some points but manageable. I plan to start working out again next week so I&#039;ll definitely post an update after another month or so"
"I have tried multiple birth control pills over the years and have never been able to find one that I could tolerate, either physically or emotionally.  I am on my first pack of Lo Loestrin Fe and surprisingly I haven&#039;t had any debilitating side effects.  I am just entering my 3rd week of pills and I am bloated and have started spotting.  I&#039;m not sure if this is breakthrough bleeding or if I&#039;m going to have a full blown period.  Regardless, I am going to wait it out as I&#039;m thrilled not to have any nausea or intense mood swings.  So far, so good!"
"I took Celexa for the 2nd time today and threw up within 1 hour. The first time same thing. For some odd reason I am yawning more that usual and every time I yawn I want to throw up. It causes severe upset stomach and causes it to come out both ends. I sure hope this stops soon or I would rather deal with anxiety and stress alone because this is far worse."
"I have been using yaz for almost 3 years now. I have no mood swings and my acne cleared completely, I get one or 2 zits before I get my regular period once a month. I gained a few pounds but it can be fixed, I am 20 years old and I have no mood swings, sex drive is the same and I love this pill. I used to be on the nuvaring for a year but it made me moody. So yaz is the best thing ever invented to reduce human overpopulation!"
"I got pregnant at the age of 17 &amp; joined a program at the hospital where I delivered that received a grant to pay for the Implanon which is the main reason I got it. Now, I have a HORRIBLE needle phobia so I was pretty freaked out, but I only felt a pinch from the lidocane &amp; slight pressure from the device. Got it 2 days after my son was born March &#039;09. I had a mild period 2 months later that lasted most of the month &amp; had light spotting on &amp; off for the next 2 months or so &amp; that was the end. The only side effect I experienced was a complete loss of sex drive, but it didn&#039;t effect the quality of my sex life &amp; I figured there are worse things. This year I had it removed 2 months late, &amp; a new one put in right after. I love it!!!"
"This has worked so well for me! After it was implanted I noticed my moods were more balanced (I had previously been taking the daily pills) and I haven&#039;t had a menstrual cycle whatsoever for three months (so far). It has been AMAZING. I love it. 
I have noticed infrequent mild acne and slight weight gain (3 pounds in 3 months while I&#039;m actually on a diet) but nothing to the point where I&#039;d consider removing the implant."
"I was treat in an Urgent Care Center for an infection. I am rather sensitive to antibiotics and so warned the nurse treating me. She prescribed the drug (875 mg, 2X daily). I took the first pill with a meal about 6PM. I awoke at 2AM with tremendous abdominal pain and diarrhea. I called 911 and was taken to the hospital via ambulance. I was there for 5 days while they treated me mainly for dehydration. I was near death."
"Prescribed 50mg daily, First week I suffered insomnia so bad I had to get temazepam to sleep, after it settled I basically compared it to taking ecstasy without a comedown, be up listening to music, the flowers seemed to be more colourful, lost 10kilos (the 10 O put on when on another antidepressants mirtazapam i think it was) but yes pristiq was life changing, I do worry that being stimulated like an amphetamine, dilated pupils, smiling for no particular reason, confident will probably take years off my life at that rate, stopped taking after 12 months them to see how I&#039;d go, second week clean, so irritable, angry, spiteful and nasty, just putrid mental state so started taking them again, and same thing seveer insomnia but worth it imo"
"I had the copper IUD inserted when I just turned 18 because I didn&#039;t want any babies at such young age. My mom supported me in my decision and I really do not regret getting this type of birth control. When they inserted the IUD I almost fainted but the pain was not that bad. Since I was 18 after the insertion I experience ugly cramps but with midol they went away. When the first period with the IUD arrived, I wasn&#039;t able to move the two first day due to the horrible cramps. However after that everything when back to normal. I just turned 19 and it has been a year with my IUD and I just love it. I feel protected in the sense that I have a great chance to prevent an unwanted pregnancy."
"I went from being 117lbs, to 172lbs in two years. I&#039;m only 5&#039;1, so you can imagine how that weight looked on me. I was on the verge of having a stroke. My heartrate stayed around 112 bpm, and there was just constant stress on my body. No matter how hard I tried to lose the weight, it would just not come off. I finally went to get it removed and they couldn&#039;t even find it to get it out. I was sent to the hospital where they used an ultrasound machine and basically fished around in my arm for about 20 minutes until it was found. Today, im left with severe stretch marks on my thighs, hips, arms and breasts. Also, two scares on my left arm, where they reopend the insertion scar and one about two inches above that where they ended up finding it."
"By the time I was prescribed this medication, I was at the tail end of a two week old. The doctor saw some spots on my throat and prescribed it. The medication has made me more miserable than the actual disease. I can&#039;t keep any food in my stomach, and I have constant headaches as well as lingering nausea. Constantly sleepy and tired.  It&#039;s been four days at this time and I think I will have to stop early. My doctor prescribed 875 mg two times a day for 10 days."
"This pill was HORRIBLE. Although it did prevent pregnancy for the year and a half I was on it, it gave me THE WORST abnormal bleeding during and after sex. I would wake up the next morning and within seconds of standing up have blood pouring down my legs and no it was not my period. I would bleed on my partner during sex... How embarrassing?! I don&#039;t know if it was the birth control that caused this or the fact that the birth control did not have enough estrogen for me to not bleed abnormally... I switched to Sprintec and it is working great for me. Have been losing weight on it actually and no more bleeding!"
"Fantastic. Suffered minor heart attack several years ago at 37 years old, am now 41 years old. Recently started having severe chest pain and was put on Micardis 80mg, after being admitted to hospital, suspected heart attack (pain was that bad), luckly , no heart attack this time and blood pressure dropped from 196 to 125 after a couple of weeks. Feel a lot better. Now on the 40mg dose."
"I was on Prometrium from day 1 up until week 19 then I was placed on the Makena shot which is also progesterone until I was 36 weeks. I fully believe this is why I have my daughter today. She is almost two and has had no side effects from me taking this medication in pregnancy. I have MTHFR FACTOR  and low progesterone. This is why I needed to be on this medication"
"I have suffered from hives for over 30 years.  No medicine helped.  I had them for 3 years straight, 24/7.  My hives have come back about 4 different times, lasting up to a year.  I have been on Xyzal for about 2 months.  I take Benadryl, then an hour later I will take the  Xyzal.  I take Benadryl at bedtime.  This is the first time in the 30 years that I feel they are under control.  For anyone with chronic hives, its worth a shot.  I have no side effects as of yet.  They do not make me tired either."
"I started Prozac a year ago for severe anxiety and depression. I now feel like a whole different person. Only thing I&#039;m wondering is if I gained weight from it. I am now 40 lbs heavier than last year, but I started a different birth control at the same time, so that could be it as well."
"This medicine is a God-send. I am not overly hungry on it...in fact, I have started losing weight. I have only had a little nausea, but it just seems like my stomach is weaker (aka I get more car-sick, or more queasy when hungry). I fall asleep 2 hours after taking this, so it helps me sleep, but I don&#039;t have to pass out right away. Barely any akathesia, hardly any agitation, happiness, and energy. I have started reading, working out, eating healthy again. I&#039;m going back to school. It doesn&#039;t dull my senses or cognition so I&#039;m still intelligent and aware. I&#039;m on 40 mg right now and it&#039;s enough to hold back the voices and paranoia. The only frustrating thing about it is that you have to take it with 350 calories or it absorbs less."
"I&#039;ve used this since first diagnosed and starting HAART in 2004, and it&#039;s worked extremely well:  my numbers have never been below 1200 since 3 months after stating it.  I first used it with Sustiva, and now use it with Isientress."
"Used 1000 was great first and second time. A litter burning at the pens head. But had erections in 10 to 15 minutes.  Works best when you stand during sex. Or are posted in a upright position."
"I&#039;ve read many opinions on this site most being negative towards this amazing medication. I have suffered from a trapped nerve near my waistband ( hip) and nothing I took or did could stop the pain / burning / tingling numbness from my hip to my knee cap. I declined surgery to remove the nerve and was placed finally on lyrica. I hesitated for 2 months before finally giving in to the medication because of all the negative reviews you read online.First two days i was on lyrica I had a small headache and dry mouth that is about it. after a week the dry mouth went away and I was left virtually pain free within 2 weeks. DON&#039;T read into everything and hesitate to take thismedication.I have not gained a single pound and im pain free. im on 3 x 50mg"
"This was my 3rd colonoscopy and the first time using this prep. The two previous times, I had used the Miralax/Gatorade &quot;gallon&quot; prep which was difficult to handle the massive volume of liquid. I found this prep, terrible tasting (but so were the previous preps).  This one was less consumption of volume.  I didn&#039;t get any cramping, no chills like some others, and had no overall bad side effects.  As far as the prep is concerned...make sure you use  &quot;cold&quot; ice water and not cold tap water when mixing it as well as the followup 2 x 16oz containers of water.  The taste is very salty/sweet and I recommend not breathing through your nose when downing the mixture."
"I have not had any issues with this medication. No weird side effects, or anything like that. Also, my period is lighter, and shorter. I am glad I started taking Mononessa."
"This medication really helps with my pain. I have been through a lot and nothing works. I took Dilaudid and it really helped."
"I was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes in February of this Year. I have been on Janumet 50/500 and it has saved my life
if I was to rate it I will give it a 10 ."
"When mixed with hydrochlorathiozide, the losartan works very well lowering my blood pressure. It does give me back pain and muscle stiffness and soreness. It is better than the lisinopril, which made me depressed and weak. When I stop taking the losartan, my blood pressure shoots way up, so I won&#039;t stop taking it. Wish they&#039;d invent a blood pressure medicine that has no side effects, but that&#039;s dreaming. Better than having a stroke."
"My fiancee has been incarcerated and has been taking BuSpar for over 60 days and he says it is helping him to deal with his anxiety. He has had a problem with marijuana and his counsellor prescribed this medicine and he is so greatful."
"I am a 30 year old woman who has been suffering from IBS-C since before my teen years. This is the only pill that has ever worked for me. There have been times where I would go off the medication because it is rather pricey. And I can tell you, I regret it every time. My IBS-C is so bad to the point where I will go weeks without any relief. And then when I am able to go, I get ridiculously sick for hours prior to the BM. The stomach pains I feel are worse than labor pains, and I would know since I have been through child birth. I only need to take one  8mcg tablet a day (with food, typically lunch time) and I stay regular. If you are struggling with a disease like this, amitiza is totally worth a shot! What do you have to lose?"
"Earlier this year, my rheumatologist was doing a patient study and I asked to be included.  Nothing else we had tried had made any difference in my symptoms..which were the usual: pain, fatigue, memory probs, confusion and depression with sleeplessness.  I was only able to take Savella for five days because of nausea.  I asked to continue but he said to stop the drug IMMEDIATELY. (The only other side effects I experienced were loss of appetite and a tingling/twitching of my upper lip...things I could live with.)  The next day, I had horrid pain.  That was in May and I have had NO pain since, nor have I had ANY other symptoms.  NOTHING! Fingers crossed!!!"
"I got Nexplanon and my doctor told me in advance that its possible to bleed for 3 months but if it doesn&#039;t stop after 60 days, then you should remove it but if you can power through its worth it. I didn&#039;t bleed but my side effects were terrible acne and minimal mood swings (both can be managed.) Now I absolutely LOVE it as a birth control. It&#039;s the most effective form out right now and has eased my nervousness about pregnancy. I don&#039;t need to remember a pill or a shot or to take a ring out. I love it. The only cons are that it hurt when I got it in, and the amount of acne I got, but I think it&#039;s worth the effectiveness. 
SIDENOTE: for 99% of others I know who have it, negative side effects stop after 2-4 months"
"This has been the worst experience. I&#039;ve had horrible anxiety and easily angered. I&#039;ve  been bleeding NON-STOP for 7 months on it. I&#039;m getting it removed and getting the Paraguard IUD (I already have two kids), I like idea of no more hormones and it lasts 10yrs (plus it&#039;s been around since 1985). Hopefully it works"
"This is my 3rd device &amp; I have had the mirena for over 13years. On my 3rd insert my gynaecologist asked if I have been depressed and I said yes thinking it was because I was working full time single mum and was tired. I finally had counselling and felt good again but after a few weeks I was drained.

However during these years, I was deeply depressed and severe anxiety issues, on medication and after speaking to my female doctor we worked out it was the bloody MIRENA, all those years of feeling awful. Use Condoms instead, trust me it&#039;s not worth it. I am 41 &amp; love being myself again."
"Horrible.  After two I came down with a fever (102.6) and awful chills.  The worst was the body aches - in particular my upper back,  My gut told me it was the medicine and not a sudden case of the flu.  I went off immediately and within 15 hours felt 100% myself again.  Everyone is different and this drug is not for everyone."
"I have had chronic pain and tried many medicines including narcotics to help. Celebrex has helped me so much. I am able to do so many things that I couldn&#039;t before. My doctor has me taking it with Tylenol w/Codeine #3 and Carisoprodol."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy about a month ago. I don&#039;t like taking pills but falling asleep at work at 8 am is just not acceptable. I was prescribed the 150mg and my insurance pays for it. There is a discount program offered by some pharmacies (using Walmart). My doctor gave me some information about it and I only paid $10. It is supposed to save $50 each month.
My experience with the pill itself is mostly positive. I finally feel like I can actually pursue my dreams and goals and won&#039;t have to compromise on less because I am too tired to go for it. I also have the side effect of dry mouth though and on the 3rd day of full dosage, I get a bad headache. Because of that, I take only half on some days and most weeks don&#039;t take any on Sunday."
"Best pain relief."
"Just used Viagra 50mg tablet for the first time. I&#039;m 43 and during sex my erection can soften. Results were amazing, hard erection all night and in the morning, wife and I very happy, had slight flu like symptoms later on. No headache and nothing serious. Would recommend and advise to buy branded tablets. I took Pfizer."
"I have been taking Effexor for three years now and I&#039;ve had good luck with it. I take 150 mg per day. I have panic disorder and depression and Effexor has been a godsend. I haven&#039;t had a panic attack since I started it 3 years ago. The only downside is if you miss a dose you really feel it."
"So I&#039;ve only had the mirena IUD for a couple hours however I  am very optimistic of the effects but I wanna tell you about the insertion process cause I definitely was terrified after reading what seemed like endless bad reviews about how much the insertion hurt and how it was the worse experience ever and that because I&#039;ve never had a child it would be even more painful etc. Well let me just say all that was way too exaggerated but keep in mind everyone&#039;s body is different and will take things differently. So I&#039;ve never had a child and I was able to get an IUD inserted and it was no more painful or uncomfortable then a pap. I took ibuprofen and wore lose clothes after it was in the cramping has been on and off but not unbearable so it was pretty easy"
"Ok so I bought the monistat 3 day treatment complete therapy but before I used it I wanted to know if it was painful. I read so many bad reviews that I was about to go back to the pharmacy and return it.  But for some reason at the end I kept it and use it and, I&#039;m very happy that I did because I actually didn&#039;t felt anything I was able to sleep all night. I do recommend this product"
"I&#039;ve only had Implanon for 6 months. They say anything can happen so they can&#039;t tell you much about your period. But, in my experience I&#039;ve had no period so far and no cramps or PMS symptoms. 

I don&#039;t believe the Implanon made me gain weight. I was gradually gaining my Freshman 25 in college from September-May and I got the Implanon in January. It didn&#039;t make me gain weight abnormally. I just continued my weight gain from eating such unhealthy food at school. Since then, I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds and I don&#039;t believe the Implanon has slowed down any of the weight loss.

Unfortunately, reviews are not going to help you because Implanon is strictly person to person, when it comes to side effects. In my case, I love Implanon!"
"Used ciprofloxacin frequently for several years for chronic urinary tract infections. Ended up with painful urination frequently. After much money spent on tests for bladder cancer, I discovered that blood in the urine is a rare, but serious, side effect of Ciprofloxacin.  So all those times I thought I had a bladder infection, I had a ciprofloxacin induced condition. Blood (not usually visible to the naked eye) in urine, but makes urinating very painful nonetheless.  A word to the wise.  We consumers have to do our own research on side effects."
"I had mirena right after my 2nd child in 2009. Insertion wasnt bad at all. Felt like mild cramping I felt like passing out only bc I stopped breathing from being nervous. But I bled...literally for 3 weeks straight. After that I was fine but I gained 10 lbs and I was a total nutcase. I had it in for 2 years. The removal was the worst it felt like she was pulling my insides out. I just had my 3rd child and I am trying skyla...every person is different.  Talk to your dr she or he knows you the best"
"After three weeks of antibiotic for an upper respiratory infection I developed a yeast infection.  My doctor prescribed Fluconazole 100 mg and Monistat 7.  The burning from the cream vaginally I thought was part of the curing process.  After 3 days I had burning so bad I stopped using it.  Now after 3 doses of Flucon. and trying Monistat periodically again burning like fire ants in my crotch I am returning to my Doc screaming!!!  No Monistat will ever be used again by me"
"Was very nervous to start the treatment after reading the reviews on the website. However, my sister was on Matrondazole a week before me and had no symptoms so I thought I would be fine. And turns out, the symptoms were not that bad. First day of antibiotics I felt very sleepy and almost out of it. That went away by day 2 but I still had slight chest pain about 30 minutes after taking a pill each day. By the end of the 7 day treatment, I lost weight and felt so much better. The symptoms of bacterial vaginosis were gone by day 2 and I was thrilled. The worst part was not being able to consume alcohol for 10 days especially during the holiday season. Not being able to drink was still better than BV. I recommend"
"I have been on this birth control for the past week and 2 days and I have never in my life experienced depression being on this birth control has made me severely depressed.Very sad cried for 2 days and didn&#039;t know why I am 20 and haven&#039;t been on bc for like 5 years decided to take this to help with heavy periods .. also I&#039;ve been throwing up  in the morning my boobs are tender and my face is breaking out I&#039;m going to say DEPRESSED one more time being it is seriously messing with who I am .. I would not recommend"
"I am prescribed 0.5mg Xanax twice a day as needed.  It works very well for me when I have high anxiety.  I have no side effects at all from this drug, I don&#039;t even get sleepy with it, I just feel calmer.  I have taken a variety of benzodiazepines for years, and I have never had a problem with an addiction to any of them (and I have a history of drug abuse).  I would just say to take as needed and at the correct dose, and don&#039;t take continuously for a long time, and you should do good with Xanax. "
"Citalopram  works great for me. I&#039;ve been on and off of it for about 5 years. When I was on it several years ago it was like night and day. I have major depression and general anxiety. When going back on it most recently (4 months ago), I started at 20mg for the first month. The first dose helped my anxiety immensely. Within a few weeks my depression lifted some. I&#039;m now on 40mg again and it is definitely helping, but I feel like in the past it worked better for the depression. So Today I&#039;ve started 5mg Abilify  in addition; hoping it will help some more."
"No side effects at all. Truly the best acid-reflux menication that I have taken."
"So I have read some reviews of this pill that are bad but my review will be great! I am on my 6th week taking this pill and I&#039;m so happy! My sex drive is back! Acne is clearing! Period is gone lol it disappeared but oh well. (Not pregnant/took tests) 
Only cons I have were that I do get a tad emotional and cry and little things, I had brown spotting for 2 weeks when I first started it,  no appetite,and  A tiny bit of nausea"
"I can&#039;t say enough about this product. I suffer from acne cysts that show up every few months. Using epiduo as a spot treatment has been a miracle.  I used to have to seek out a cortisone injection or wait out the long process of allowing the cyst to heal while looking absolutely terrible.  Now with the epiduo the cyst seems to form a head and heal within days of first arriving.  I&#039;d recommend this to anyone who has had the misfortune of dealing with these terrible deep acne cysts"
"I have been on Cymbalta for about 2 months and I must say it is working pretty good for me.  I feel &quot;normal&quot; - no extreme ups or downs.  I don&#039;t feel &quot;zombied out&quot; as with some other medications.  I used to have really bad night sweats, but that is over now.  I noticed that I eat much, much less than I used to.  But this is good for me becuase when I was on Seroquil and Lexapro I gained a lot of weight that I am now trying to lose. So overall, this has been a good medicine for me.  I would encourage anyone to at least give it a try.  The only real drawback at this point is the $35 copay since it is not on my insurance plans preferred drug list."
"Just started taking this medicine.  Had the flu and at then end of the 5 day flu, started a head cold.  Couldn&#039;t sleep for a few nights due to cough.  Only woke up 3 times tonight (once to pee and twice due to coughing).  Just took my second dose and will go back to sleep.  Was prescribed codeine, with no help at all.  Was told this is called liquid gold- they weren&#039;t kidding.  Very grateful my pharmacist mentioned this to me then I told my Doctor."
"Took duloxetine for depression, which it helped enough, but it also worked for my nerve pain and occasional urinary incontinence.  I didn&#039;t know it was doing the latter until I started weaning myself off of it and got the stress incontinence back.  Thought it had gone away on its own."
"Pristiq was great for me but seem to stop working after 5 years. Definitely start on the 25mg dose. Let your body get use to it, before increasing. I went to 50 mg but didn&#039;t like the side effects, so went back to 25 mg. Nothing else has worked as well, so I am thinking of giving Pristiq another try after trying numerous other drugs."
"This medicine nearly killed me, and I&#039;m a healthy 33 year old woman who was on it for 4 days.

I was prescribed 50mg of hydochlorothiazide  to take instead of 50 mg atenolol which had been giving me side effects.

By day 4, I was incredibly weak, mentally foggy/confused, and had severe body aches. Also started experiencing chest pains, so I went to the ER, and my EKG showed an abnormal arrhythmia. 

Turns out my potassium had dropped to below 2.5, which can be life threatening. I was given 2 IV bags of potassium, 2 more bags of fluids, and kept overnight. I was fine in the morning (normal EKG and electrolytes) but was told one more day on that med could have been fatal. 

Be careful on this drug."
"I have been suffering from horrible daily chronic cluster/migraine for 30 years with absolutely no relief. My neurologist refused to put me on lithium. According to him it&#039;s an out of date medicine that belongs in the past. I have been on lithium for 2 weeks and have had my first headache free period in so many years. I went to my PCP and he gave me lithium. If you are not satisfied with current treatment, I do recommend this for chronic clusters/ migraines. "
"Tried it last night and wow it was like I was in my twenties again. Had fairly bad acid reflux that was a bummer but the performance gain was amazing. Before my half erection wouldn&#039;t last 5 minutes, last night it was up for a good hour Thank you."
"After taking Amitriptyline (sp), Ambien, trazadone, gabapentin &amp; several others over the years for Insomnia my Dr. gave me a sample pack of Belsomra. It didn&#039;t help at all. It was like I didn&#039;t take anything. Hopefully they will come out with something that actually works."
"This pill was perfection the 1st year I was on it. Then over the past few months my PMDD got bad, I started breaking out, spotting between periods, migraines started kicking in and crazy mood swings. Overall nice pill that prevents pregnancy. The 1st year I was on this was great with no side effects and a period that was light and lasted one day out of the month was awesome. I wish the bad side effects never started because I loved this pill."
"Started taking Contrave Monday March 28, woke up today March 31 with the worst headache I have ever had and nausea so bad it felt like the nori virus. I do not recomend this product. I feel a little better now at lunchtime, all I feel like eating is soup"
"I have been on Belviq for over a year and have been able to finally control what I eat. I was 206 pounds and am now down 164 pounds. I am sorry I did not try it sooner as my overall health has gotten better from cholesterol, blood sugar and sleep. My doctor says I will see my ache knees feel better after another 15 pounds.He says most of his patients are good dieters but bad exercisers for the most part. Just happy to get better health."
"I&#039;m very happy with this medication. I couldn&#039;t find anyone to fill my RX without having to order it. It was prescribed to me in Dec 2016. I went home to research and saw it had literally been out for one month. My new doctor (I moved cross country) recommended it when I mentioned many BC pills make me physically ill (upset stomach, dry mouth, etc.) and that I have very painful periods. Also, I mentioned I had been taking seasonique with frequent breakthrough bleeding. She said the hormones in this were different, and that it was a gel pill. She seemed excited about it, so I agreed to try it. I love it. I seem to have less breakouts and I can take 3 packs in a row to skip periods with ZERO spotting. I feel absolutely no side effects. Great!"
"I take the pill at the same time every day and it has been effective in preventing pregnancies, however my sex drive is now non-existent whereas before I had an extremely high sex drive. I also have vaginal dryness now which is very annoying. Haven&#039;t had any other issues besides that but it is frustrating to deal with at times."
"I have tried four different anti-depressants. All, apart from Lexapro, caused intolerable insomnia. I have now taken Lexapro for 3 years and found it to be life altering. I now feel &quot;normal&quot; and my sleep patterns have improved remarkably. My only side effect is slight sexual difficulties, however these have lessened over time."
"I have been on this pill for 11 months. One thing with me for this pill is that I have to be very careful to take the pill when I&#039;m supposed to. If it&#039;s a few hours or early next day and you remember, it&#039;s ok. If I miss a whole pill, my period was messed up. Before this pill I had bad cramping and horrible 7 day periods! I have no side effects, my periods went from super 7 days to very lite 2 days. This pill is a life saver! Part of the reason I am on this pill is for my horrific periods but the other reason is for an estrogen deficiency. I was experiencing hot flashes, night sweats, thinning in hair, etc. at 29 years old, now I have none of that! I recommend this pill...it has changed my life!"
"The nausea, vomiting and massive diarrhea was so bad that I had to stop after two days.  I waited a week and tried again only to have even worse reactions including headache, gas, etc...  It has been a week and I still have diarrhea 20 or so times per day and as others point out the smell is terrible.  My belly is bloated and distended and my throat hurts from the vomiting.  No weight loss and sugar is higher due to inability to retain medications."
"I have been taking Cymbalta (60 mg) for 7 weeks and it has been of great help with the anxiety, depression and chronic abdominal pain. I have some minor nausea and fatigue most days but nothing really bad.  The most serious side effects I have is the sexual one - lost libido and inability to reach orgasm. After 7 weeks I fear it will be a permanent side effect, which is hard to deal with. Thank you."
"My whole life I&#039;ve had trouble getting to sleep so I&quot;m always not fully rested and would sleep in late every day.  I took 5mg under the tongue at first that works great - within 45 mins I&#039;m relaxed enough to sleep.  Now, however I&#039;ve had to take 10mg after a year of taking 5 doesn&#039;t put me to sleep.  Never done anything weird on Ambien unless I had a beer before taking it.  Unfortunately I&#039;ve used 2.5mg occasionally just to rest 2-3 hours before bed.  Doesn&#039;t seem to have any negative effects but may be addictive.  Haven&#039;t tried a night without it since a year ago."
"I been on brintellix for a month now it has helped me a whole lot with panic attacks .. No side effects at all .. I&#039;m taking 10mg a day . Started with 5mg for two weeks then went up to 10mg .. I feel optimistic about the future now I have my life back . I went six months without driving because I was scared of a panic attacks but with this medication I am back driving I suffer from phobia of driving over bridges .."
"I have been taking Xanax off and on for about 3 years now. It is great for anxiety. I spent thousands of dollars going to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack before it was brought to my attention that it was actually anxiety. I take 0.5mg as needed now. I noticed that when I stopped taking it that I could not sleep for days and I became shaky at times, and the anxiety returns immediately. The other thing that I notice is that after a while you become immune to the dosage. If you only take it with the onset of an anxiety or panic attack it shouldn&#039;t be a problem."
"My Husband has had wonderful success with this medicine it never made him sick the whole time he has been taking it. He is presently still on it for maintaince"
"&quot;My body does not like this ring - it is quite hard, large, and terribly uncomfortable, paid $100 for it, WITH insurance. Estradiol acetate, which is the kind of estradiol provided in this ring, has to pass through the liver, which is an inefficient way for the body to absorb.&quot; 

In reference to the second reviewer, Femring is a transdermal estrogen and it does not have first pass metabolism through the liver. Only oral estrogens do that. It also is not hard and if placed at the top of a normal vagina (which expands - a hysterectomy cut vagina does not do as well), you won&#039;t know it is there. I have personally used this for over 10 years and have prescribed it to 100s of patients. Over 90% loved it - except for the cost."
"Extreme weight gain that I can&#039;t shake off. Stretch marks. Acne, heavy periods (10-13 days), spotting. Depression and mood swings. Would not recommend"
"I have suffered really badly with irritable bowel syndrome for the past two years. The lady I see at the treatment centre recommended I use loperamide capsuals. I take three everyday and they are really good. I recommend these tablets to anyone who suffers with what I do. Thanks."
"I have only been on ritalin for a couple days now and the results are great. My concentration and focus has improved, I can get more things done and I feel more motivated and self assured. My social life is better and can keep a conversation going. The downsides for me where fast heart rate which made me feel anxious, a bad headache when I first took it and a decreased in appetite. Overall this is working for me so far and I would say to not abuse this drug, combine it with alcohol or anything else and to eat well before taking medicine. hope this helps"
"I have tried several different birth controls.  They all gave me major mood swings.  This birth control is the first one that I have been able to take successfully."
"I absolutely LOVE this medicine. I lost 30 pounds on it last year and have lost 7 lbs on it in the last month (no exercise). It makes me feel good and gives me the energy to get things done. My libido had been down due to being on anti-depressants BUT this medicine has affected my libido in a GOOD way. It also helps tremendously because I have ADHD. It helps so much with that too. I love this medicine.

HOWEVER don&#039;t drink a lot when you take it. When I first started it last April I drank WAY too much and ended up in the hospital. The doctor was amazed that they hadn&#039;t told me not to drink on it but all is well now."
"I was pretty skeptical with buying this product. Me &amp; my boyfriend had unprotected sex on a Tuesday and again that following Thursday and his sperm actually went in me. On Tuesday I took the pill 1 hour after we had sex. I didn&#039;t have enough for plan B so had to get this instead. We had unprotected sex again on Thursday (stupid I know) so I took it AGAIN but this time I took it 9 hours after I was the most fertile on this day. (You&#039;re not supposed to take two in the same week) Let me tell you I got my period 4 WEEKS EARLY. THIS PRODUCT WORKS. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!"
"Wellbutrin has caused no side effects that I can tell.  The first day I experienced some euphoria, but that&#039;s all.  I still get sad and super anxious, but you know, some emotion is a good thing.  I&#039;m not constantly depressed and panicky like I was, so- win.   Been on it about 6/7 mo, 150mg ext release"
"I&#039;ve learned the warning sign of an impending leg cramp and I always keep a small supply of 200 mg quinine sulfate accessible.  I use very small containers and have one in the car, one in my backpack when hiking and one in my pocket when out and about. My leg cramps are so painful that it seems that the muscle is tearing itself apart and luckily the pills are within easy reach so the tension ends within a couple of minutes."
"I&#039;ve done well on Testim. Energy and mood levels up. Really helps in the gym, too. Lifting weights enhances the effect, probably because lifting helps augment T. Many women love the smell. I get lots of comments about it. In fact, it&#039;s pretty funny."
"I was suffering from persistent nausea.  I lost a lot of weight as eating was difficult.  I had many tests and my doctor concluded  the problem was mental, not physical.  He prescribed Pregabalin, 75mg twice a day, and the improvement came almost immediately.  I feel much calmer, much reduced anxiety, have my appetite back, and the nausea mostly eliminated.  I would strongly recommend this medicine.  It does make you want to eat, but this was a boon at first as I had lost a lot of weight, but no other side effects as far as I can tell.  Maybe a bit of drowsiness.  This medicine gave me my life back so give it a go if you have run out of other ideas."
"I am a very grateful 43 year young woman.  I quit smoking for the 1st time after smoking for 24 years.  I was having an elective surgery and my surgeon said I had to quit 14 days before my procedure. Which I ended up quitting 12 days before. He nicotine tested me the day of my procedure to be sure I haden&#039;t smoked.  I let him know it had only been 12 days, and I was able to have my procedure!  I began taking Chantix on 3/27/08 and by the next morning they already tasted bad.   I had my last cigarette at 7am on 3/30/08.  I took Chantix for 30 days and have never craved or smoked again. It&#039;s been 7 years and 8 months.  When I think back its hard to imagine ever smoking.  Which my seem crazy since I smoked over half my life.  The love of my life always tells me it&#039;s hard to even imagine that I was a smoker and he would of missed us if I was still a smoker.  Since he would of never pursued me if I smoked.   I only had 2 side effects during those 30 days.  I was nauseous for about 20 minutes after I took the medication and Vivid dreams. Thank you Chantix for giving me a life that I would of never had if I still smoked!"
"This is truly an amazing product..I sweat when I&#039;m cold and have always avoided long sleeve tops and light colours. I&#039;m 29 years of age and would recommend this product. I&#039;m so thankful that a friend had recommended this to me.

I have found that it does not sting, I don&#039;t feel anything, within the next day I could tell that my clothes were dry all day and I felt more confident."
"Have been taking Avinza 2x30 mg/day for 12 months. Pain is better controlled (normal is 3-5; oxy was 5-7).  Still constipated, but fixable with Metamucil. Can safely pay bills and drive.  Wonder drug for me.  No craving, either."
"I have been suffering from depression and anxieties for many years. When I was starting high school, I was prescribed with Paxil, and had taken that for 14 years. During my third year of college, when I was 22, I found out that I had Generalized Anxiety Disorder, because I worried more than the average person. It was only last year that I found out that Paxil was no longer effective, so my doctor suggested that I gradually switch over to Zoloft. My doctor informed me that Zoloft also helps ease anxieties. I took her word for it. Since Paxil and Zoloft are both selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, it really is not that hard to make a switch. Zoloft has definitely caused my worries to decrease. I sleep better as well."
"I have been taking this medicine for 2 1/2 weeks along with a high protein diet of 800 calories a day. I have lost 15 pounds so far. No side effects for me with the exception of the sweet taste in my mouth. It works. I love to eat...thats how I got to where I am, but I have to force myself to eat these days."
"I had surgery that went bad leaving my system kinked.  This caused me to have nothing but problems with straining and constipation for several years now.  I am so happy to be able to use something that makes me feel normal again."
"It works wonders, I would certainly recommend it highly."
"Started this medicine on Monday after second dose started developed a cough. Second day Tuesday cough was worse and developed a headache. Prior to the 4th pill I was now getting a migraine went to bed and only was able to sleep 4 hrs. Third day I refuse to take anymore the symptoms of the UTI have cleared up almost instantly and I will not suffer a migraine for the remainder of the week."
"This medication has kept me stable for 4 years. I am now 23 and was on 1000mgs at night. I recently went down as my bloodtests came back to high. So I went back down to 700mg and had another manic episode. I am now in the process of finding a antipsychotic to go with it. I have managed to stay 110 lbs for 4 years with a healthy diet and exercise. The only side effects I had were major hair loss, slight tremors, and nausea. All of which have passed within a year"
"I don&#039;t like this stuff! I just had my first month of it and for the first 3 weeks I spotted continuously and and the fourth week I had no period! My emotions are going haywire, I cry at everything...I want my Trinessa back!"
"After 6 years on Enbrel, it finally stopped working and I started on Stelara this past July 2013. Excellent results clearing tough, thick-skinned body areas like elbows and knees within 1 to 1.5 months and I&#039;m very pleased. Somewhat perplexing while on Stelara are short cycles of psoriasis turning up and then disappearing from thin-skinned areas like scalp while the bigger problem body areas remain clear. I never had scalp psoriasis while on Enbrel, but I&#039;d still choose Stelara overall for faster, better overall clearing."
"Recently I was put on Norco for a hand injury sustained several years earlier. It has helped my hand tremendously! I can actually use it. I love the fact that it has less acetaminophen and doesn&#039;t make my stomach hurt. It is a miracle."
"This pill has been great. It keeps my period very regulated and I went up a cup size within the first couple months. I have suffered from moderate acne since I was a teenage and since taking the pill, my face is completely clear! I will occasionally get a pimple around the time of my period, but NOTHING like I had before. It is magic! The nausea was mild-moderate during the first few months and I still occasionally feel mildly nauseous (nothing unmanageable, though). My appetite has changed, as well (I don&#039;t crave sugar as often as I used to). I feel like it helps stabilize my mood in general, as well, but I do cry more often than I used to (during period time). All in all, great method!"
"This medicine would make me very agitated physically before sleep. It also would make me angry during the day for no reason, and I&#039;d randomly get depressed or frustrated and cry even when unprovoked. Usually I can look past irritating side effects if the drug is helping, but it didn&#039;t at all anyway."
"Eskalith (Lithium) is by far the most effective drug for bipolar disorder."
"I&#039;ve been taking Effexor XR since 2004.  The side effects that I experience are loss of appetite/weight loss and sexual side effects.  However, every time I try another medicine or try to &quot;get off&quot; my medicines, I crash and I always go back to Effexor and it works really well.  So it is a consistently reliable drug for me and I am very thankful for it."
"I have been diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder, which is difficult as it prevents me from doing day to day activities, I am doing the exposure and response treatment by myself whilst on the list to go see a professional in CBT. It causes me severe anxiety. I got panicky on buses and at work and would be so afraid of having a panic attack I&#039;d avoid stuff. I told my DR and he gave me these anxiety tablets. My OCD was playing up so I was scaring myself into avoiding taking them incase I became dependent on them. I had an important meeting, I knew I needed help with so I took one, it worked! I took 4 buses in one day went to my meeting and felt confident again no anxiety at all. It doesn&#039;t stop your OCD worries however it stops anxiety which helped me."
"My husband was perscribed Lyrica for neuropathic pain. He has been in pain with low back issues since 2005. He has had shots, surgeries, a stim unit inplant. The pain continues to get increase. The lyrica within three days made him completely crazy. Couldn&#039;t sleep, very emotional. Started weaning right away. He had side effects all the way to cold and flu like symtoms. This Lyica is horrible, worst medicine he has ever taken and now we&#039;re stuck for $100.00"
"I was on this pill for over 6 months and it has been the worst experience. When I first started taking it, it was fine but 2 months into it I started gaining weight.. And gained up to 10 pounds. My breasts went from a b to almost a d cup and hurt all the time. I was super angry and depressed all the time. It got to the point where I did not want to get out of bed and go on with my normal routine. I lost many friendships due to being depressed. I also did not go to school for over 3 weeks. I would never recommend this pill to anyone. I should of not taken it when I saw the reviews the first time. I just switched to a different pill and already lost 7 pounds in 2 weeks!"
"I&#039;m glad to have the medicine.  I&#039;m very tired. No headaches, but aching joints.
A lot of gas.  My second week.  Skin tone is getting brighter. Eyes are getting whiter. Urine fluctuates from clear to dark.
Got a real good deal on the meds. Didn&#039;t have to pay any out of pocket. Medicare covered the whole cost.  I&#039;m very grateful.
I&#039;m not itching as much as before."
"I used Lexapro for a year and a half.  Last resort (I mistrust drugs) for my circumstantial depression and PTSD. I was surprised to find that Lexapro worked great for me. I had almost no side effects starting up or since, it began working in 2 days, I worked up slow from 5 to 10 mg, and stayed at 10mg. A charm: I felt level, smoothed, yet still emotional and alive. NOT numb. Positive, happy mostly, tend toward joy. More tolerant and patient too. It did NOT reduce my libido, but DID cause weight gain.  30 pounds since 08 without changing my very healthy moderate diet. Weight won&#039;t budge, unusual for me. I have begun taper thinking I was ready. I&#039;m shocked that I miss it. I&#039;m a better person on it, the edges smoothed. If not for the FAT, I&#039;d continue."
"I&#039;ve had acne since I was 12 and had tried several topical antibiotics but they never seemed to work. I went to the Dr and he prescribed me 100 mg doxycycline hyclate once a day and duac gel twice a day. The first few weeks it dried my face out but not TOO bad.. Just be sure to stay moisturized and drink lots of water other wise it&#039;ll be worse. After about a month I seen results here and there but I&#039;d still break out. 2nd month started to get a little better. I&#039;m now on my 3rd month (almost finished) and I honestly can&#039;t believe how much of a difference I see from when I first started taking it. All I have is a few scars but that&#039;s NOTHING. I&#039;m so excited!! I&#039;ve been waiting for this day forever :) I highly recommend it."
"My urologist proscribed me with 50mg Mirabegron for my overactive bladder, which at the beginning seemed no to work. I was undertaking a bladder training at the same time and I saw no improvement whatsoever for couple of months. Since no other medication has worked for me, due to having no side effects and no alternatives, I continued my treatment on Mirabegron. About three months into my treatment, I started having bladder pains, nothing unbearable, but noticeable. Couple of weeks after that I realized that the pains were caused by my bladder expanding, which at the end massively reduced the amount of times I go to the toilet. This medication saved my life and I will continue taking it for however long I need to."
"I tried everything from magnesium citrate to even an enema! Nothing worked until I tried dulsolax! It worked 6 hrs after I took it with lots of drinking water and it cleaned me out! I didn&#039;t take it overnight, I took it during the day while I was still active and the cramps were not too bad!"
"I&#039;m on day 7. It&#039;s the third antibiotic I&#039;ve taken in 2 months. I pray it worked. I wanted to tell people to take good PROBIOTICS and it will keep the itching away. I take keffir It&#039;s like a probiotic yogurt smoothie w billions of good bacteria per serving in the yogurt section. I&#039;ve also used Pill form probiotics "
"Condom broke on Saturday night, took Plan B One Step on Sunday afternoon. After 6 symptom-free days, I started spotting on Saturday and by Sunday my period arrived with minor cramps and light bleeding. It takes time to work so just relax and let the pill do its job! I&#039;m also well over the weight guidelines (I&#039;m 197lbs) but it worked for me!! Thanks Plan B!"
"I am 23, got diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis last year. I been miss diagnosed with systemic yeast infection because of the psoriasis and took 10 weeks of anti fungal prescription medicine which didn&#039;t help of course because that&#039;s not what I had. I went to a different doctor and he sent me to a rheumatoid specialist and from there he introduced and prescribed me Humira and I took my 1st injection and the next morning I woke up and my joint pain, swelling and psoriasis greatly reduced."
"Worst pill i have ever took . After 14 hours after taking the pill . I feel tyred , muscles pain ... Same symptoms as whe you have flue . Didn&#039;t have any of these simpthoms before taking the pill . Just the rhinitis. Which by the way is still there but less simptomatic."
"Terrible med. for me like it was for a lot of people.  I used it for 6 weeks (enough time to get into my system).  It caused panic attacks, which was not fun.  I would have several each day.  I was taking this med. for anxiety and depression.  I cried every single day, and several times a day on this med. and I did not sleep a full nights sleep for the entire duration. I felt way more sad, and felt like I was in a zombie like state daily.  I read reviews of this drug and prayed that I would soon start to feel better, and wouldn&#039;t be one of those that this drug did not work for.  Alas, I was one of those.  I stopped taking Effexor, cold turkey 5 days ago.  Best thing I ever did.  I experienced some withdrawal symptoms, like severe brain zaps"
"Dating back to 1960, it seems like I&#039;ve been plagued with pain every day of my life. Most of the time a small amount of aspirin will eliminate the issue. But there are days when almost nothing will end the pain. Since I began taking Norco 3-4 years ago - up to three, 10-325 mg tablets a day, life has been a genuine pleasure. I&#039;m still experiencing daily pain. But it is very seldom severe. And when it is, that&#039;s only because I forgot I&#039;m 74 years old and spent the day working in the yard like an 18 year-old.

I can&#039;t begin to name all the pain-killers I&#039;ve used in my life. But Norco is, by far, the most effective."
"I am 43 and have two teenage children. It really hurt when inserted but all went well. Had bad cramps for couple weeks off and on. I bled for several weeks and it was not too heavy. Periods are now almost gone!! No more cramping. I have had a very good experience. I think my weight gain is from the IUD but not 100% sure."
"I was prescribed Ambien for insomnia because I am going through a particularly stressful time in my life. It does put me to sleep quickly but I&#039;ve had several bouts of sleep walking. The last one was two nights ago and this one might actually cause me to stop taking it. My room mate said I got up and started to cut up some chicken then mixed it with some dry dog food. This wouldn&#039;t be bad if I then fed it to my dog but instead, I started feeding it to myself! Thankfully after I took one bite, she said I spit it out so I guess I wasn&#039;t completely out of it. I discovered other things like food taken out of the fridge and sugar spilled on the counter. Other than these things, the drug works great!"
"I&#039;m just finishing my 1st pack of Yaz and couldn&#039;t be happier. A few years ago I tried the shot, only once. It took a full year for my period to get back to normal. About a year ago I tried a generic birth control pill. It was an effective form of birth control, which was the major reason I used it for, but similar to the shot I had almost no libido, was very emotional and had bad acne. My fiance kept bringing up Yaz. I decided to give it a shot since he put up with me so long. I&#039;ve been happy, acne is going away, no bad side effects and libido is up. The only way to make it better is if it was cheaper. My insurance only takes off $10, so $50/month for BCP is the only downfall."
"I am 39 years old, was a new nurse and struggling with major depression. I had not been to a Dr in years and broke down crying at the first visit. Started 50 mg a day. Felt a little funny first couple days but now feel much better! Everyone noticed a change for the better and even got a promotion at work! Feel so much better and have not had any side effects!"
"I am 5 feet and 135 pounds. I took ONE tablet and had multiple NORMAL BMs over a 24-hour period with no cramping, nausea, or sweats. TIPS: 1) Take with ALOT of water and some food; 2) TAKE ONE at the beginning; 3) DON&#039;T IMMEDIATELY SLEEP; 4) WAIT 24 HOURS BEFORE TAKING MORE."
"Hi everyone, I usually got my period once in 3 months and when the Dr diagnosed me of PCOS in 2013, he prescribed metformin for me but it gave  me serious gastrointestinal issues so I stopped it barely after 2 weeks. After I got married in 2015, we started TTC and along the line bumped into this page. I summoned courage and got metformin again by October 2016, this time I didn&#039;t mind the side effects but took it judiciously at 1500mg/day. My period became a tad regular and viola......we got a BFP in Feb 2017!!! In the end please don&#039;t forget to keep praying .
Goodluck guys."
"I feel extremely happy and it may be because I am taking sertraline. I, however, believe that the sertraline has helped any anxiety I have felt (I have panic attacks and have self diagnosed OCD - sometimes I feel I must know everything about everything) the anxiety which I no longer feel allows me to think clearly, plan my ideas in a chronological order,  I now know that it&#039;s never going to be the end of the world (hopefully) and discipline myself and my thoughts accordingly. I plan to stay on sertraline only for 6 months longer, and then my discipline should take hold :) I hope this helps x"
"This medicine has helped me be more normal. I&#039;m not unstable at all unless I skip my medicines and I&#039;m even in university although it&#039;s very hard on me. When I take my Lamictal if I did an all nighter I go straight to bed and miss class so it does make you tired but I wouldn&#039;t recommend missing your medication for more than one night. Lamictal really helped me lead a normal life though. It&#039;s a great mood stabilizer and helped me have no relapses at all. I&#039;m on Risperdal, Paxil, Lamictal and Geodon right now but trying to get off Paxil and Risperdal completely cause it&#039;s made me gain a lot of weight."
"the 1mg xanax made my life easyer to live. before i thought everyone was talkin about me and couldnt sleep but now im the life of the party"
"I have been on this medication for approximately 8 years. Before I started this medicine I was in terrible shape. With Sjogren&#039;s syndrome as my primary autoimmune disease and rheumatoid arthritis as my secondary autoimmune disease I was in terrible persistent  pain, had terrible joint ache and was incapacitated for about four months before finally being diagnosed and given this. Along with steroids, this medicine, and some regular doses of ibuprofen I found I was able to be mobile again, to go back to work and have a quality life again. 
I have not found that being on the same the dosage has lessened it&#039;s effectiveness over the last 8. During major flares especially, it would be near impossible to have a good, healthy life."
"When I first started taking this medication, I was determined to end it all. Four years later, I&#039;m the happiest person I know. I still have a high sex drive, although I&#039;ve known people to say that lexapro takes it away for them. I didn&#039;t gain any weight and I&#039;ve learned through meditation and breathing techniques to handle what small anxiety attacks I may get in my hectic life (two jobs, an apartment, school, long distance boyfriend) and at 20 years old I&#039;m better off than most of my friends and feel like I can accomplish anything. Lexapro saved my life."
"&quot;I serverd in the United States military and was diagnosed with a horrible panic disorder. I left 70% disability due to severe Anxiety and a crippling panic disorder with Agoraphobia . I have been on everything there is including all the REAL serious meds in my 4 psychiatric visits at the VA. Nothing worked absolutely nothing besides benzodiazepines. Klonopin in my opinion works the best out of the benzo family. Has a very long half life and will come on slower but last way longer than others like xanax or Ativan witch hit you FAST but leave fast leaving you with wanting another dose quicker witch in my opinion sucks. In conclusion Klonopin saved my life I have been on it 5 years at .5mg 3 times a day&quot;"
"I was prescribed Vicodin when I had my 1st back surgery 15 yrs ago! It helped and 2 years later I had my 2nd back surgery! The Vicodin became less effective so I went to pain management and was put on the Duragesic patch which changed my life with the pain! I took myself off of Vicodin and eventually took myself off of the patch! I still live in pain but no longer depend on pain medication."
"I am a nurse and I think Victoza is a great new medication . We have used it on all ages for type II diabetes. With great success, most patients love it! Of course there are a few that don&#039;t maintain the proper diet who have tried it and had no change. The main side effect was nausea, but worth a try. Good Luck !"
"I started taking 20 mg of Latuda in addition to the 900 mg of Lithium that I&#039;ve been on for over 10 years. Even before the dosage was increased to 40 mg after one week, I noticed a difference in my mood: I became less depressed, wanted to do things like cleaning up, less withdrawn, and the suicidal thoughts disappeared. My sleeping is still not as good as it should be however even with the 25 mg of Seroquel which I sleep very poorly without. I also take Lorazepam as needed for anxiety. I am starting on 80 mg dosage of Latuda shortly, and if all goes well my psych said the Lithium may eventually be dropped."
"My orthodontist prescribed this and it works wonders, I also have Botox injected into my jaw, both work like magic. Insurance covers the Valium but not the Botox."
"Worst decision I ever made as I am far worse now with frequency, always feeling like I need to urinate, UTIs and pain.  Can&#039;t sleep at night with going to the bathroom 8 or more times, and lack of sleep triggered my depression."
"So far I have had Skyla for about two and a half years, It works great,aside from very minimal cramps there is only one major complaint I have,I am 23 but can never have a clear face,as if I am ten years younger. If you do not mind having severe acne it definitely does it&#039;s job and prevents pregnancy 100% if put in correctly, Occasionally my partner can feel the strings,as well. And sometimes I do have bleeding from around my cervix if intercourse was a bit rough. I also sometimes have trouble with &quot;dryness&quot; but am unsure if that is related to Skyla. Overall,if you do not wish to have children whatsoever and do not mind having acne,I believe this would be a go-to birthcontrol!"
"Femhrt worked wonderful.  Had to wait a couple of months for the full effect so give it time.  The only downfall is that it is expensive and does not have a generic."
"I have suffered from depression on &amp; off since childhood as I had gone through a lot of trauma in my childhood. I believe my brain was rewired due to the depression I&#039;ve endured since - that first started when I was 9 yrs old. I&#039;ve been on about 14 different antidepressants of all types (including MAOI &#039;s &amp; mood stabilizers &amp; none of them had really worked for me. I gave up on everything - &amp; truly believed I&#039;d just had to accept wanting to die almost daily for the rest of my life!!! I finally asked my Dr. if I could try any new antidepressants &amp; he prescribed Pristiq. 
This is the start of my 3rd month on it &amp; it&#039;s changed my life! I&#039;m actually feeling wonderful &amp; have found hope again! On 50mgs/day."
"It is so upsetting that I can no longer get Quinine Sulfate for use when my legs cramp at night.  I call my symptoms Dancing Legs because they just won&#039;t calm down without quinine.  "
"Wrapping up week 8 with Pristiq. First depression treatment attempt, therefore unable to compare to similar drugs. Notable: elevated mood, on-and-off headaches, sleepiness, confusion, poor coordination, decreased appetite, consistent sex drive. Positive effects of drug definitely outweigh set backs. Thanks Pristiq. Everyone is different and therefore no two people are expected to react the same."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 1 year now. I agree with previous posters that every woman is different and we all will have a different experience. 
I personally loved this pill. I&#039;m not breastfeeding and I&#039;ve never had any side effects. My partner and I use this as our only form of contraception (meaning no condoms or withdrawal) and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. (Though please do your own research and access the risk before deciding to do this because the mini pill is slightly less effective than the combined pill). 
I would also like to note that I have suffered from anxiety my entire life and I haven&#039;t felt any different since starting the pill. 
This pill has been perfect for me and I will continue taking it."
"I&#039;m 17 and have been taking this for about a month now for ADHD. I started at small doses of Ritalin (10 mg) and then moved to 20 mg. My doctor thought it would be easier to just put me on Concerta since it&#039;s 18 mg a pill. I then took 36 mg of Concerta which didn&#039;t work out. I got major irritability and started feeling depressed. Even my focus was off. I went back down to 18 mg and it&#039;s working much better. No irritability, depression feeling. Make sure you&#039;re on the right dose for your body, too much can do more harm and too little may not do any thing."
"The first week it wasn&#039;t too good but after it was in my system..BRILLIANT! I am happy, in control of my emotions and back studying and being the best mum I can be ...wonderful."
"Zoloft was the first medication I was prescribed for Depression.  It worked well in that it kept me from screaming at my family, and elevated my mood.  I was on a low dose of 50mg.  In time, it seemed I became immune to it so I was switched to Prozac because a friend had recommended it."
"It saved my life. So thankful I gave it a chance."
"This medication was a nightmare for me... less than an hour after taking the first pill, I had fever and chills that never left me for the 10 days I took that medecine. I felt horrible, exhausted (my body was fighting against fever all the time), got headaches, joint pain, back pain... I could not take it after 10 days..."
"This medicine has worked wonders on my chronic back pain. I have tried everything from Tramadol to Opana ER and for the price Roxicodone 30mg tops them all if taken as prescribed, and at the same time each day. The only downfall is that you must take the pills more frequently than say MS Contin or Oxycontin where you only need them every 12 hours. However that was my main problem with the Opana, Oxycontin, Etc., they didn&#039;t seem to last the full 12 hours as advertised. I was lucky if I got a good 8 hours from them."
"I just started using this birth control and so far I love it. This is my first month and I did not gain any weight and my period is very light, which I love! I have had an acne problem for about almost 1 year. I started using Proactiv a couple of days before I started the Microgestin Fe 1/20 and I wasn&#039;t seeing a big difference in my skin until I started to use the birth control. I would recommend this to everyone!"
"Great drug for me.  I am a 42 yo wife who has been taking Lexapro for 5 weeks and I love it! Only side effect is crazy dreams. Before this I thought of suicide almost daily.  Now, I feel like I can go on. I threw a Halloween party and invited 40 people over.  I&#039;m getting back to the old me. I meet with my doctor in 2 days and I can hardly wait to tell him what a difference this medication has made in my life. I&#039;m so grateful."
"I couldn&#039;t sleep at all.  It made my heart beat fast.  Overall physically I felt very uncomfortable and unstable. I stopped it and went back to Zyprexa."
"Worked as expected. No solid food after dinner two nights before procedure day, clear liquids only, began at 6:00pm, then chased each glass of prep with ginger ale on ice for taste. Important to use straw with prep; helps bypass the taste on tongue. Residual cleansing continued into the night for several hours, but not too inconvenient."
"Started this medicine 2 days ago.  Slept for 14 hours straight.  Hunger just kicked in and I ate a huge sandwich and drink and I&#039;m still hungry.  Changed dose to 1/2 of 4 mgs and got up this morning normally.  I intend to build up slowly because of the sleepiness side effects.  I intend to stay on this due to my fast metabolism and stress to get back to normal.  I think it is working!"
"I get very occasional migraines, sometimes out of the blue, sometimes exercise triggered. I always get a visual aura minimum, sometimes get pins and needles down one side. Untreated I will get the tropical crashing migraine but, thankfully, not for more than a day. I used to use Migraleve but often couldn&#039;t keep the tablets down. Maxalt Melt has been fantastic. If I can get one within 20 minutes to half an hour of the visual aura and get to bed it will knock my out for a few hours. I either escape the headache completely or have a fairly short lived one, say 2 hours. no sickness either. Superb drug."
"I have been on accutane for a little over two months now. My acne was terrible before taking this. I had been on everything on the market. In the first few weeks of treatment my skin got worse, but now it is fantastic with few bumps. My skin isn&#039;t very dry, just my lips. I play a lot of sport and experience joint and chest pain in many of my matches. I&#039;d rather experience little physical pain over the emotional and physical pain of having acne."
"I am a 15 year old female. I started taking Vyvanse around 5 months ago. When I first started taking it I saw a difference immediately. I was always on 50mg. It made me very irritable and emotional the first times I took it. Currently, I&#039;ve been taking this for a few months and it is starting to become less effective on me. I am now starting to double up my doses taking 50mg to 100mg a day. It gets me through the day and keeps me awake. Not to mention excellent grades in school."
"I tried this medicine for 2 months, I lost 9 lbs. It was hard falling asleep at night, most nights I couldn&#039;t fall asleep until 4 or 5 am. It also made me feel depressed."
"I had about 25 pounds to lose so my doctor prescribed Contrave. I was super excited to try it! I took it for two days and woke up the second day with the worst migraine of my life and vomiting.  I stopped taking it but felt ill (nauseous) for the rest of the week. That Saturday I got a fever. My Tuesday my fever had spiked to 103 and I was vomiting with a headache. I went to the ER and my liver enzymes had shot through the roof (almost 400). The doctors think I got Hepatitis from this medication.  I have been so sick, nauseous, fever, chills, body aches, fatigue, headaches.  I was a totally healthy (although a little overweight) 40 year old female who doesn&#039;t drink or do any drugs who got seriously I&#039;ll on this medication."
"People reading and writing birth control reviews need to think carefully about how individual hormonal contraceptives are.  A woman who has never been on the pill is bound to take a few months to adjust to the introduction of a new hormone.  That said, I love Seasonique.  I had been on Nordette for years - a low dose combination.  I always got migraine after stepping off the active pills, triggered by the pre-period hormone dip.  They were horrendous vision-impairing headaches.  With Seasonique (same medication combination), I only have this dip every three months.  Fantastic!  Sometimes I get my 2-day headache from hell right before my period, sometimes I can avoid it.  Seasonique literally keeps me from missing work due to migraines."
"Today is November 17, and I just finished my second week using saxenda. It has sure been a life saver for me. I have dieted with every diet out there, lost a few pounds, but always hungry and always felt I was giving up the foods I love. I am a food addict, no doubt about that. I eat when I a happy, I eat when I am sad, I eat just to eat. I think of food 24/7. This medication has helped me with this. I still think about food, but I don&#039;t obsess about it, and I still eat what I want, but in much less amounts. I am down 6 pounds, and excited to see how this goes. I will be going up to 1.8 this week.
Dawn"
"As other users have stated, I have had severe stage fright anxiety since I was at highschool. I dread presentations, I would avoid them at all costs!! But it has come to a time in my life when I could avoid them no more, so I did some googling and this wonderful drug came up. I went to my doc, he said it was safe to use. I took 20mg 1.5hrs before my speech, I was sceptical though! But when It was my turn, I got up and felt nothing.. It was amazing!!! My usual fight or flight response was gone! No rapid pounding heart, no sweats, no shakes, no nervous voice, NOTHING! I was cool and calm, it was unbelievable! Would recommend to anyone suffering severe performance anxiety. But also note it does make you feel a little sluggish, Goodluck!"
"Accutane IS awesome! Of course you&#039;re going be dry- but you will be clear and stay clear. Stick with it- the side effects are only temporary but clear skin forever is worth it."
"I am 18, (NO KIDS) currently have Mirena in and it has been in for 5 days now. All I have to say for anyone who is considering having the IUD inserted... choose wisely! First of all, you probably think the same exact thing I did, women are only writing bad things, it won&#039;t be as bad as they say. Well i&#039;m here to tell you they are wrong. My obgyn which mind you is also a midwife, FAILED to tell me how very painful my lower back and abdomen similar to back labor, were going to be  for the next FIVE DAYS. Terrible stabbing pain all over, migraines every single day, my right leg is numb all the way down to my knee. Insertion was probably the worst thing I have ever experienced. Needless to say, it&#039;s getting removed tomorrow...."
"I&#039;m 24, I don&#039;t have kids and I&#039;ve never been pregnant.  I&#039;ve been with my boyfriend for 8 years, and kids just are not in our near future.  I have been on the pill since I was 14 and just recently we wanted to try something long term.  I got the Mirena put in 2 days ago.  I was nervous and so scared because of all the bad reviews I read about it before I went to have it put in.  While getting the Mirena put in there were 3 cramps, each cramp were worse than the other but none were unbearable.  Once the Mirena was put in, they did an ultra sound to be sure that it was in place and my doctor said everything looked great.  I went back to work after I got it put in, I was tired and a little uncomfortable for the rest of the day.  Then all good"
"Best decision I ever made regarding birth control. In high school I had the worst time with birth control making me sick so in 2012 I decided to do some reaserch and got the implant in my arm. It hurt a little for about 1 1/2 weeks and for the first month bleed and spotted every day but since then have not had any periods at all have been sexually active and not gotten pregnant. If I did gain weight I didn&#039;t notice.  also with having depression my depression didn&#039;t get any worse which was what I was mainly worried about."
"I&#039;ve been on a number of birth controls for the past 10 years and this is by far the best. Not perfect, but the best yet. I Have 4 kids, my last 2 were both birth control babies! I decided to try this. Insertion wasn&#039;t what I expected I was nervous for nothing! I bled for the first month but after that I had very light periods and now I have none at all. I get cramps as if I am about to but either don&#039;t or just get very small spotting. No issues so far and no pregnancies. No weight gain, no nausea, no headaches and no other side effects. Highly recommended for at least a try!"
"I experienced multiple transient ischemic strokes and my neurologist prescribed Aggrenox.  Following the first dose I felt my head was going to explode and got extremely nauseated.  I ended up in the emergency room.  I now list Aggrenox as a medication that I am allergic to because of the severe side effects.  I continue to use Aspirin, Plavix and other medications to try to prevent strokes."
"I took xolair for chronic idiopathic urticaria, the hives disappeared after the first injection. The 3 first months was 300mg per 4 weeks. After 3 months the hives came back&hellip; reactine, and blexten ( new antihistamin) can&#039;t do anything for my hives. The doctor increase my xolair to 300mg per 2 weeks. The hives completely disappeared but, after the injections I have headaches for 3-4 days and I&#039;m so tired. But for the moment is more acceptable that have hives and angioeodema ! ( sorry my english is bad)"
"Best pain ointment I have ever tried"
"Medication worked great now insurance decided to stop covering it"
"I have been taking Diclegis for 2 weeks now and I feel amazing. Taking 3 pills a day seems to be the magic dose for me. I previously tried Zofran which helped minimally but I was still nauseous and vomiting violently a few times throughout the day. I work full time so I really needed something more effective so my doctor recommended I try Diclegis. Two thumbs up, just a little pricey."
"I am 46 years old on blood pressure medicines and have been experiencing erections over the last couple of years that are not very firm and at times not hard at all. I took one Cialis 20MG and within 30 minutes I had an erection that was harder than I have had in years. Cialis lasted for over 36 hours as I was able to achieve a very hard erection many times. My wife was very happy and tired by the end of the weekend.... Amazing science!"
"About 3years ago I used the product and woke up swollen terribly the episiotomy to have my son wasn&#039;t swollen like that   -I was not looking at the same va jj my bf and I went to the e.r and was asked all kinds of questions. But I never asked the right ones. Like what ingredients made me react like that? And what do I take if I ever get a YI again?"
"Used Jubia for about 4 months, and all I can say is amazing amazing amazing. I&#039;ve had toe fungus for 12 years, and nothing ever worked. I had it on every single toe, and they were all severe, painful, and inflamed all the time. Some of the nails took a little longer than others, but 100% success! This product clearly doesn&#039;t work for everyone, but anything is better than liver killing meds. If you have the means to try it, TRY IT. It is an expensive product, but there&#039;s a 50 50 chance it could work!"
"I am here to tell you 2 years after having my left kidney removed I am stable, and have been on Sutent since February 2009. I am the Cheryl that commented December of 2009. I am still grateful to the makers of Sutent.  I am now on 37.5 instead of the initial 50mg and it is more tolerable.  I have been stable for the last 6 months. I have one tiny nodule left in my liver. I started with 14 nodules in the lungs and 3 in the liver.  "
"Works great. I can now sleep at night"
"I took Prozac for 15 years and it worked great for obsessive compulsive disorder!  About 3 years ago I started noticing &quot;mania&quot; where I couldn&#039;t sleep or sit still to even eat.  After seeing several different doctors who treated it with medication for ADHD or Bi-polar it was determined that it was a side effect to Prozac so I stopped taking Prozac and all the mania stopped. Google shows two side effects to Prozac are 1) can&#039;t sit still and 2) can&#039;t sleep at night.  I wanted to share this unusual experience to help any others who may be experiencing mania and can&#039;t figure out why.  If you too are on Prozac then it may be a side effect but check with your doctor. "
"I like to read reviews on any medication I am thinking about taking before I commit. I was horrified by some of the reviews I read for this medication. I was on several other birth control pills before trying this one and never found one that suited me. My doctor recommended that I try Lo Loestrin Fe and I am so glad that she did. I love this pill. I never have my period, which I LOVE! It freaked me out the first few months but once I got used to not having a period I absolutely love it. I have been on it for 2 years, my husband and I never use any other protection or pull out and I have never had any pregnancy scares. I never had any of the side effects that I read in the other reviews. Obviously everyone reacts differently, but I love it."
"I&#039;m 19 , its my first yeast infection and holy moly does it hurt. My skin down there is raw and burns like hell. I was given and Diflucan to help with the yeast infection. Me, wanting to hurry the healing process, bought monistat 7 because someone recommended it for me &amp; when it came to inserting it was uncomfortable and then boom the sensation of itching and burning came ! Whoa Baaaad experience. Itches a lot . The itching has slowed down a bit already but still once applied it burns &amp; itches like craaazy."
"This is my second week on vyvanse and all I can say is WOW!!!. The fact that I haven&#039;t thought about food all day long is a miracle. I&#039;ve binged for around 36 years. I have gained and lost more weight than I care to mention. I hope anyone with BED finds help."
"My boyfriend and I had an accident where the condom slipped last week on Wednesday, May 15. Within the first hour, we went to a pharmacy and I took Plan B One Step. I was nervous because my period didn&#039;t come on Saturday, like it was supposed to. Keep in mind that I also recently went off of birth control so I could switch brands, so my period would have been erratic anyway. Still, as you can imagine, I lived the next days in panic. But the package on the box says to wait up to one week after your expected period. It has been nine days since I&#039;ve taken the pill, but sure enough, this morning, Friday, May 24, I woke up with terrible cramps and lots of bleeding. I&#039;ve never been so happy to get my period!"
"The only thing I&#039;ve tried that works. These patches are GREAT! I have no sensations at all. If you&#039;re a heavy smoker and really want to stop smoking, I recommend you use these. I will NEVER smoke again because of these patches. I also use the Nicotine Gum."
"I was diagnosed at 20 and put on muscle relaxers and pain killers that did nothing more than immobilize me.  I read about the guaifenesin treatment and asked my doctor for a prescription.  I started at 1200mg extended release 2x daily.  FINALLY I had my life back.  When Mucinex took away the generic option, I dropped to 600mg 2x daily, and it still does the trick.  12 years later, I still swear by it. I have occasional set backs, but I always bounce back within a week."
"I just started the medication 10mg for 14 days then 20mg for 
1 month then doctor wants to see me I have been diagnosed with anxiety, panic disorder, OCD, depression, and depersonalization. I have been on the celexa for five days an although the doc told me it would be 3-4 weeks for full effect I smiled today, I don&#039;t feel heavy with thought, I feel like I will come back to me I didn&#039;t mind wander or get too into my head today. That&#039;s a great feeling, I think I&#039;m going to be okay!"
"One of the very first side effects of this drug was spotting which I was ok with, but during the very first two months I experiences horrible cramping, way worse than the cramping of my usual period, I literally felt like my uterus was going to explode...it hurt that bad. Along with that also came the side effects of a burning vagina - very uncomfortable and worse it lasted a while, to the point where I didn&#039;t want to have sex. Also for 2 weeks I was very depressed. This drug caused me to be extra sensitive to everything. Along with that on the 4th month of taking this I started to get hives all over my forehead. They were terribly itchy and nothing made them go away, even after I stopped taking it, it took months for it to go away :("
"Ok back in May, I decided I wanted to get back on birth control. On June 10th I had gone to get on the first day of my period for the month. I had gotten it and it burned like hell when getting put in my arm. But once the burning stop (after a few days) I felt alright physically but it had made me pretty emotional for the next few weeks. Then July 10-11th came around and I started my period and thought maybe it takes time to get adjusted well... I&#039;m now into month 4 of this constant bleeding.. And it&#039;s rarely ever red. It&#039;s a dark almost black brown with globs of I don&#039;t know what (maybe blood clots?) and I didn&#039;t go back to get my second shot because the bleeding freaked me out but it&#039;s still going.. And I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s a bad sign.."
"It took 2-3 months for everything to regulate, but now that I&#039;ve been on it for almost a year, I love it. My cramps aren&#039;t as bad, bleeding is much lighter than it used to be, hormones are 1,000 times more steady, and best of all: only 4 periods per year! Only drawback is that I get random menstrual-like cramps, but they&#039;re very light, don&#039;t even need to take ibuprofen, it&#039;s more of a small annoyance than anything. I haven&#039;t gained weight, but my face has broken out some over the past 1-2 months; it didn&#039;t for the longest time so I&#039;m not sure whether there&#039;s a correlation to the Beyaz or not. I take it at night, because if I take any kind of birth control in the morning I feel extremely dizzy/nauseous all day. Overall an awesome choice!"
"Everyone&#039;s Experience with a drug will be different. In my case, being a 6ft, 170 pound male with depression on 50mg of zoloft , I had a good experience. It wont be the same for everyone but you have to hang in there until you find the right medication. I tried lexapro previously 10mg and it was too intense for me. Zoloft is a little bit softer and less intense (for me anyway) . The first two weeks sucked , I had increased anxiety and it was hard to sleep but it was worth it. I was going through withdrawal syndrome from lexapro (i stopped taking it) and the zoloft cured me in about 3 days. it has helped my depression alot, and a little bit of my anxiety. I want to stay on 50mg as long as possible and i am hoping this will last.  I"
"I&#039;m 32 and had the Mirena IUD inserted 4 months ago. I started experiencing relentless acne on one side of my jawline almost immediately which was unsightly and embarrassing. I googled if there was a correlation between the two and found endless websites stating there was. When I read that spironolactone helped many women, I called my OB/Gyn and asked her for a prescription which she had no problem with and sent my prescription to the pharmacist without an appointment. I&#039;ve taken 25mg for only 6 days so far and have already noticed an impressive improvement without any side effects. So happy!"
"I love the medication its the only one that worked for me but the name brand is the one. I tried the generic and it did not work but it is very expensive."
"Hello,  this birth control was wonderful for me! I spotted maybe a week. I have never had kids but the insertion was not terrible at all and everything was just amazing!"
"I&#039;ve never had weight gain like this in my entire life, 10-12 pounds in just a month. On top of that I didn&#039;t get my period at all, which would be a plus for some people, but it just freaked me out and I needed up taking a bunch of tests because I&#039;ve never been able to skip my period before. Crazy mood swings, lots of crying, don&#039;t recommend at all."
"I used to sweat under the arms excessively.  All my tee shirts had yellow stains.  My doctor prescribed this once back in 2000.  Yes it burned somewhat, but it totally stopped the underarm perspiration.  I haven&#039;t sweated under my arms much since about the end of 2000.  I had the prescription renewed in June 2001, and that bottle is still half full, since I have totally stopped underarm perspiration, and I haven&#039;t had to use it in 11 years!"
"I am a 60 year old male who has suffered with depression and panic attacks. In my late 30s, I decided to seek help.  Like many others, the list of medications my doctors tried would fill a dictionary.  Some worked for a while.  I refused to take Lithium.  In my late 40s, I was also diagnosed with ADD.

I now use 4 medications successfully: Effexor XR 450 mg daily, Xanax 1 mg daily, Adderall XR 60 mg daily, and Strattera 25 mg daily.

I am now free of both depression and panic attacks for nearly 10 years!  I am comfortable in public speaking and find that I love the adrenalin-rush!

I&#039;ve tried to stop using Effexor XR but always restarted because of the horrible depression.  Withdrawal is like a bad acid trip.  Use Effexor to stay alive!"
"I&#039;ve been on Quasense for about a year and a half and I love it! I had breakthrough bleeding during my first pack (the first 3 months) but have not had bleeding since. My body just needed to get used to the change in hormones and not having my period every month. I did gain a little weight but that could be unrelated. Big Fan!"
"I have been taking the Zohydro 50 for about 8 months now.  I started off with the Hyslinga 80 mg but it was not lasting the full 24 hours so my Pain Dr. put me on the Zohydro 50mg twice a day.  For the most part it has worked well... I loved the fact that I did not have to take 6 pills a day to try to manage my pain..  And I will say the Zohydro worked a lot better that taking all those pills.  My last appointment I got my prescriptions and took to the pharmacy only to find out that my insurance company... Blue Cross/Blue Shield... Yes I am blasting them...  Ended up having to go back on the Hydrocodone 10mg 6 times a day and it is NOT working... In CONSTANT Pain... So upset about this!!!"
"I have Osteogenesis Imperfecta. After getting Aredia for years and not seeing much improvement (maybe it prevented deterioration), I received Aclasta for 2 years and my bone density went from very fragile to just below average. That was 2 years ago. No side effects and no deterioration as of yet.

I&#039;m very happy to be repaired."
"Negligible improvement of Chronic Rhinitis. Multiple nasty side effects including, headaches, sore throat, muscular aches in throat, neck and back as far down as the kidneys, occasional dizziness. These symptoms started after about a week of one puff per nostril per day. And they are persisting six weeks after stopping use of this product. It is like having a mild dose of influenza without any fever or elevated body temperature. It might work for some people, but for me it is very bad news."
"Wow! After a 1 year of frustration this really worked. I got an erection after 15 minutes and was able to put on a condom without rushing or worrying about losing my erection. It was so nice."
"I had tried to implanon before they changed it to Nexplanon, but that was a terriable experience because like the reviews said blead ALOT and always had pregnancy symptoms before bleeding 3 weeks out of the month..  I went to the doc and got an estrogen pill and that helped!! Then when the 3 years were up I got the new one nexplanon and I haven&#039;t really had that many issues I accurately love it!!!! I recommend it!"
"First medicine I was put on for high blood pressure and no negative reactions.  Very satisfied. Many people have to take various medicines before finding a good &quot;fit&quot;."
"Ok this is my first month and loving this Med already. More energy . I am in love with this med.  Energy levels are the most awesome change in my body. Now the labs are crazy good I pass from cd4 285 after a month 305
By the most incredible change is viral load I started at 290000 copies after a month 210 copies crazy. I hope to get undectetable pretty soon. No side effects yet and my doctor said it is very uncommon have side effect this far into the treatment, this is my first HIV medication I got diagnose back in April 2017 and I started med in June 2017 
:) happy I am 40, gym and eating &quot;healthy&quot; most of the time I drink occasionally"
"So I&#039;m very prone to yeast infections and UTIs so this is not new for me. I knew the signs and symptoms of my yeast infection: itching, a lot of discomfort, and thick creamy discharge. I waited it out a couple days because sometimes when they&#039;re mild they&#039;ll go away on their own, but I couldn&#039;t handle the discomfort. So luckily I had Monistat 1 at home so I popped it in and it&#039;s been almost 4 hours and I&#039;m feeling amazing. So I guess you&#039;re supposed to take this before bed? But I used it at 7:45 AM because I didn&#039;t want to be uncomfortable this whole day. I&#039;ve heard horrible stories about Monistat 1 and amazing ones as well, just depends on your body and how it reacts to the medicine. Not everyone feels results as quick as me! Dont panic!"
"me and my boyfriend have been on contracts for 1 week I am down 4 lbs him 6! We have noticed we don&#039;t even think about snacking anymore and we have to make ourselves eat something . He has had no side effects I was nauseated a couple times but it didn&#039;t last long! Can&#039;t wait to see what the results are after a month!"
"I would recommend this to anyone. I was put on Plaquenil  in April of 2012 for Lupus symptoms, constant pain( mostly in my legs) extreme fatigue and overall ill feeling. Within 2 months of taking Plaquenil the pain and fatigue had subsided, not completely but has greatly improved over the last year and half &amp;  my health and immune system has also improved and I went from being sick ALL the time to very rarely sick.  It has been a Godsend for me. I wouldn&#039;t advise taking the medicine on an empty stomach it will make you sick &amp; nauseous all day long."
"A strong pill for erection but with some side effects.

12.5mg works great (strong erection) 30 min-1h before and lasts for 3h-4h. Its easy to recover erection but can be lost sometimes.

Side effects (0h-4h):
- Stuffy nose

Side effects (4h-12h):
- Stomach discomfort, indigestion
- Sleepiness, trouble sleeping

Tried Levitra, not strong as Viagra but some side effects. 
I&#039;m now trying Avanafil (25mg) and by now no side effects (maybe because it PDE5 highly selectivity) but lasts only 2h."
"About to start my fourth pack and I love this birth control. I took birth control (Cyclessa and Yaz and some others I don&#039;t remember) in my early 20s and gained a bunch of weight and had a diminished sex drive. Once I stopped taking it I swore I never would again but my skin got really bad in the last few years so I finally, reluctantly, decided to try again. I have virtually no side effects from this pill. My mood hasn&#039;t changed, I haven&#039;t gained weight (although I went from a C cup to a D cup) and, for the first time in years, my skin is clear. I had spotting the first two months I took it but that&#039;s gone away and now my period is super light."
"I was on abilify for 18 months and packed on 80lbs and discontinued it, It made me feel very flat and very tired, my doctor said it was weight neutral but it definitely isn&#039;t. Seroquel also made me gain but am on respiridrone now and though I have gained a little it&#039;s not as bad as the others. Abilify didn&#039;t help my delusions at all and I felt quite depressed on it. I quit it cold turkey and lost 6stone in 7 months but then became ill again. My biggest weight gains were always after I had been out and had a few drinks! Glad to be off it and might look into trying latuda"
"I have been off and on antidepressants for years.  I finally got to the point with being on bupropion 150mg for over two years but my depression kept worsening.  My doctor finally changed my prescription to bupropion xl300mg and my life has drastically changed.  I have so much more energy now.  Before I just wanted to sleep all day.  Now, I am up and active all day and actually want to take better care of myself and my home/family.  It&#039;s been amazing -- add in my 24 pound weight loss so far in four months and I&#039;m finally looking forward to my future!  My major side effects that bother me are dry mouth and ringing in my ears.  I also notice that my PMS has worsened, but the positives definitely outweigh the negatives!"
"57 YOM. Taking Cialis/Tadalafil for 3 years &amp; it has changed my life, my wife&#039;s life &amp; our marriage for the better. My weak/sporadic erection issues started 4-5 years ago; felt like woody had a perpetual leak. Tried exercise, ginseng, nuts, avocados, oysters etc. with little success. Very frustrating for me &amp; my wife.Decided to see an MD when my wife could not get me hard with oral sex. MD gave me a quick physical/blood test, then he gave me 2 10mg and 30 5mg cialis samples.He told me to take the 10mg on my Friday night &amp; have fun. Wow, was he right! Having rock hard wood &amp; great sex (oral, front or back door) with my wife ever since. Take 2.5mg (breaking 5mg in half) every night before bed with no side effects except great sex!  Good luck!"
"OK - disclaimer before I start: I have a fairly regular bowel and rarely experience any stomach discomfort!! I did a lot of reading on the Internet so I felt that I was quite prepared for this experience.  I stopped eating solid foods 24 hours before the prep deadline and I only had soup on the morning of prep day.  I put the bottles of the mix into the fridge so when the time came, they were nicely chilled.  At 4pm the day before the procedure, I used cool water to prepare the first cup which I was able to drink (even though I dislike cherry flavor) quite easily.  The &quot;action&quot; started within 45 minutes and I did not experience any pain or nausea or discomfort. I was &quot;done&quot; by 8pm.  And it was the same the next morning."
"I started this medicine five days ago. I suffered from some pretty notable nausea the first two days, and occasionally I get a little lightheaded. Those symptoms have basically worn off, and this is completely tolerable considering I have lost 8 lbs (182 to 174 &amp; I&#039;m only 5&#039;3&quot;) in this short period. My appetite is barely there, and I&#039;m full very quickly when I start eating. It&#039;s one of those, &quot;OMG I can&#039;t eat another bite&quot; feelings which is so strange to me. I&#039;ve always been a member of the clean plate club!  My doctor was prepared to prescribe Victoza instead of Saxenda in the case that it wasn&#039;t covered by my plan, but they only required a prior authorization. I know the weight loss can&#039;t continue this quickly, but it&#039;s amazing so far!!!"
"I get my Implanon out in July. I have loved it the whole time except when I get spotting constantly. I didn&#039;t get my period for the first year after insertion then all of a sudden I got and it was nonstop. My fiance thought I was trying to get out of sex because I always had it when he tried. My acne is up and down. I&#039;ve gained some weight but not a lot. My other biggest complaint is that my sex drive is bad. I never want to now. Other than that I&#039;m very happy with it and will be getting it again. I&#039;ll probably take it out for a couple months to give my body a break and get back into its normal routine before getting it again."
"Psych prescribed Venlafaxine, Neulactil + Mirtazapine (have been on Mirtazapine for 2 years). So far taking Venlafaxine I am energetic, I am thinking clearly, feel more confident &amp; I am not emotional at all. I also noticed my appetite has reduced severely (I gained 16kgs on Mirtazapine). 5 days in I still have very minimal appetite, I am finding that I have a day where I am energetic and days where I am not. I often get a bit of euphoria but I am so far pleased with everything. I expect I will up the dosage eventually. Suicidal thoughts have been minimal but they&#039;re occur sporadically. I also have moments where I zone out but this may be because I am still getting used to the medication."
"I am so glad I didn&#039;t let all the bad reviews I read about this birth control scare me out of getting it. I completely LOVE it! I am 21 years old, no children, have never been on birth control before and have Factor IV (clotting disorder) so I cannot take any estrogen. Getting the implant inserted wasn&#039;t bad at all. I only felt the numbing shot and that was it. I have had it for 6 weeks and have had 2 very light periods. No change in sex drive or mood and no weight gain- yay. I was really worried about that one and my skin looks the same- still no acne. So glad I decided to go forward with getting this birth control."
"I have been dealing with Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis since 2003. A rare form of the disease that only affects 10% of the MS community. Many people know someone with MS, but very few with this form. To this day I have been repeatedly reminded by the medical society there are no known medications to treat this condition. Vicodin 10/660 has helped with the variety of MS pains and has also eased the mental stress and allowed me to think clearer. I have been allowed to try everything in stock but always come back here. I have not drank alcohol this entire time frame and use Miralax daily to avoid constipation. Hope this helps and God bless."
"I have been on Kariva for about five months. It is my first experience with the birth control pill as I am getting married on September and wanted to be regulated by the wedding. The first couple of months, I experienced mood swings, headaches and weird appetite.  However, my side effects have leveled out.  I no longer have any side effects.  In fact, it has cleared my acne up some. My periods have never been bad but they are now only about 1-2 days long.  I would say my cramps may be a little worse, but since the period is shorter it evens out.  I have not gained weight from this pill.  In fact, along with diet and exercise, I have been able to lose weight while taking this pill.  I would recommend Kariva."
"I have taken 2 10mg doses, great effects both times. Effects have lasted about 48 hours each time. No noted side effects at all."
"Saphris has helped me more than any other medication (which were many, many over 12 years). I was blown away by the benefit and bewildered that it took so long for someone to prescribe it. I still don&#039;t have the strength and energy that I need but I am functioning at 80% to 90%. Before it was barely hanging on with suicidal periods. Savella was another good medication for me but not quite this good. The racing thoughts, paranoia, and insomnia are gone. I usually fall asleep within 15 minutes of lying down. Although I am having some nights of waking up after 3 hours. Just getting to sleep earlier and getting the required sleep I need has made a tremendous difference in how I function and cope. My side effect has been arthritis and weight gain."
"I was in a horrific accident.Nothing has worked as well as soma without any effects on the other medicine I take. Why mess with something that works. I also have fibromyalgia which helps with . Also helps muscle spasms. My doctor will still prescribe but insurance won&#039;t pay for it. It is hard for me to pay each month but it gives me such relief I feel I have no choice but to buy it. I&#039;ve tried the ones they suggested they didn&#039;t work or clashed with my other meds.
Why is it it when a person like me that is in chronic pain finds a combination that works where we can live a more normal life,they want to mess with it. I wouldn&#039;t wish my pain, cramps, spasms on anyone but if they had to walk in our shoes one day maybe they&#039;d put more thought into what they will pay for"
"I started taking phentermine 37.5mg October 18, 2017 once a day. I initially weighed in at 211lb on the date I started taking the medication. As of today November 18, 2017 I have lost 20lbs. I am down to 190lbs!!! I have completely changed my eating habits to no red meats, fried foods, starches, and I try to keep my calorie count right at 1425 per day which was difficult at first but now its much easier. I don&#039;t drink soda of coffee anymore but I&#039;m super thirsty all the time. The first weekend I took the medication it made me very jittery and I suffered from insomnia and horrible headaches. After the first four days of being on the medication my symptoms improved and eventually went away. I would recommend starting this medication on a weekend."
"6 weeks into Belviq, and while I don&#039;t have the dreaded headache, I have not lost any weight at all, despite of dropping from 3 meals a day to 2, and giving up  soda (diet or regular).  I feel fine, sleep well, but weight exactly the same as I did before I started."
"I was prescribed this medication after having symptoms for 1-2 days. I am not a pill taker. I was in between insurance so I had to go see a minute clinic provider. I was told the drug was highly effective and asked if I wanted to try it. I knew cipro worked in the past, but the prescriber seemed avid that this med would take cake if my symptoms. To no avail, I&#039;ve had a horrible smell in my urine, a bout of leakage and now on day 4, my bladder and urinary tract burn &amp; literally feels sore and swollen. This medicine is complete crap! I would have been healed by now had I been given the medication I requested in the first place! Now I am out 200 bucks and feel horrible and wondering if I have to go this all over again in 2 days..."
"The most horrible drug I ever took.. Went to the bathroom nonstop, food allergies, difficulty swallowing, severe headache,  fatigue, muscle aches anxiety, ibs bloating, weight loss such a terrible expierenced.."
"Not sure why all of these negative experiences.  59 years old with osteoarthritis in both knees, bone on bone inside left.  Arthroscopic surgery two years ago to clean left helped with swelling and some pain.  Taking shots every six months in both knees for two years.  Definitely works.........  received my black belt in martial arts earlier this year and never would&#039;ve accomplished that without the shots."
"I want to write a review for the girls who are reading all the horror stories out there. Everyone is different and should try this because not having to worry about a pill or shot or Nuvaring is amazing. I got Nexplanon just under a month ago. I was terrified I was going to be miserable. I have had minimal side effects. No spotting, I haven&#039;t gained any weight, my hair is not falling out, and zero signs of depression. The only side effects I have experienced was nausea the first week (only for a short time midday) and I was moody for a short period (I also was on my period when it was inserted - so I cannot rule out that I was still PMSing). I switched from the pill and am happy with my results thus far!"
"I have tried other medications and nothing worked.  This medication started working very quickly.  I loved it was oral and not a shot. I was starting to drop me up and thought I would have to quit working. I was 35 yrs old with 2 young girls. I was not ready to give up"
"I&#039;ve been addicted to painkillers of all kinds since 1998 when I first hurt my back.  I would use up my prescription and then begin to steal them off of my husband who also took them. I then would buy them and spending an amazing amount on them it sickens me to think about how much.  I started Suboxone 3 days ago and feel amazing no withdrawal and no cravings. I would recommend to anyone with an opiate addiction."
"I havd suffered with pmdd for a long time. Almost got divorced over how emotional I would get once per month and hated how I acted. My children started noticing also my pied. I was not  myself at right before my period. Since I have been on Yaz for past 6 months I have not had my usual monthly freak out and am in a much better mood. No more emotional rollercoaster. Infer like myself and not worried when I am going to freak out again. Yaz Is a lifesaver."
"Ivermectin (soolantra) , in conjunction with daily minocycline, has completely cleared my rosacea. My skin is smooth for the first time in years. No bumps that hurt and look like acne, no redness looking like a diaper rash on my face. Thank goodness for this medication. I apply it once daily after facial cleansing then apply my moisturizer and cosmetics and no problems!"
"This drug is horrible. My side effects are: 
1. Anxiety
2. Depression 
3. Acne 
4. Weight gain 
5. Back pain 
6. Nausea
7. Easily angered and upset 
It serves it&#039;s purpose, but the side effects are unbearable."
"OMG drysol is perfect. I&#039;ve been dealing with sweat problems since 7th grade, it&#039;s so embarrassing to raise my arm. It&#039;s very discomforting when my armpits are wet but now with drysol I feel so much better I am so happy ... Only thing I&#039;m a little mad about though is WHY DIDNT I FIND THIS SOONER!! Lol ..it&#039;s perfect ."
"At 3 months post partum I started experiencing slight symptoms of PPD. I handled it and worked myself through it, thought I had it under control until I found myself uncontrollably crying, panic attacks, insomnia, excessive anger, lots of feelings of self worthlessness. My Dr first proscribed me Zoloft at 5 months post partum, for 3 weeks I had no luck. She then switched me to Effexor xr 37.5mg, as they say, the &quot;light bulb&quot; came back on after 2 weeks. I have had very bad anxiety since I was 14, I am now currently taking Effexor xr 75mg daily and am at 7 months post partum. Depression, the horrible self feelings I experienced were not anything I have ever felt with prior to this experience. Effexor changed my life!"
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 4 years and it&#039;s worked great for my depression. I take 50 mg per day."
"Have taken the lowest dosage for about a month, supplementing 2000mg Metformin and 8mg glimeperide daily. Occasional minor nausea and heartburn, no vomiting or diarrhea. Morning readings were 140s-200s, now typically 70s-90s, with one reading of 118. Readings 2 hours after breakfast are still usually higher than I would like, often above 220. Mostly pleased with results, will be consulting with my doctors soon."
"Shortly after beginning Diovan, I started coughing, and it just never stopped. Little by little, it increased to the point, that I just couldn&#039;t take it anymore. I still have a lingering cough, but not as bad as when I stopped. I am hoping it will stop completely with time. I wish I had known it was a common side affect before I started using it. Now I am afraid to take a different med for high blood pressure, until I research it thoroughly."
"I was on NuvaRing for 3 months. I have no complaints. The reason I went on it was because I have ovarian cysts. It actually helped the cysts. It was my first method of birth control (other than condoms). I had zero side effects besides sore breasts. "
"This is a very harsh drug%u2026 That I do not wish to ever take again%u2026 And I cautioned anyone that takes this drug ..  It made me dizzy%u2026 Very tired%u2026 I took for a whole month three times a week%u2026 My doctor says the symptoms should go away%u2026 But I still feel tired and do not have the energy that I did before I took it ..  I also have severe bloating and gas..  It has been weeks and the symptoms have not gone away%u2026 I&#039;m getting very worried that it cost me damage to my liver%u2026 Again I will say I do not think the drug  should be on the market%u2026 I regret ever taking it%u2026 Took it for scalp eczema%u2026 Because I am going to menopause%u2026 Believe me the scalp eczema is nothing compared to the side effects%u2026 Caution everyone to do not take this drug!"
"Hi all, here&#039;s my 5 cents worth. Healthy and fit male, 24, Australian. I was infected late February 2015 and diagnosed 11th March. CD4 count at 470 and Viral Load 410,000. Doctor recommended waiting for the DNA test to show if I had resistance before beginning ART. 
Almost 3 weeks later, tests came back and shown no major mutations so I began Stribild that day. I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects since. I take the pill between 7-9pm every night immediately after a good wholesome meal with ~500mL of water. At the end of the day, I commenced ART at week 6 of Acute HIV Infection. For many, most are not diagnosed this early. I happen to find out by fluke at week 2 of infection.
After 1 month my CD4 count was 570 and Viral Load 290. Cheers."
"I love this Pill. I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and it has helped with my irregular periods. I have not gained any weight, my acne cleared up within weeks."
"Excellent for migraines the best. Unlike all the other medicines. Again, doesn&#039;t make me sick like Relpax, effective unlike Imitrex. I just wish I could get it again."
"I&#039;m a 27 year old female and I&#039;ve benn taking Saxenda for two months now. At the beginning the weight loss was rapid, but there were severe side effects. Mainly nausea and constipation, but also dry mouth and tiredness. Now it&#039;s all gone though. You should know- it&#039;s not a wonder drug. True- I&#039;ve lost 24 lbs (11kg) in 2 months, but I really pay attention to what I eat and go to the gym 3 times a week. You still need to do the work. What Saxenda does: now your work will finally have results. Which makes it much easier to keep going. By the way I&#039;m only using the 1.8 because my doctor told me to try to avoid using 3 dosage until I really need it. When you reach the &quot;plateau phase&quot; and stop losing weight that&#039;s the time to increase the dosage"
"I&#039;m 23 about to be 24 , and I&#039;ve taken Xanax for going on 9 years.  For my panic attacks/anxiety mainly.  I absolutely love this medicine.   I find myself &quot;extra friendly&quot; sometimes, but better than being a grouch or hiding from my own shadow. I take anywhere from 1mg to 1 1/2mg per day."
"Works great. Clear mucus and nasal congestions, I can finally breath, and lasts about 10 hours.  Very effective"
"What a miracle drug.... 

I&#039;m a senior manager with a wide team management role. After a stressful period, I was suddendly not able to have speeches anymore even in fron of few people.

After very humiliating experiences I found this drug: 20mg 1 hour before and no trembling voice anymore, even in front of hundreds"
"This medication has forever changed my life, it has possibly saved my marriage and relationship with my kids. I am a person who suffers from anxiety and severe mood swings. Before Lexapro I would snap at anything, little things would trigger anxiety attacks and that would lead to depression. My first week on Lexapro was not to bad I had some nausea, felt jittery at times, restlessness at night, and yawning uncontrollably. But I noticed right away and so did my husband that I was more at ease, happier, and was able to blow things off that would of made me blow up before. The pros out weighed the bad for me. So far I have been enjoying life more, laughing with my kids more often and not focusing so much on the little things."
"Got my impant Nov 2014 having it taken out tomorrow.  The pro of having it not having to remember to take a daily pill. Cons in my experience weight gain and not beings able to lose it even with diet and exercise. Acne which I&#039;ve haven&#039;t experience since I was a teenager. Mood swings and depression. First three months I bleed after that my period last two weeks every month.  My period use to last 3 to 5 days. The insertion wasn&#039;t too bad with the exception of the needle. But having it removed I will have stitches put in and have a scar. But at this point I can&#039;t take it anymore I just want to out. I thought because I&#039;m healthy and fit I wouldn&#039;t have negative side affects, but my body didn&#039;t respond favorably."
"In 2012, I was in an accident. As a result, I have had 4 surg to my right wrist.  I then developed bi-lateral epicondylitis, trigger finger, and myofascial pain syndrome.  I have taken a variety of meds without relief.  I wasn&#039;t able to participate in life or carryout routine tasks.  My pain specialist prescribed Nucynta ER 50mg @ 1 tab twice a day (morning &amp; evening.  I was also prescribed Nucynta IR 50 mg @ 1-2 tabs up to 4 times per day.  The Nucynta ER lowers my pain throughout the day.  If I have housework, etc, I can take 1 to 2 Nucynta IR prior to starting the tasks.  This gives me the extra relief I need to complete the work.  If my pain spikes, I can also take the IR.  Nucynta has given me my life back."
"I have been using Generess Fe for about 10 months. The first few months I had breast tenderness but that went away. I may have had some weight gain. Maybe about 5 pounds, but they may be just from unhealthy eating also. I have not experienced any other bad side effects and no pregnancy. The first few months I had a normal period exactly when I should. It slowly starting decreasing in length and in heaviness. Now my period is barely spotting. Not even enough to wear a pad. It&#039;s easy to use since its chewable. Tastes like mint. So for people that have trouble swallowing pills this is great. It can be swallowed whole as well. I haven&#039;t used any other birth control before but this has worked really well for me."
"Last month I took a Plan B pill about 12 hours after my accident. And I got my period a week early. I did have bad cramps, but the flow was normal. This month my period is about 8 days late. I have really tender breasts, and I get cramps on and off all day. If I am pregnant it&#039;s not because Plan B failed. I read other forums and people were saying that their second period after Plan B was either later or didn&#039;t come."
"I also take Seretide but medications used to control my asthma kept increasing until I was put on Atrovent. Beware, one day I woke with one large pupil, got sent to the Dr&#039;s then the hospital, thought I had a brain tumor, turned out I must have caught a bit of this in my eye."
"There are a lot of nausea experiences out there with Latuda. I am trying to post my findings everywhere.  I have run a controlled experiment over the course of 4 months to see what I could do about the nausea.  Ever read the entire black label sheet that comes with the this?  I have.  It&#039;s incredibly intense.  One thing to keep in mind is what sorts of foods and drinks (and herbs) interact with the CYP3A4 enzyme that processes the medicine.  If you are eating things that do, you could be in for the spins or insomnia or worse.  Another thing is that you must eat 350 calories with Latuda.  Take the dose no earlier than 30 minutes after you eat, and you will feel much better for it.  "
"Started Tasigna on Thursday morning.  I&#039;m diabetic and became severely hypoglycemic on Saturday.  Stopped taking diabetes meds, and that improved, but I had a stomach ache and nausea so bad I was dry heaving for 3 solid days, because I couldn&#039;t eat.  Went 3 days without sleep because I was curled up around the toilet.  I stopped taking it on Monday evening.  My reaction to this drug felt like what I invision chemo to be.  I go back to my doctor tomorrow to come up with an alternative treatment plan.  I&#039;m now scared to start another med, for fear of similar reactions, and I don&#039;t want to imagine this sick the rest of my life.   Very happy and envious of all the success stories."
"Hope this helps others! It has been said a hundred times before so I will say it again. MAKE SURE YOU DRINK ENOUGH WATER WHEN TAKING THIS MEDICATION! I made a bad mistake by not drinking enough water with my dose. I got no sleep from the side effect of heart burn and the accompanying chest pains. So much so that I was afraid of taking my next dose. I didn&#039;t want to go thru that again! I did talk myself into taking the next 600mg because the drug works that well. I want this infection out of me once and for all! I hope these meds work for you as they have for me. 1/2 way there. Won&#039;t be long now!"
"After being on Ortho TriCyclen Lo for 10 months, I found that I had zero sex drive. As a newlywed, this was an obvious problem. I had no issues with libido prior to taking the pill, so I was devastated to find my new sex life lacking. Recommended by a friend, Nuvaring sounded like a good option. After talking with my doctor and learning that all forms of birth control affect women differently, I wondered if this one would be any different or if I should expect the same results. After only using Nuvaring for a week, I see a HUGE difference in my sex drive. My body seems to be more in tune with my natural impulses, and I am very pleased. Of course, every female body is different, but I think I may have found the right option!"
"Ativan is the best drug ever prescribed to me. I take 2 mg twice a day. It calms me during the day and at night I sleep like a baby. There are no side effects when you wake as well."
"I have been using this medicine for 2 weeks so far for pre-Diabetes.  My insurance approved me for one year and I only have to pay $25 co-pay per month.   So far, I have lost 10 pounds - 5 pounds a week and literally eat less than half of what I used to eat.  I read all the reviews on here and followed tips from other users such as taking the medicine out of the fridge the day before I use it, rubbing the area after I do the injection and icing immediately after - no knots so far. Also, I take a prescription anti-nausea pill at night 30 min before I do the injection at bed time.  Wake up thirsty but no more nausea.  This medicine is a great alternative to weight-loss surgery.  I am convinced the people who are getting sick may be overeating"
"I currently take Zonegran --I love love love it!!!---

Prior to this I took Depakote--for me this drug sucked-- I was lethargic, my hair fell out in clumps I went from weighing 225lbs to 389lbs  and I developed Sleep apnea.  I was taking 500 mg of Depakote four times per day---2000mg of this stuff-- I had several seizures in my sleep one where I fractured my ankle on the bed frame. The weight was the worst I could not control it. I wish I could submit a picture of myself while being on this stuff. After I got off this drug I lost 160lbs. My dad saw the b4 pic and didn&#039;t know who I was. Maybe this works for some, but not for me I would never take this again!!!"
"My experience began when I was a child. I had very strange headaches, eventually diagnosed as &quot;ice pick migraines&quot; They had all the symptoms of the normal migraine you hear about, except, they were so painful, my feet would draw up, my eyes would roll back, and I went almost stiff from the pain....nothing helped. When I hit my thirties, I started having issues with my spine, my pancreas, and my kidneys. Percocet is the only therapy out there that keeps me from wanting to die. My blood is thinner, and I have issues as stated, with my pancreas and stomach, so I cannot take OTC drugs, they make me sick. Very sick. But, of course, no one believes that until they see what happens to me. Its kind of a living hell. I say if we can help, help."
"February 2013  I woke up 6 days later in ICU and the nurse pulling a long tube out of my mouth (incubated).  I lost 6 days of my life due to respiratory failure from an acute asthma attack.  So here I am 3 years later have been on Xolair which has changed my world completely.  I have not used my neubulizer machine and occasionally use my inhaler but I travel weekly for work.  I am a 57 years of age, female and love animals and the outdoors. As far as side effects there are muscle pains but I would rather know that I can breathe and not be on steroids and other maintenance meds. My husbands peace of mind he makes sure that I do not miss injections. Make sure you check out all financial options for Xolair assistance."
"I am a healthy, 15 year old girl that decided to start taking Loestrin 24 as a birth control. I&#039;ve been on it for 4 months. My periods are only for the 4 days that I am off the pill, and I spot irregularly in between periods, but not very often. This pill has made me cry much more easily, but I have not become depressed. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant either, so it works. This pill is very effective and doesn&#039;t have many side effects, recommended."
"This is truly the worst type of birth control. I have been on it for a year and a half and I have been to blind to notice the severity of the change in my behavior. I am angry, irritated, moody, depressed, and I have absolutely no sex drive. I feel as though I have only few emotions left in me, those being anger and other negative feelings. I started at the age of 16 and did not necessarily understand side effects of this pill. I am extremely irritated and angry and I am constantly in arguments with my boyfriend. I never used to be this way and it bothers me that I have been to blind to see the effects it has taken on me. I am currently still on this pill, but I am going to talk to my OBGYN to see how quickly I can switch to anything else."
"At first I was skeptical of taking this only for the fact it was too good to be true. I&#039;ve noticed a few things I&#039;m not particular fond of with this medicine,but am happy to not be searching for opiates everyday."
"I&#039;ve had moderate plaque psoriasis for 20 years and have done every topical steroid under the sun, which usually worked about 25-50% in the short term but then lost effectiveness.  UV light was about 50% effective but did nothing for my scalp, which is always bad and very itchy.  I resisted Humira for nearly 2 yrs  because of fear of side effects and greater risk of infection.  I have had three shots now and am probably 85% clear.  You can see slightly discolored areas of skin but there are no more plaques.  I noticed some improvement honestly within 3 days of my first double shot.  I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects yet and hope my luck holds and I hope I can continue to afford it, because the cost after 2 months is going up."
"I&#039;ve had chronic pancreatitis for about 7 years. I&#039;ve struggled with nausea and vomiting for so long. Reglan, Scopolamine, Phenargan, Zofran I&#039;ve been on all of them. Yes they worked at first but Marinol is best for me. For the first time in years I&#039;m not sick! I don&#039;t have appetite like some do, it does make me giddy for an hour or 2 but I&#039;m finally not sick at my stomach!"
"After years of knowing something was wrong, I went to the doctor and he prescribed Cymbalta. I have been on it for 6 months.  I love it!  I will be married a year in October and my husband and I were already talking divorce until I started Cymbalta.  I did have VERY violent and &#039;goury&#039; dreams when I took it right before bed.  Now I take it in the morning, my dreams are back to normal.  I am currently taking 60mg, but am going to request to take a lower dosage as I am now starting to experience headaches and nausea.  I feel like I am finally the person I always knew I was and not the bitter, angry, weepy person other people saw."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon for just over a year now, and it&#039;s been very effective in preventing pregnancy. I originally went on it because I kept forgetting to take the pill and was always paranoid. I get spotting often and light but frequent periods, which is annoying. Also, my skin isn&#039;t good these days and I believe that it&#039;s due to the Implanon. I did not gain weight, actually lost 5kgs, however I&#039;ve been eating well and exercising. I can&#039;t imagine weight gain occurring if a person is active and eating well. No change in moods - I was already irritable prior. Think I&#039;m going to have this taken out to balance my hormones."
"Good , does it induce weight gain"
"I&#039;ve been on this birthcontrol for 3 weeks and I feel sick all the time and nausea after I eat. I have had spotting for 2 weeks nonstop and I have not felt like myself since taking this. I also was very bloated the second week after taking Estarylla. I&#039;ve been very anxious and feel fatigued and have no appetite at all. Do not take this birth control I&#039;m not sure how good it works with preventing pregnancy but it&#039;s definitely not worth all the side effects that come with it."
"So far I&#039;ve been loving the way this med has effected my depression and anxiety! It&#039;s helping me function normally. Things have gotten a lot better since taking rexulti and I highly recommend it to anyone struggling with MDD. I can only hope it continues to work for me! I&#039;ve had some minor side effects, but nothing terrible."
"Have been on Pradaxa for 7 months, like it a lot better then Coumadin.  Taking it because of going into atrial fibrillation after lung surgery 2 years ago. I was put on Coumadin and told not to eat leafy greens. When you have had lung cancer you&#039;re supposed to eat leafy greens.  They couldn&#039;t control the highs and lows I had with Coumadin.  My only side effect is a burning feeling in my left knee to my foot but not sure it is related and am having tests done next month for circulation."
"I took Concerta when I was in high school for 2 years. I am a very lively person; however, after the first year I literally lost all my social abilities. I had no desire to speak to anybody or go out and have fun I became IMMENSELY depressed almost even suicidal. Additionally, I became so anorexic that I almost got hospitalized for low hemoglobin. "
"I quit abusing medicines and drinking 2 1/2 years ago, but never thought I would quit smoking. I started taking Chantix January 17, and have been cigarette free since January 24! The freedom from not smoking feels amazing! I&#039;ve had some crazy dreams, but I have weird dreams anyway. Thank you Chantix for helping me kick the habit!"
"I developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome-C and chronic constipation after a C-section. I now take Amitiza 24mcg 2x per day. I&#039;ve been on it for about 10 months.  It works fantastic. I can &quot;go&quot; at least once a day now.  Amitiza draws fluid from your body to increase bowel movement (I can actually hear it working) so it is important to drink a lot of water and eat before or immediately after. I&#039;ve noticed that if I don&#039;t drink a lot of water, nausea will develop. In addition, IBS-C has caused me to change my diet and exercise. That helped a lot too. NOTE-- If the prescription costs a lot, even with insurance, Amitiza offers a discount card online."
"The doctor used propofol for a colonoscopy.  I was out very quickly and recovered without any recollect of the procedure or a &quot;hangover&#039;.  I would  certainly recommend this for this type of procedure.  Overall the procedure was very uneventful and pleasant."
"I was on Yaz for a couple yrs, then my gyn suggested I begin taking Gianvi which is generic for Yaz.  It was cheaper &amp; figured I would try it.  Big mistake.  I noticed I started to have horrible mood swings..I would be laughing one minute then angry or uspet/crying the next..for the smallest reasons.  I am also hungry all the time!  I&#039;ve gained 5 lbs, no big deal..I honestly don&#039;t know how I haven&#039;t gained more.. I crave food even if I&#039;ve just ate.  I also noticed my vision is blurry.  I was wondering if my contacts were just dirty &amp; needed changed...but I still notice it. My sex drive has also decreased a lot which was never the case on Yaz.  My boyfriend &amp; I have decided going back to Yaz is probably the best decision! For both our sakes!"
"I was on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for three months prior to this, I switched because I was getting my period every two weeks. So I switched and I&#039;m so glad I did. Period is completely regulated out again like it was before I started birth control. No weight gain (actually weight loss), no mood swings, no change in libido. Worst parts of this were feeling nauseous for the first three days I was on it (nausea went away after), one pimple, and cramps the first day of my period. Overall, the pros outweigh the cons by miles, so I would recommend this to anyone!"
"Have had clusters for 45 years, remember the first one. Ergotamine inhaler worked almost instantaneously but gave me a nasty depression. I take prednisone 2(10mg) at breakfast , 1(10mg) at dinner. Tried taking less and headaches come back with a vengeance! They mess with my digestive tract some , and sharp increase in appetite, and an increase in sexual desire. It is not supposed to do that. I will stay on this medication till the cluster cycle ends"
"On June 6th 2015 I took plan B 4 HOURS after unprotected sex....on June 19th my blood work came back positive for pregnancy...I contacted plan B and now there sending me all these letters to contact them for more questions.....Plan B failed me....even after 4 hours it didn&#039;t work...I&#039;m looking into any other women this has happening to....I think packaging needs to be changed"
"I tried Chantix for a period of 2 months.  My cravings for a cigarette eased until I cut down to about 3 per day.  The nausea lasted for about 20 minutes after each dose and got better over time.  The vivid dreams, constipation, and gas got worse. I understand this medication is not going to work the same for everyone. I believe there is a short window of opportunity when you either quit or you don&#039;t. When I was down to 3 per day, I probably should have quit.  This medicine began to make me agitated, anxious and very hard to get along with, to say the least. I still smoke unfortunately. "
"I was diagnosed with Sleep Apnea, for that I got a CPAP. But I also had trouble with zombie episodes and uncontrollable sleepiness  (at work, while driving, very scary). I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy several years ago (not formally tested though). I have all the symptoms (night terrors, sleep paralysis.), but I have not been tested for it. Anyway, my Sleep Doctor put me on it primarily because of several driving issues. It seems to work well, I have not dozed off or had a zombie episode since I have been on it. I still feel tired, and I can sleep if I want to, so I feel a little more in control. I also don&#039;t feel like a speed freak, like Adderal.  I am on 200 mg in the morning for the past 2 weeks. So far I am pleased with it."
"I&#039;ve had Hep c for 42 years, Unknown to me.
Had an occular migraine and ended up in hospital to find I had low platelets. Which led to hep c diagnosis
First month sick as can be nausea, headache, fatigue  and insomnia. But after 4 weeeks no hep c detected!
I&#039;m almost done my second month and symptoms wax and wane-mostly nausea and fatigue.
Hoping that after the next month my results are still perfect and that I am cured.

"
"I just started taking Linzess 145 mg. My doctor gave me samples to try. The first few days I didn&#039;t notice anything, by the third day I finally cleared out my intestines, which was after almost a month of not having a real bowel motion.  I actually stopped taking the medication for a few days because I was concerned I wouldn&#039;t be able to go anywhere, then started again today.  In about 30-45 minutes I was in the bathroom.  I&#039;m not sure if I have to take it everyday or if I can skip a few days in between.  I will ask my doctor.  So far so good.  Anything that helps me go is a miracle.  I&#039;m happy with once every several days especially because I am used to going every couple of weeks."
"I started 100mg in November 2014 and my fasting glucose dropped from 140 to 113, (though it often drops within normal range) A1C only dropped from 7.8 to 7.3, I dropped 17 pounds without exercising and my appetite has diminished a great deal. My Dr. increased me to 300mg in hopes of getting my A1C in normal rage. Also my Dr. gave me a discount card that covers 100% of cost for the first year; you can get that discount by signing up on Invokana.com as well. "
"This medicine has changed my life. I went a solid 10+ years living in pain and with constant diarrhea. My life revolved around going to the bathroom. I started taking nortryptaline and after a few days the pain subsided. Then, after a few months and increasing to a max dose of 40mg I now have NORMAL bowel movements. This medicine is a miracle. It also prevents my migraines which were occurring up to several times a month. I only experienced side effects of dry mouth, fatigue, and brain fog for the first couple months. I now have no negative effects. Thank you Nortryptaline for giving me a normal life."
"Great medicine for anxiety."
"I am a user of the birth control shot and I honestly love the fact that I do not have to worry about taking the pill. I just go to the doc every three months to renew my shot. But the only thing I hate is the bleeding for long periods. I have been on theshot for almost a year and a half. I remember the first three months, I experienced excruciating pain one day in my stomach, it felt so bad. I was in class and I had to run to the bathroom. When I was sitting on the toilet, this HUGE blood clot came out. It was almost the size of a tennis ball. Afterwards, my cramping stopped."
"Tri sprintec makes me sick every single day, like throwing up constantly unless I eat a lot. That is the downside. Upside: It cleared my acne like in 2 days and helped me lose weight, overall a good medicine for acne, maybe not for a birth control?"
"For the first 5 days I was excessively happy, I felt like I had finally found a medicine that was really going to work for me though the cost was a concern, my Dr was helping out with samples to see how it affected me as I am also ADHD, have an anxiety disorder, PTSD and other medical issues. On day 6 my face started tingling. Then I noticed that things didn&#039;t taste right like coffee no longer had flavor, soda tasted funny and so on. Later that day I was trying to talk to my dad and I kept losing words, my speech was very impaired and I felt so itchy all over like fire ants were biting me. I called my Dr who told me to stop it immediately. I stopped and my depression has worsened, my anxiety is worse and my speech is still impaired."
"DAY 8 - sore throat and minor headache. Had quit day planned for day 8 but had some craving and smoked 3 cigarettes. Still very proud of myself and have pushed quit day back a couple of days... still hopeful."
"I took Plan B like 2 years ago and about a week after taking the pill I got my period. I have to emphasis that I took the pill within 3 hours of having unprotected sex. However in October 2013 we had unprotected sex and waited 48 hrs to take the pill.  I never got my period and I ended up getting pregnant even though I took the pill.  Like I said this pill works but the sooner you take the more likely it will work."
"To all stressed out girls reading this: I was you until today. I had sex with my bf two weeks ago but he pulled out. I freaked out a day after, after doing some web research. We got levonorgestrel (we don&#039;t have Plan B here) 30 hours later. During these excruciating two weeks, I convinced myself I was pregnant because I did the one thing we all know we shouldn&#039;t do but we do anyways: web research. I invented pregnancy symptoms or really noticed those of PMS I had never ever paid attention to before, and it was horrible. I cried every night, I prayed every second. My period was late, and though I knew it might&#039;ve been a side effect, I was beginning to lose hope (the step after you panic). BUT IT WORKED. I got what should be my period today!!"
"I&#039;ve taken Levora, since I was 18, and am now 30. Not once have I noticed any issues except for a slight decrease in my sex drive. No weight gain, no cramps, very little mood swings(but that can be said for all, including men) my period lasts about three days and they are extremely light- to the point it can go unnoticed. I&#039;ve also had unprotected sex for 11 years with the same man, and not once have I been pregnant, or even a close call. My period arrives at exactly the same time every month like clock work. It makes me feel like a normal human being. I might  have one day prior to staring my period, in which I feel a little funky; but it sure beats the alternative! I&#039;d never switch, and if you&#039;re unsatisfied, try it!"
"I had unprotected sex three days before ovulation, and took this within four hours after having sex. After reading some of the reviews, I was a little wary of how well it would work. I ended up experiencing my normal ovulation symptoms as well, which made me even more worried as this pill is supposed to prevent ovulation. I didn&#039;t experience any side effects (no headaches, nausea, etc), but I did have some cramping that began about four days after I took it, and continued off and on for about a week. My period ended up coming today, which is three days before I expected it. Give it time and try not to worry!"
"Took pill for full year. Breasts were sore everyday, gained 20 pounds, cried over everything, nothing good happened except I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"Use it and love the results"
"Before this medicine I always felt tired , irrated by little things,and sometime felt emotionless because of how tired I was I went to my neurologist was diagnosed with ideopathic hypersomnia which means when I sleep I guess I don&#039;t really sleep. All I know is I have a New perspective on life knowing there was something wrong with me and now this medicine controls it and makes me feel so much more awake and be just like anyone else that does not have this disorder I learned the hard way one day what will happen if I stop taking it. I will go back to my old depressed tired self"
"I am a chronic sinusitis sufferer and normally I let it play out and my body will usually fight it off but every now and then I have to get antibiotics, usually once a year and twice on rare occasions. It usually takes anywhere from 5-7 Days before I get any relief well this time I went in because my tongue seemed cut and burning and throat was a little sore but I wasn&#039;t suffering from the normal sinus pressure and headaches but was told infection had spread to my ears and throat and was put on cefuroxime 500mg twice daily and though my tongue is still sore it seems to be healing ok and my throat and ears are no longer sore ears are plugged a bit though. I breathe better through my nose. I have not experienced the taste as my pills are coated."
"I quit smoking with chantix ! If it wasn&#039;t for chantix I never would of been able to quit !! I loved smoking and and did it for 35 years ! I knew it was time to quit but I also knew I needed help then I heard about chantix ! Started taking it and set my quit day and I did it I didn&#039;t have bad cravings and it wasn&#039;t hard at all I couldn&#039;t believe it ! To my amazement I really can&#039;t say enough about chantix its great. It&#039;s now been over a year now and I am now a nonsmoker yay to chantix"
"Within 20 minutes of taking this medication one side of my body became numb, I got really confused, and felt like I could not talk and then I lost consciousness briefly. It was the closest thing I can imagine to a stroke, and the after effects from this very scary experience lasted for days. I was told to discontinue immediately."
"I was suffering from depression and anxiety for as long as I could remember, but never sought treatment. My family has always been against relying on any sort of psychiatric drugs and believe in willpower as a medicine. Eventually, my condition got so bad, that I knew I had to do something about it. Zoloft saved my life! I feel like myself again and my rationality and naturally positive outlook have returned to me. Plus I haven&#039;t gained a pound! The only really negative side effect is reduced sex drive. This can also be due to hormonal birth control. I have also had very vivid dreams since going on Zoloft (50mg). That, I&#039;m not complaining about. Amazing medication!"
"I was admitted to hospital in march 2011, my viral load was 1,730,000.00 (yep million) and CD4 count 30. I also had cryptococcal and was in a bad state. My Doctor prescribed Atripla after cryptococcal was bought under control, within 2 months, dropping my viral load to 300 and upping my CD4 to 135, I was feeling better than ever, with more energy."
"I agree, the best medical weight loss pill out on the market. What made me feel safe was knowing its been around, FDA approved for 60 years. I&#039;ve been on phentermine for a month and a half now and already reached my goal of 135. I lost a total of 20 pounds! I recommend to anyone wanting to lose weight fast."
"DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT!!! It made me breakout like never before. I had barely any acne before i began this product, but wanted to get rid of my occasional pimple for good. My dermatologist prescribed me this and i used it for a little over a week. My face has never been so dry, irritated, and worst of all, covered in acne. I had a huge breakout on my chin and yes this may just be the initital purge, but it ruins your skin and it is hard to recover from this. I was so depressed during this week and actually felt like a worthless human being because my face looked so bad. Dont trust these harsh skin products!!!"
"I am using trypiyizole  10 mg for around 12 years to treat fibromylagia and I feel very happy 
With the improvement .I can say that it is a miracle drug ,also it did not cause any side effects
Though it is an old generation drug but it is much effective ."
"I&#039;ve taken Veramyst for 11 days. My cavity fluid was &quot;moderate.&quot; In one week the fluid was reduced to &quot;small.&quot; A moderate amount of fluid is very uncomfortable to me, with shortness of breath and sinking oxygen level. Blood oxygen went from 91% to 96% in that first week of using Veramyst. It&#039;s now at 98%. A huge difference to me in how I feel with the moderate amount of fluid to the small amount. No side effects noted."
"I have  been diagnosed with ADD . I have always pushed myself to get good grades and to take as many AP and honors classes as I can handle. I enjoy learning about new things; however, my lack of focus got in the way of my learning. It bothers me when people say ADD/ADHD is made up. I know that people who don&#039;t have this disorder can&#039;t truly understand what it&#039;s like. Without adderall my mind is foggy and I can&#039;t take the fog away to learn about the things that I love. All my friends know that I have a strong passion for physics and astronomy, but it&#039;s very hard for me to pick up a book without forgetting most of what I read after I finished it. On adderall I feel like the fog fades always and my mind is like a clear sunny day. Oh how I wish that I didn&#039;t have to take this every day and just naturally be as focused. I am just an 18 year old who is trying to pursue her dreams, but without this medication I&#039;m not sure how I can get through college to learn what I love. I can now look through my telescope at the stars without the clouds getting in the way."
"Seroquel is like the silver bullet. It not only relieved me of my anxiety, it also makes me feel positive, serene and generally in a good mood! I am on 125 mg at night. I was on 100mg but went off to try Risperidone ( to try to help with the weight gain). Risperidone was not nearly as effective for me as Seroquel so I went back on but 100 mg wasn&#039;t enough so I upped it to 125mg and I am back to feeling great!

I have had weight gain but I feel so much better being on Serequel. My doctor recommended I cut out carbs and sugar. When I did cut out carbs and sugar I did loose weight but it is difficult for me to stick with."
"This drug has cause way to many side effects on my 12 year old grandchild. Has cause her body to over develop very fast."
"Wasn&#039;t that bad. It&#039;s my first time getting a colonoscopy at 20 years old and I was both pleasantly surprised and horribly disappointed. The taste is bad but not terrible - definitely like salty grape or cherry cough syrup. I had a harder time getting down the water after the actual medicine because it made me so nauseous. I had really terrible shakes and chills but it passed within the first hour, along with the cramping and the nausea. I would stay on the toilet if I were you and definitely keep wet wipes handy. After the initial symptoms it was really easy to deal with, I would recommend it."
"This drug is a god send I suffered from bipolar since I was 17 im now 21 I have mixed episode that last for 6 month or more. I tried evey single medicine and I mean every thing antidepressant make me worse I have panic attack, fears ,alot of tears, a lot of depression, obsessive songs in my head lol and nothing seems to work like this one. I left all other drugs (not cold turkey ) , and started it and within 2 weeks I got normal - no panic, no depression and of course no hypomanic no side effect at all , this drug saved I&#039;m more stable focused try it if you are bipolar 2 its a game changer"
"This was the only drug that ever cleared up the horrible acne problem I had with minimal side effects which included dry sinuses (bleeding from nose), VERY dry lips, easily sunburned, and some other minor irritation but that was all worth it for clearing up the horrible acne I had and changing my life forever as it did!"
"I find that the medication works very well and have had little side effects until I was out in the sun for an extended period of time and fainted.  Have never fainted before and attributed it to dehydration.  Drink lots of water!"
"Albuterol tablet has serious side effects. I have been trembling, extremely tired, muscle weakness, unsettled and completely abnormal feeling for 24 hours. I had to take off work today due to Side Effects Not my initial ailment! Please be careful prescribing this Docs."
"Dude... OK... I&#039;ve only been taking this a few days and my Dr is starting me on a low dose of 150mg... But I just needed to say something about how I feel.
I struggle with depression and ADD... I struggle with impulsive masochistic behavior when going through a tough time... Like binge eating etc.
Today....... I felt calm. Pleasantly neutral happy and calm... A little foggy headed, tired and quiet and *tiny* headache... But it was amazing to not feel the intense emotions. I had some coffee and then I really got some housework done for the first time in weeks.
I hope that this helps me lose weight... Not just by curbing appetite but because I&#039;ll be less prone to the emotions that drive me to binge. I&#039;m HOPEFUL. We&#039;ll see how it goes!"
"I had been in and out of the hospital for many years, tried all classes of anti depressants and even several in different classes, BICYCLICS, TRICYCLICS, then most of the SSRI&#039;s.  After continuing to get worse, my doctor and I decided to try ECT (shock treatment). I received 13 treatments (and no, it was nothing like One Flew Over The Cookoo&#039;s Nest lol) but it also didn&#039;t help at all.  Thirty years burning down the road,  nowhere to run, got nowhere to go... he, as a last ditch effort, tried Nardil and to almost sound trite, I pulled a full 180 degree turn around. 
There were a few side-effects, some weight gain and a lessor libido and difficulty to orgasm,  though if you knew me now, you&#039;d know NONE of these side effects exist any longer!"
"I been on this BC pill for 4 months going on 5 months now. I have mix feelings about it. It&#039;s my first birth control pill and I didn&#039;t know what to expect but I read up on the side effects; so far I have experience mood swings, anxiety (which I was already having issues with) the pill made it worst when I do have episodes of it, weight gain (because I seem to crave sweets more often) and lack of sex drive. I also bleed ALOT my first two months into the pill like every two weeks and it lasted 5-7 days and was very heavy, but these last two months no period at all plus I haven&#039;t been that sexually active. I take the pill everyday at the same time. &amp; I workout daily. No serious breakouts from it but my breast have gotten bigger!! Which I love!"
"Made me really psychotic."
"So I have been taking Loestrin for about 1 1/2 years, everything is great except the price. I used to pay $24 a month then when I lost my insurance it went up to $98. Before Loestrin I was on YAZ, it made me feel nauseous, breast pain, and no sex drive. I switched to Loestrin and everything is amazing, but since I am a college student with rent I can not afford it."
"This always does the trick for my ear infections. I have ear tubes and Ciprodex is far more effective than anything taken orally. I don&#039;t get side effects."
"I was prescribed the 2000mg one time doseage. Yes the pills have a horrible taste but I&#039;d rather taste that than have the symptoms of trich! I&#039;ve taken the same meds for BV before and usually end up pretty tired after about 2 hours or so. I took this about 12 hours after a night of heavy drinking. Have felt a little nauseous and had loose stools and a little head ache. But it&#039;s been 3 hours since I&#039;ve taken it and the odor is weaker and the discharge has dramatically decreased! Bye bye trich and bye bye cheating boyfriend that gave it to me!"
"Tylenol does nothing for my sciatica. The pain is there all the time."
"I was very worried to take this medicine after reading some of the reviews. I thought I would rather let the flu run its course instead of taking the medicine and risk getting sick to my stomach. I made sure to take the meds after eating a snack on the larger side/a meal and did not have a problem. My stomach felt a little upset about 2 hours after taking it, but not for very long. Within 10 hours of taking the first pill I could already see results. My 102 degree fever had went away and I was able to function again. That night I was sweating quite a bit, but I believe it was my fever breaking. I was a little tired the next day, I&#039;m guessing from being worn down from the flu, but had no fever. It is definitely worth taking, but with food."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from extreme edema since 2009. I&#039;ve been on a different diuretics since then and have used in a combination Lasix &amp;  potassium and it has to help regulate the fluid retention. without the Dyrenium, my potassium levels drop to almost lethal level. Obviously this is an improvement! Side effects are not overtly noticeable due to the use of them with Lasix: Usual dry mouth, cramping of back &amp; legs, weakness.  I would rate it higher but it is very expensive."
"severe withdrawal from this drug after 8 weeks is cause enough to ban it from the market.  I have been going through detox with hot flashes, sleeplessness, throwing up and, stomach pain for the last week. My primary NEVER informed me of these possibilities. Is there a class action against them? It is time to ban it and stop Teva from manufacturing"
"Zoloft did NOTHING for me....would not recommend it."
"Stayed up all night "
"I&#039;m taking this for Bipolar 2 with major depressive disorder that has been treatment resistant for over 5 years.  Rexulti is the first drug that has ever worked for me.  I have tried virtually everything previously with things making me a zombie, worse than I was or simply nothing at all.  Rexulti has been a miracle drug for me.  It does give me insomnia so I&#039;m going to try to switch to taking it in the morning to see if that helps.  I am on a 2 mg dose."
"Incredible results. Blood pressure was 177/85. After my second pill, It fell to 144/65. That was a month ago. Today it was 141/65. I am taking 25mg."
"I was prescribed this cream by my doctor and its brilliant! I&#039;ve seen a lot of comments saying that it burns and it made peoples faces itchy but not everyone has the same skin. Our skin will react in different ways. But I have to say after the 1st time of using it the blackheads on my nose got smaller. I would highly recommend this cream. However it does leave my skin a bit dry and flaky but on the instruction sheet it says you can use a perfume free moisturiser or stop using it for a couple of days."
"I am a 54 year old male just diagnosed.  I have been a successful overachiever all my life.  This drug has allowed me to stay on task and be much more focused.  I no longer feel the need to do 10 things at once and get nothing done.  I now have the benefit of good focus and concentration and don&#039;t feel I have lost any of the drive that has made me successful in the past.  No side effects.  Don&#039;t take it too late in the day though."
"I just finished my first pack and haven&#039;t had many side effects. I was very worried about nausea but if you take it with food you won&#039;t have any problems. I have experienced breast tenderness, bloating, water retention (this is where the weight gain comes from), and a little bit of lack of sex drive. I do like it because it has cleared up some of my acne and I believe that I just got my &quot;period&quot; this week which was very light spotting. My insurance covers it also so it&#039;s free for me. I&#039;m pretty happy with it so far and I&#039;m glad its reacting fairly well with my body. Good luck!"
"Get a script of 10 levofloxacin 750 mg every time i get a really bad sinus infection ( sinusitis). Start feeling better within 24 hours. Works great."
"So I had times where I&#039;d black out and have amnesia. Basically it would scare my parents and after the second time it happened they took me to the doctor. We went through all the test and they all came back normal except for my EEG. it came back abnormal. I was immediately put on keppra and hated every second of it. I started off with 500mg 2x a day. After the first dose I was hallucinating and very confused. The four hour mark was the worst. I was super loopy and couldn&#039;t focus for nothing. the medicine caused me to have mood swings and go into a deep depression. My advice if you have any sort of mental illness DON&#039;T TAKE IT.  I&#039;ve struggled with Bulimia, Anxiety, Depression, and Bipolar disorder for years. Seizures stopped. Wasn&#039;t worth it"
"I have suffered with urinary tract infections for many years, and recently was given Urogesic blue, because I heard it worked better, but this works the best for frequency and burning, because it numbs your bladder. I haven&#039;t felt normal in a month, but with this medicine it is the most normal I have found in quite a while. I highly recommend it."
"Zoloft has changed my life. I used to feel like I wanted to stop living. I had anxiety with racing thoughts, feeling short of breath, social anxiety, and obsessive bad thoughts. I no longer feel suicidal and my irritability has gotten 100% better. I still get short of breath sometimes and worry about things but overall just feel so much more even keeled. I waited a month before taking it after getting the prescription because I didn&#039;t want to take meds and felt like it was a cop out. I&#039;m so happy I decided to give it a try. I haven&#039;t gained weight and don&#039;t feel like my emotions are dulled. I feel happier and more hopeful. Strongly recommend."
"I have been on nuva ring for a little over 4 years now. VERY effective birth control. PROS: No weight gain (I actually dropped the weight I gained from the pill soon after I started), very clear skin, even moods with no major mood swings, don&#039;t feel or notice it, no daily remembering required, periods significantly lighter, shorter, and with less discomfort, effective immediately at regulating my cycle and has continued that way throughout use, it even has enough hormones in a ring to leave it in and skip your period if you prefer. CONS: Can be a little costly but totally worth it (and the brand website lets you print a 50% coupon), Intercourse can be uncomfortable with your &quot;more endowed&quot; partners (just remove it and replace after)."
"Diagnosed with influenza recently, my dr prescribed Tamiflu..believe me, this was feeling like you had been &quot; hit by a Mack truck &quot; flu, have never felt so ill with so much body pain everywhere..slept virtually all day for 3 days straight, then the Tamiflu kicked in.  Seriously, with zero side effects!  Now day 4 and I&#039;m off the pain killers and actually feeling quite good. Still going to finish off the prescribed dosage  of tablets, but have to say the results are amazing.  Yesterday I wouldn&#039;t have had the strength to write this..amazing."
"I have been put on this twice in the last couple of years to try and deal with the the constant burning pain in my feet. The first time I was given a low dose according to my Doctor 200mg 3 times a day. I didn&#039;t notice any reduction in pain at all. Then second time I was taking 600mg 3 times a day and it still did nothing for my pain and after 2 months I couldn&#039;t get past the drowsiness and had to quit taking it."
"Low self esteem, not wanting to leave the house, not being able to stay in a relationship because I was so self conscious and miserable, always walking with my head down, couldn&#039;t look people in the face, couldn&#039;t walk out the house without makeup (although it didn&#039;t cover the bumps). I cried almost everyday and hated my life. 

It all changed in 5 months. I&#039;ve never seen my face so clear. I&#039;m finally getting my confidence back. Yes it did take some time for the results to fully kick in, but it did work for me and I&#039;m so happy I finally went to the dermatologist after trying a million and one products that never worked; changed my entire diet and drank water and it never work. But Monodox along with Ziana gel definitely changed my life."
"Ok!
I have a friend who had  a strong psoriasis all over his head and body everybody at work felt bad for him and offered him doctors ,
Medicine&#039;s, vitamins, light treatment,  for months but no changes, we all where so disappointed, after a little time we saw his forehead is getting better from day to day, and we where shocked from suddenly such good results, and than he told us that he started with humira shots ...
After seeing such results,  I decided to spread this good news for all the people who are suffering so much from psoriasis, (he didnt have side effects, male in the late 20s)"
"I was on the iud for 2 years and it wasn&#039;t painful but did weird things to my body so I switched to seasonique this pasted July. I bled for a while after the change but I figured I would. After that the bleeding completely stopped no cramps or nothing no spotting either. My only side effect now after 1 pack is breast tenderness which isn&#039;t the worst but feels like I got a boob job. Really like this for my migraines right now too has helped quite a bit for them as well."
"Within the first couple of days I felt way more productive.  Not as lazy, I feel happier and my mood has improved.  Definitely recommend it. I also take Viibryd. "
"I started on Yasmin, then switched to Ocella when it was released. I had no issues with it. It helped my cramps, shortened my period by 2 day, and helped clear out my skin. I gained no weight (but was eating very healthy and stayed active). I stopped taking it for 2 months to have a surgery, got pregnant, and am back on it now. I have never had any moodiness, and it has helped with my time of the month migraines I would get. I would recommend this to anyone. FYI, I started on this when I was 24 and am now 27."
"Only been on this pill a month but it is the only one so far that stopped the irregular bleeding I was having. I have tried Lo Estrin and Kariva and so far this is the winner! I will update after my second pack."
"I was prescribed this medication for anxiety because other anxiety medications caused insomnia.  It definitely helps with the irritability I was experiencing.  I sleep well if I take half of a 50mg pill.  Unfortunately, when I take a whole pill, I have trouble sleeping.  Despite not sleeping well, I usually have more energy and I am more productive the next day when I take a higher dose.  I also noticed that when I&#039;m taking this medication I sometimes have a hard time speaking, words come out jumbled!  Overall, this medicine has the least amount of side effects of all the medications I&#039;ve taken for anxiety (no appetite gain, no sexual side effects, no headaches or mood swings)."
"35 years old.  I&#039;ve been on spironolactone for about 7 weeks now.  I began noticing changes right around week 4.  My skin is almost as clear as it was years ago when I was on Accutane.  Pretty much no side effects as of yet (knock on wood).  I&#039;ve been on every medication possible and nothing worked.  Finally I went to a new dermatologist who prescribed spironolactone and I wish I would&#039;ve found this sooner.  I rarely get a pimple now and the only one that I have gotten has been really tiny and has gone away after a day.   I hope the success continues."
"this is a miracle medication..THANK YOU MERCK!"
"I have a love/hate relationship with NuvaRing. I love that I don&#039;t have to worry about a daily pill, light periods, normal moods vs pill, no cramps...almost everything I want! I hate that the ring wants to slip out half the time, painful for me and partner during sex, &amp; decreased sex drive. I plan on switching."
"I worked as a Head Start teacher for 18yrs without the buprenorphine I&#039;m almost positive I would not be here. My then three yr old said to me mommie I miss you when your gone it still resonates in my subconnious I could be gone just in a split second. I called my doctor and told I want off these pills cause I want to be around to see my then only one child grow up. I started the buprenorphine treatment and my world has changed for the better. With prayers and comfort from my God and family we have made it this far.I have been on buprenorphine since 2009 but now since my doctor no longer has a practise and I can&#039;t work with the constant pain and I don&#039;t want to go down that long dark road again but If you go to a manager U r treated like bad"
"I&#039;ve taken hydrochlorothiazide for almost twenty years and it never really brought my pressure to normal. My new doctor included Lisinopril with the hydrochlorothiazide and now its finally normal. No real side effects."
"This medication for cramps is the BEST. It&#039;s weird but my cramps only happen in the morning before my actual period comes.  The pain starts literally within twenty minutes of waking.  I pop one of these and within an hour, I&#039;m fine.  I usually don&#039;t have to take another pill even though you can take the medication twice a day.  I&#039;ve been using it for a year.  It&#039;s great."
"I first had the Mirena inserted in 2008 about 6 weeks after I had a baby.. I had always suffered from unbearable cramps, irregular long MISERABLE periods.. So I thought what the heck I&#039;ll get this awesome little thing and kill two birds with one stone. I LOVE it!!! I literally haven&#039;t had a period or spotting since the day I got it put in and have not even remotely had a pregnancy &quot;scare&quot; I have recommended it to many people, but it doesn&#039;t work the same for everyone. Insertion both times (I&#039;m 3 years into my second one) was easy. The first time I had normal period like cramps the day of, and the second time they just switched out the old for the new and I had zero symptoms. Aunt flow didn&#039;t even come. I highly recommend at least trying it!"
"Just started Mobic this week and I&#039;ve already gained 4 minutes back on my nightly walk.  I&#039;m 32 and suffer from severe osteoarthritis in my hips.  I haven&#039;t noticed much change in my swelling , but am already sleeping for longer periods of time."
"I really wanted to write a review on this because I saw so many people like myself who were freaking out. But this works completely! My boyfriend and I had sex 2 weeks ago and the condom ripped. According to my calendar I was most fertile that day. So I took a plan B about 30 minutes later. A week later I felt extremely weird and not like myself so I started to get paranoid that the pill didn&#039;t work. I was supposed to get my period yesterday but I woke up to nothing, except all of the symptoms of my period (back ache, stomach ache, bloated) but no blood! I got a little worried but read online that it might delay the period. Woke up this morning, and BOOM! There it was!!! This worked for me!!!"
"I have been suffering from panic attack since 2013 and was kept on Xanax .5mg TDS really its the drug which can enhance the Quality of life. Even though we have the xanax regularly but some times panics and anxiety comes, i though to cure anxiety off when met to psychiatrist he prescribed Zoloft 50mg once a day along woth clonazipam .25mg at bed time, having satarted that panics came with great intensity i left both Zoloft and Revotril and rejoin Xanax the problem solver... Thx Almighty who has put lots of benefits in Xanax..."
"&bull;	19 Apr. 2016

Began initial dose at 2230 hours. Felt the medicine working within a &frac12; hour. Was in a good mood as I had been taken off of Warfarin this date. Before drifting off to sleep, I glanced at the clock. It was approx. 2300 hrs. I had an odd feeling in my throat that was possibly closing up. I remember worrying what is going on here? As the feeling in my throat persisted, I also felt my &ldquo;Adam&rsquo;s apple&rdquo; fluttering and an elevated heart rate. I soon fell asleep. No other meds taken except for Atorvastatin.

&bull;	20 Apr. 2016  

I awoke a 0600 hours to go to the bathroom. Upon arising, I felt a damp spot at the back of my underwear. Pulled the sheets back a discovered I had Shit the bed in my sleep. Felt real dizzy and drowsy. Thought to myself &ldquo;how &amp; why?&rdquo; this happened. Went to shower.

As the morning continued on at 0630, the side effects were evident:
1.	&ldquo;Hot flashes&rdquo; Absolutely miserable. Could not get / stay comfortable. Firstly, had the flushing sweats, then I would get too cold. Turning off the air conditioner and fan for about a half an hour, Becoming hot again. This has continued on and has not stopped. Extremely bad migraines as well since waking and did not let up at all. Sensitive to noise, light and sounds.
2.	The same feeling in my throat upon waking, I drank water to cool off and see if this would stop. And it didn&rsquo;t.
3.	My face was tingling all over as well.
4.	Moderately nauseous upon standing up or sitting down. The nausea had continued all day. Had a special K cereal bar to ease this up in the morning. Having only relief from it less than an hour.
5.	Tried eat cereal for lunch and discovered unable to eat it at all. The taste of it was making me sicker.
6.	Took two 500 mg acetaminophen at 0700, relief was only slight and the head aches returned less than two hours.
7.	Overall neck pain eased up and other arthritic symptoms did as well. I could definitley tell a difference, However the head ache did not.


8.	Decided to take a dosage during the morning at 1000 hrs. To avoid loss of bowel control in my sleep. Within about two hours, felt it working through my system. Same effects I mentioned as before. Severe headaches and Nausea all day. And of course unbearable hot &amp; cold feelings again thinking that these should eventually pass as I become used to it.
9.	Laid down from 1400 to 1700 to alleviate the symptoms. Awoke from the nap and tried to eat dinner. One bite made me sick to my stomach. Headaches still there. 
10.	Overall, felt the same until bedtime as I did all day. Will give it one more try tomorrow morning.
Did not take any meds except Atorvastatin, and two acetaminophen.

&bull;	21 April 2016

Awoke at 0815.  No bowel leakage. Took another dose of Duloxetine at 1000. Was able to tolerate a cereal bar.  Noticed the side effects once again and unable to have a bowel movement, within an hour of trying.  I will now stop this medication.  As I do not feel well at all and its side effects are terrible."
"I found this drug to be very effective to control my seizures. Before taking Topirimate, my seizures were uncontrollable. I would get 3-5 seizures per week. Not including the amount of injuries I sustained- fortunately, nothing serious, just bumps on the head and sprained ankles from falling over. But I&#039;ve been so lucky. 

I&#039;ve also lost weight. Amazing. I&#039;ve wanted to lose weight for a while now. I&#039;ve lost about 2 stone. But unfortunately the appetite suppressant within the Topiramate has ceased. It doesn&#039;t last very long. My appetite has come back :-( 

But the seizures have been greatly reduced. Which is the main thing, which I&#039;m very happy about."
"I have been fighting nail fungus for over 30 years;( I&#039;ve tried grisefulvin, lamisil and then jublia in 2015. I did jublia for 10 months and then got severe skin reaction. Intense itching, blisters etc. The podiatrist had me soaking my feet, trying this cream etc. I went off jublia let my skin get back to normal which took a few months. I just restarted back on it after over a year off because its the only thing that has worked. The itching returned immediately I am trying to manage it."
"You need to find the right dose - too much can definitely make you sleepy, but the correct amount will increase your productivity (if you suffer from anxiety)."
"I have been using testosterone gel for over 4 months.  I started with Testim but could not stand the smell.  I got my doctor to prescribe Androgel and found it to be way nicer to apply.  It does not leave a sticky residue like Testim and is completely odorless.  I am in my early 50&#039;s and I had previously been on antidepressants for about 2 years.  I find that I am feeling a lot better taking Androgel both mentally and physically.  I go to the gym 4 or 5 days a week and I feel stronger than I have in years.  As far as sex and libido, I can not believe the difference that Androgel has made.  Absolutely fantastic."
"I had a severe parachute injury while in the military. I&#039;ve had every type of pain pill, as well as all the therapy you can think of. This was the last hope.  This has helped me be able to actually function and work daily. I wish I would have known before hand this was what I needed. Highly recommended for pain."
"Day 4 of using this Med- I first I noticed I was very tired and fatigue - I experienced short term memory loss - I also couldn&#039;t stay focused in on a conversation.. Not for me"
"I broke out with bad cystic acne on my jawline. The doctor prescribed me epiduo, at first it made it so much worse; it burnt and itched like crazy but I was determined to complete the recommended 12 weeks. By week 8 my skin was so much clearer and now after 12 weeks my skin is smooth and glowing, better than it&#039;s ever been !! I&#039;m literally so happy and (I know this sounds well cheesey) but it&#039;s given me my confidence back !! It&#039;s worth the horrible few weeks"
"OxyContin allowed me to recover from cancer surgery without any complications. I did have some unpleasant side effects like constipation. But it was totally worth the pain relief I got from surgery."
"If you don&#039;t know what Cyclic Vomiting Syndrome is, Google it. It can not be cured. I have CVS and Zofran is the ONLY thing that helps me."
"Tysabri has changed my life. I have had 20 infusions now. At first I could feel a major &quot;up&quot; and then could slowly feel the medicine wearing off towards the end of the 28-day cycle. Now I don&#039;t feel much of an up or a down, but I feel consistent and &quot;normal&quot; again. I feel more level-headed, have consistent energy levels, and am able to work out at the gym two hours a day! The only side effect I&#039;ve ever had was a bad headache on the evening of my infusion for the first 2 or 3 months. At my 6-month MRI/follow-up we found out that the Tysabri was actually causing a significant reduction in my lesions. I haven&#039;t had a relapse and only a handful of flare-ups (that last maybe an hour tops)."
"Butrans changed my daily living. I loved what its done for me so, much that I have 2 other friends suffering and their Drs. have them on it now too. the only thing I don&#039;t like is the prickly itchy feeling but, after reading some of these review I may talk to my Dr. about their suggestions. also, I find that after the 1st 3 days I have had little to no side effects. I am sometimes able to push my days out to 8 as long as I don&#039;t overdue the week. otherwise I am ready by mid day of the 6th day and will often change it the very eve so, that by my 7th day I&#039;m back up and running. hope this review helps i know when i went on it, the reviews were helpful to me.. thanks BUTRANS for my LIFE!!!
if you have pain BUTRANS WORKS."
"Also, causes horrible periods!!! I would bleed heavily for 3 weeks+ stop for about a week and have a period again being 3 weeks+. Worst thing I ever decided on. Had it removed and started the pill again, acne has subsided and I&#039;m much more cheerful
And back to my old self(:"
"I am on my 3rd mirena. Best thing I have done for my health. I experience very minor spotting. No full periods! No crazy weight gain. Love love love....except insertion/removal. Having had no children it&#039;s painful but after a day or two of cramping I&#039;m back to myself again. My partner appreciates the lack of a full period."
"Success - Promised myself that I would come back &amp; write a review of my experience so here we go. First time having sex and it was the day after my period ended &amp; didn&#039;t use a condom so I took plan B about 12 hours later. I&#039;ve always had a super irregular period so for the next almost 2 months (yes,2) I had anxiety every hour of the day about being pregnant. I would wake up feeling nauseous, Have back pain, heartburn, and always felt bloated. Personally I think that I was making myself feel that way bc I had so much anxiety. Anyways, PLAN B DOES WORK. I&#039;m sitting heer right now chillin on my period and super happy about it. Like you, I read this website and many others over and over trying to calm myself down. But you will be fine!!!!"
"I used to take Vicodin 500 for severe menstrual cramps, this was in the the early 90&#039;s. I just used it for menstrual pain. I had a breast augment in 2001 and received enough Percocet to heal and my Dr. addressed using it as directed. I was suffering neck and shoulder pain already and never considered using opiates. It became so chronic and severe that by 2010 I couldn&#039;t work and by 2011 I was on 5mg oxycodone. Now in 2013 I use 20 mg Oxycontin 2x a day with 5 mg oxycodone for breakthrough pain. It has allowed me to exercise, go outside and drive, shop again, see my friends and family. It is no substitute for treatment. I am a candidate for spine surgery, I will attempt this at 37. I will see with proper therapeutic options and surgery how I can taper."
"I need to lose 20 pounds &amp; it is not coming off with diet &amp; exercise.  Doctor prescribed Contrave.  I read many reviews before taking &amp; was hopeful that I would not have side effects. I have taken wellbutrin 150 xl with no problem. Before taking my first tablet I had a breakfast of greek yogurt &amp; strawberries followed by 2 cups of black coffee &amp; 8 oz of water.  I took the tablet at 9 am.  By 10 am I had a strong pressure headache, felt dizzy and was unable to concentrate.  By 11 am feeling nauseous.  Tried sipping water and a few crackers but by 11:30 am was vomiting violently and was unable to leave the bathroom for the next 3 hours.  Fierce stomach cramps started around noon followed by diarrhea.  Headache worsened. Sleepless night. Yikes"
"I used to take Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo prior and stopped for about 4-5 years until getting back on birth control about 4 months ago. My gynecologist recommended this particular brand and so I thought I would give it a try. It reminds me of my previous birth control. I had no negative side effects whatsoever (but every woman&#039;s body is different.) I&#039;m thin framed (5&#039;9&quot;) but gain weight in my breasts and butt. My weight never fluctuates past 120. Prior to the birth control I tried gaining weight but could never gain more than 108lbs due to diet change (vegan). Thankfully enough this birth control helped me gain about 7lbs. After the 2nd month of taking the birth control I went from a full B cup to a full C. No complaints here. They&#039;re perkier too."
"I only took Arimidex for 1 month, after having a mastectomy. During that month I experienced severe joint pain, nausea, headaches, shortness of breath, and finally, a severe asthma attack which convinced me that I needed to stop this drug.  Almost immediately, all side effects disappeared.  Now, eight months after stopping Arimidex, and taking nothing else, I have quite severe Rheumatoid arthritis.  I was previously fit and active.  I am 70 years old. I would rather take my chances with the cancer returning than take this drug again."
"I started Victoza exactly 4 weeks ago. I have felt nauseous from time to time but generally feel worse if I eat more than I needed. I can easily feel very full eating 700-800 calories a day. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects except that I have way more energy than before which is wonderful for someone who has fibromyalgia and is always tired!!  The inches are melting away and I&#039;m so happy to have lost 11.5lbs, it&#039;s amazing!  After unexplained weight gain of 77lbs over the course of a year this is just what I needed. 1 month in and 1/6 of the weight I need to lose has already gone - if you haven&#039;t already, give it a go."
"First dose was 5 mg, it made me so ill I fainted.  Second night, took 2.5 mg and it&#039;s my ticket!  I&#039;m motivated, productive, can think and make decisions. I sleep 7-8 hours, wake up without pain and in the shower by 8am instead of waiting for 2pm for fibromyalgia pain to ease.  I take it with 30 mg of Cymbalta, I think they compliment one another.
It&#039;s been four weeks and I still feel like I&#039;ve got a new lease on life.  Hope it lasts."
"I&#039;m 17 and started getting acne the beginning of freshman year. I was first put on benzyclin (idk how it&#039;s spelled) then I tried retin A. Sophomore year and junior year I used face washes which only broke me out more. Finally deciding to go back to the doctors after years for my acne, I explained how topical a hadn&#039;t worked for me so my doctor prescribed me Bactrim. I never heard if it and was worried it wouldn&#039;t work although she did say it was a powerful antibiotic. So far it&#039;s been 3 months and I&#039;ve noticed a difference within the second week not drastic but a difference. I want to stay on as long as I can or until I&#039;m out of the acne stage. Just make sure you are not allergic to sulfa"
"I&#039;ve been taking Cymbalta for 2-3 months.  I had been taking 30 mg. a day, but my doctor told me I could try 60 mg.  a day, i.e. 30 mg. twice a day, and since I&#039;ve been taking 60 mg., which is about a month ago, something weird has happened: I feel ecstatic all the time, and as though I&#039;ve returned to my &quot;true&quot; self, i.e. ways I used to be, and liked, decades ago, but have been out of touch with for a long time. I&#039;m much more productive and creative, and don&#039;t feel overwhelmed the way I used to."
"I am 15 years old girl and this was the first medication I ever took for my ADD and I don&#039;t even know if it worked for my ADD symptoms. But I do know the side effects of Strattera were all I had. I was depressed, numb, sleepy, could not eat and had anxiety. It felt like I wasn&#039;t on earth I was out in space numb to the world."
"I started taking Zepatier 2 weeks ago. The first 2 weeks no problem. Then one night I became very sick and was vomiting everywhere and had continuous diarrhea. I found it very strange for the side affects to all of a sudden do this. Since this I have come off the treatment. I would also like to point out that I was also coming off GHB and Meth at the same time. Now that I&#039;m clean I was never a heavy user just recreational I&#039;m going to try it again as I&#039;m sure it had something to do with my withdrawal process from GHB"
"I have been on Saxenda for 5 days and lost 9 lbs with no side effects. I am continuing for the remaining 9 days and will definitely continue until I am closer to my desired weight."
"Best OTC antihistamine I&#039;ve found for animal allergies. Take at least 5 hours before exposure.  Not as good as Zyrtec, for me, for hay fever &amp; other plant allergies."
"I have been on this medication for 37 days.  My day and night sweats are no longer severe. I only toss my comforter once a night as opposed to many times.  My day sweats are no longer embarrassing, e.g. while talking with coworkers, I would without warning began to get warm, hot, and then dripping in sweat to include my hair.  My mood swings are gone, I am back to normal.  LOVING IT."
"It works. I went from taking over 160mg of oxycodone per day for years to 2 x 8mg Suboxone per day. 11 months later and I feel like I&#039;ve been given a 2nd chance at life. Great doctor, great drug, I do my part. It works."
"I can&#039;t give this medication a 10 without being on it for a long time, but what I can say is that this medication was recommended to me 2 different doctors who also take it themselves. Also, I can say that my side-effects from my previous birth control are going away after taking Kariva. I had the worst mood-swings and anxiety from Ortho-tri-cyclen. I was always either angry and upset for or hysterically crying for no good reason. From the first time I took Kariva, my mood dramatically improved. I actually feel friendly towards others for the first time in months."
"Got my IUD last week. Insertion took about 4 minutes total. It felt like an extended pap smear with a few uncomfortable pinches and mild cramps. I had mild cramping for the next several days and no spotting. I found it uncomfortable to sit up for first 2 days so I was glad that I took the day off work to rest. probably the worst side effect has been the fatigue and feeling a bit more emotional than usual. I&#039;m hoping that will lessen once I get used the hormones. One word of advice: Since you don&#039;t know how your body will react I think it&#039;s good to take the day off afterwards. If nothing else, it&#039;s good to pamper yourself for making a smart decision for your sexual health. Overall, this has been a positive experience."
"I was diagnosed with PTSD and anxiety five yrs ago, been on many meds for it, trying to find one that works for me better than Valium because of its addictive behavior. This Prazosin didn&#039;t work at all, I got severe headaches, diziness, nausea, and still couldn&#039;t sleep"
"I&#039;ve had my mirena for 5 months now, I&#039;m 23 years old with no kids although I&#039;ve had a miscarriage. The pain lasted about 2 minutes while the doctor was inserting the Mirena, other than that no complaints. I don&#039;t have a period anymore (which is awesome since my period was heavy +++ before the mirena). My mood is normal and my sex drive actually increased. I would definitely recommend the Mirena to other women!"
"Broke my ankle in three places and all my bones.   Was given Lyrica for nerve damage.  BUT I HAVE SUFFERED WITH SEVERE DEPRESSION MY ENTIRE LIFE. Tried all anti depressants and they worked for a while.  STARTED LYRICA AND WAKE UP HAPPY.  NEVER FELT SO GREAT IN MY LIFE.  I FEEL THIS DRUG HAS REALLY SAVED ME AND IM 59 YEARS
OLD.  SO HAPPY NOW. GLAD I WAS GIVEN LYRICA.  DO EAT MORE BUT
ILL WATCH THAT.  BUT IF YOUR SUFFERING FROM ANXIETY PANIC ATTACKS. OR DEPRESSION. TAKE LYRICA. IM ONLY ON 50MG THREE TIMES A DAY.  SO HAPPY.  FEEL PRODUCTIVE AGAIN."
"I think this is pretty great but the constant spotting can get in the way of a lot of things and can get really obnoxious and a little weight gain but other than that I think it&#039;s cool"
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder in September of 2008 and started the horrific process of finding the right medication(s) for me. Geodon worked really well but when my limited prescription plan runs out, Geodon would cost me $500.00 a month. So I asked my doctor to switch me to drug that has a generic. I started on Lamictal on 12-28-08 and it took until a week ago (February 1, 2009) to get to 200 mg. I have to take it in the morning as it is stimulating for me. A light went on when I hit 200 mg and I feel great. I am starting the process of going off of Geodon now, so I hope I still feel great when I am of the Geodon entirely."
"I have suffered resistant depression/anxiety on and off for 30 years and now I have obsessive compulsive disorder and intrusive thoughts. I started on Anafranil 15 days ago and my OCD/ intrusive thoughts have almost gone  I&#039;m on only 100 mg per day and I&#039;m starting to get my life back and the medicines haven&#039;t reached their full effect yet, so at this early stage I&#039;m happy to recommend this medication and I hope this helps anyone that reads this, thank you."
"The loss of my best friend has changed my world. I have the worse time getting to sleep because I can&#039;t deal with not be able to talk to her anymore. I pray a lot and say thank you Lord over and over like my mantra and sometimes that works. Now Lorazepam has become my close friend as it puts me to sleep and stops the racinG thoughts that are RELENTLESS! I take between 2-3 mg one hour before bed time, because I also take it for anxiety in the day at times. Once in he ER I was given 4mg intravenously and it knocked me out. I had worked a 19 hour shift and my heart was racing. I love my Lorazepam."
"It&#039;d be nice if we didn&#039;t all have to explain to our small children what Viagra is every 10 minutes when watching t.v. DIY channel, sports channel, home improvements channel. Ffs can&#039;t you limit it until AFTER 9pm"
"I have been on Microgestin for a few years.  For the most part my experience has been very positive: I have not experienced unusual mood swings, weight gain or changes in sex drive.  The pill also regulated my period, which had been very irregular before, and my cramps became much less painful.  After long term use, my period became lighter and finally disappeared, which makes me paranoid about pregnancy, so I use an over the counter test every couple of months.  At the same time I also became drier and drier until sex became very difficult.  However, I have been able to combat the vaginal dryness pretty effectively by making sure to stay very hydrated all day long and especially where exercise or alcohol are concerned."
"This is the best medicine I have ever found to treat this disorder. I would not stop taking it even if the FDA tried to recall it. I can function like a normal person after suffering for many years."
"Pramapexole can cause fainting.
I had been quite please with the affects of pramipexole during the 3 months I had been on it.  However, for about 3-4 weeks prior to my hospitalization, I just felt out of sorts.  I began to notice a feeling of being lightheaded.  One morning I bounded out of bed - standing up too quickly - and woke up a few moments later having fallen against a wall. I didn&#039;t too very much enjoy the resultant scrapes.  (Neither did the wall)
After a visit to the ER followed by two days of very impressive detective work, the very fine doctors informed me that Pramipexole - also known as Mirapex - was the culprit.  Take this drug seriously.  I works quite well but at a potential cost.  Hope this benefits you all."
"I tried at least 15 different medications for severe neuropathy and sciatica pain. No medications help with my pain Nucynta has. I don&#039;t understand why is so hard to find, at least in my city."
"Excellent medicine in my experience.

I&#039;ve been taking it about 6 months. I&#039;m now working and going to school full time. Anxiety has improved significantly, almost to pre-illness levels. I feel great cognitively (creative, zero psychotic symptoms, memory seems pretty sharp).

Although I&#039;ve never really gained weight on Risperidone for 2 years was relatively weight neutral. I&#039;ve actually lost 5-10 lbs. since taking Latuda, pretty much without trying.

The one minor annoyance would have to be that it requires 350 calories for full absorption and it puts me to sleep about an hour after taking it. I end up eating a small meal/snack before bed every night (yogurt, nuts, etc.)."
"Today is my first day and so far I have eaten one low fat yoghurt, two apples and a big salad with lettuce, cucumber, sprouts, 1 egg, bit of feta and half a tin of tuna with a little bit of homemade dressing..yummy. If I can keep this up I will be over the moon."
"I have adult ADHD. I&#039;m 21 now and have been on Adderall 20mg 3 times a day for the past 4 years. It&#039;s really helped me if you just take it responsibly you don&#039;t have any real problems. The only thing I still get dry mouth. "
"Viibryd is pretty great. It is strong yet subtle. I&#039;ve tried every antidepressant (SSRI/SNRI/SSNRI) and it is the only one that works well for me. I am having virtually no side effects except for tiredness but it has been getting better. I had diarrhea for the first weak but it was tolerable. It doesn&#039;t dull my emotions. It makes me feel normal and stable! Great medication for me and the only SSRI type medication that works. Maybe this has to do with it being a partial serotonin agonist as well as being a serontin reuptake inhibitor."
"Not every effective. Too expensive"
"Mylan your lidocaine patch do not stick. Please fix  or stop making something that is a waste of money and can not use.   Having pain."
"I had immediate  problems when I started taking this medication. Honestly, I thought it was a placebo, because I had all of the symptoms that caused me to take the med in the first  place. Definitely  did not work for me."
"I just switched to this pill from one that made me gain weight (all to boobs and butt so I&#039;m not reeeeeally complaining but still.) This is my first period with this pill, and I&#039;m rejoicing. I&#039;ve always had extra heavy periods, and they usually last 8-9 days, so it was basically hell. I had gotten used to sleeping on a towel I always ended up leaking onto my sheets and ruining them, and I was resigned to a life of painfully large super   tampons. But today - I wore a regular tampon and didn&#039;t leak? And I can wear a regular pad and sleep without a towel? This is amazing and I love it. A   "
"I started taking Pristiq 50mg for Major Depression, major anxiety, Chronic pain. I took it first day and it was GREAT! First week sleep, headaches were rough but energy was good. Gradually started decreasing by itself as I kept taking the pills. 9 month&#039;s later I was still taking the pills but I was dizzy, getting brain zaps, CRS, tinnitus, major anxiety, non-stop migraine for 2 months, bed rest, and had to go to psych hospital. Psych. MD upped to 100mg  Pristiq that lasted a week. My whole spine was HURTING and now I am switching over to a new SNRI that I am not happy about. And still on withdrawal from Pristiq. "
"Diagnosed with IBS-C a few years ago. This is the only medication that has helped. I don&#039;t take it daily because of the cost but it&#039;s been just as effective every other day. 

The first two weeks it caused severe diarrhea within an hour of taking it but then it calmed down to regular bowel movements once a day which is a far cry better than the once a week I experienced before the medication."
"This has worked great for my lower back pain."
"I had a complete hysterectomy over 6 years ago. It has been a real battle trying to regulate my hormones. Testosterone pellets helped some but not worth the beard that comes with it. I don&#039;t know what is in this exactly but it has done wonders for my libido. My husband wants to make sure I never run out..."
"Started taking it .04 but first retrograde ejaculation...
Then stuffed nose
Then constipation 
Then flutter of heart
That was two weeks now
It did change my counts
To the bathroom from 6 to twice in one evening........"
"This medication has been a real life-saver. I had struggled with heavy depressions interspersed with hypomania for a few years before I was eventually diagnosed with Bipolar 2 Disorder, for which I was prescribed this. The initial 50mg did nothing except be an overrated sleep pill, but the boost to 300mg for bipolar depression helped begin to mellow me out, and a few weeks later I was starting to experience a life free of devastating mood swings. I&#039;ve read horror stories online, but I experienced nothing of the sort (actually *lost* weight in the past few months). It&#039;s a shame there&#039;s risks with long-term use, I would happily take this forever otherwise - these past few months have been nice and happy and productive for me thanks to this."
"I have Angina and over the past year began a regime of Bayer (or Bufferin) starting at 500mg every morning. Things got a little worse after six months and I upped my dosage to 1000mg per day. This was all self medication without medical consult (I knew what the problem was). Finally even the 1000mg a day wasn&#039;t working and I went to see the doctor. He put me on 50mg of Lopressor per day and things turned around within 2 days. The pain is gone and I can get a whole nights sleep without waking up in the middle of the morning (usually 3-4am, when the incidence of heart attack is the highest statistically) in major pain. So far so good. If you have Angina then DO see a doctor. Get the tests! After all, it&#039;s really your life your dealing with."
"I have always had horrible morning sickness. This time around I am pregnant with twins and it was much worse. I started the medication and it stopped the ache of nausea all the time! The bad is it did stop the nausea but I had no signs when I was going to throw up. So you randomly throw up without knowing your stomach is upset..not fun at All. The bad thing is with the co-pay with my insurance was $160, so very pricy but worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on seasonale for two years it it&#039;s the first birth control I&#039;ve ever takenand I love the results!  My periods are shorter and less crampy, I&#039;m also no longer a hag during pms because pms doesn&#039;t exist for me anymore :)
I do occasionally get breakthrough bleeding but that&#039;s definitely my own fault for taking a pill a few hours late. 
My main complaint is that I cry way more now - watching cheesy commercials and when I&#039;m mad - and that I&#039;ve gained weight,  every time I restart my new pack I&#039;m starving all week and want to eat everything in sight.  My boobs obviously got bigger too but I&#039;m not complaining there. 
Still a thumbs up from me !"
"I am having the same problems. Terrible taste in my mouth and after three days of taking the medicine I was up all night with horrible pain in the center of my chest and it is still ranging through the day. I had no idea what was happening until I read this site. I will be seeing my doctor today to change out this medication ASAP!"
"I had really bad cystic acne and went to a dermatologist and the medicine they gave me didn&#039;t help much so I went on Cryselle. My face has cleared up SO much ever since I&#039;ve been on this pill but I have been very moody. I&#039;ll be happy then sad to where I want to cry and then the next minute I&#039;ll be extremely happy again. I have not gained any weight while on this pill and I&#039;ll skip my period every 2 months and they&#039;re very light with no cramps. Overall I plan to stay on this pill until I can&#039;t deal with the mood swings anymore."
"So not worth it. I had all kinds of bad effects on the drug but I am here to warn you about stopping it. My doctor told me to stop it cold turkey. I figured since it was a selective SSRI I didn&#039;t have to taper. I have spent the next six weeks with profound problems with my heart rhythm.  Which my doctor thinks is unrelated. After 5 + weeks things seem to be calming a bit.  But not after all kinds of tests and a halter monitor and of course... that looks like your crazy.  I know it was this drug. The only time I ever had them before was after discontinuing Celexa without tapering. (when it was first introduced and they didn&#039;t know better).  I don&#039;t have palpitations normally.  There is no good information on this drug. You are just winging it"
"My mouth and teeth hurts so bad. I am on 70 mg I ask the  doctor he did not know and my dentist he didn&#039;t know. At bedtime I Am Still In Pain"
"I was on asacol for 10 years with no flare ups and leading a normal life. Then 2 years ago my insurance (BCBS) stopped covering it. My Doctor changed me to Lialda and I have had a nothing short of continuous colitis hell flare up for 2 years straight. 20 diarrheas a day. Stomach cramps, weight loss, explosive uncontrolled bm. My Doctor refused to write a letter of medical necessity to my insurance company so I could get back on asacol. So I was on continuous steroids which caused diabetes.
  Finally to the point of starting humira which caused e coli, c diff, nor ovirus. Recent hospitalization which I was able to get back on asacol while in the hospital. Now discharged and unable to get asacol approved for use outside of hospitalization. "
"This pill made me absolutely crazy. I&#039;m a generally happy, outgoing person and Larin made me super depressed and I never wanted to leave my bedroom. I can&#039;t remember a day that went by that I didn&#039;t sob uncontrollably for absolutely no reason. I stopped it taking it, needless to say. It did regulate my periods and controlled acne, but other than that my life sucked. Depends on the person though."
"Diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder &amp; GAD, I started taking this medication at 150mg. After 4-5 weeks of dry mouth, headaches, night sweats, abnormal dreams, and a slight head jerk every now and then, my anxiety had almost disappeared. I lost 10 lbs the first 2 months but eventually gained it back which I didn&#039;t mind. WB has made a huge difference with the physiological symptoms of my anxiety, meaning that I no longer feel physically uncomfortable, especially in social situations. My doc has increased my dosage to 300mg after being on 150mg for 8 months. So far after one week on the new dosage, all the initial side effects I had when I first started taking WB have returned, but with the addition of dry eyes &amp; blurred vision."
"My acne was cleared. Extreme depression began."
"My experience with the implant has not been the best but it had done the job. I got my implant April 2015 and soon after I got it started my period and it ended like normal. 5 weeks into the implant I started my period again and this time it wasn&#039;t going away my period last 4 months and first 2 weeks were heavy bleeding and then the next few months were light bleeding and spotting. This affected my sex life as I didn&#039;t want to have sex on my period or even when I had spotting.  My situation now is I refuse to take it off as I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain depression or any other weird mood as that is caused my my family. Now about 1 year and 4 months into the implant I still get prolonged bleeding bleed for 2 months  &amp; spotting 1 month."
"A week after I had the H1N1 &quot;swine&quot; flu, I was having trouble breathing (bronchitis or pneumonia?) and the ER doctor prescribed 400 mg Avelox for six days.  By the third day I was breathing much clearer, and now at day five it seems I can breathe deeper than I think I have in years.  In fact, I think my lungs are a little sore from the good deep-breathing exercise! A great benefit has been that the Avelox has also been clearing up a chronic sinus infection that I&#039;ve had for years (even after surgery) - the pressure headache is gone, and the post-nasal drip is barely noticeable now.  I am not having any side effects that I can attribute directly to the medicine that I know of.  So far so good; thank you Avelox!"
"I will add it to the list of items called  things I&#039;m allergic to. My wife had to stop the car for me to throw up beside the road. "
"I was diagnose MG for three years, having plasma weekly but still not response. Currently taking cellcept, it seems response well within two days. Hopefully it help my symtoms so I don&#039;t have to have plasma weekly"
"I have never experienced any hallucinogenic side effects from this drug, but I admit I&#039;ve developed a nasty dependency to 100 mgs/night. It is the only sleep aid that doesn&#039;t give me cotton mouth or drowsiness the next day and works like a charm every single time.  Nothing even comes close to its effectiveness. Note:  It IS imperative that you take it at once you are in bed and ready to sleep.  After that you aren&#039;t going anywhere, no sleep walking, driving or binge eating."
"I was a major pill popper. Popping 10-15 Oxycodone HCL 30mg a day. I should be dead by now, but by the grace of God, he gave me a 2nd chance.  I have been taking Suboxone for 2 years now.  The amount and the time you need depends on each individual.  It is a miracle drug.  I can wake up in the morning now just feeling normal. I used to envy people that could do that because I knew I couldn&#039;t with out popping the 30s even before I drink my coffee.  My life was unmanageable.  I have 2 kids to live for and a family that loves me to death.  They know the real me, so kids and adults, don&#039;t think your family doesn&#039;t see the changes when you are taking pills(oxy&#039;s, Roxi&#039;s, Vics, Loracet, Loratab,Pers! Try Suboxones it really works Miracles."
"I started phentermine 37.5mg in March 2011 and weighed in at 180. By the end of April I was down 20lbs to 160. It gave me energy and really suppressed my hunger, but I had horrible dry mouth, constipation, irritability, and had to force myself to eat. Since I stopped, I have gained 10 lbs back in 7 months and is entirely my fault. I have started it back up again because to me the side effects are worth the outcome. It loses it&#039;s potency after a couple of months, but still suppresses the hunger more than without it. As long as I am dedicated to the program, I should be able to take off the 10lbs I gained and then some within 2 months time. My realistic goal weight is 145 and is totally doable with healthy habits."
"This was by far easier than the Miralax I had to do for my first prep. I read a lot of reviews on how to make this prep easier and I will for sure share what helped me.
1.) refrigerate it 
2.) use water to mix as instructed 
3.) add crystal light lemonade packet
4.) drink through straw. Don&#039;t chug
5.) bite a lemon every few sips to clear the taste
It started working within 25 mins. 
The flood gates have opened"
"Gain weight so much, feels like I&#039;m always hungry.... Waited too long to switch I was 123lbs now 151 ......."
"I was diagnosed 13 yrs ago my doctor at the time told me to take Valtrex for a year. I did and have not had an outbreak in 13 yrs. Neither did my ex from 10 year relationship get the disease. I believe if one eats healthy, tries to stay stress free you may not need to take it daily for your entire life. But that is my experience. It is a truly wonderful medicine!"
"I  started  Wellbutrin ER a few months ago for depression. I had no energy and wanted to do nothing.  It has helped so much with the depression but my hands tremor.  I tried cutting back to once a day and couldn&#039;t tell much difference in the tremors. I asked my doctor to give me the XR (150mg)  so that I could take it just once a day. I  felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. I could even feel my lips quivering.  I like that it makes me feel better but don&#039;t like the tremors. I can&#039;t find anything documented as to whether they will go away in time or continue as long as I take it. I haven&#039;t taken it today and I have no tremors."
"I started on the Depo shot right before I entered college and it has been the best experience ever, mainly because I don&#039;t have any more periods. For the first 6 months, I had lighter and shorter periods without the awful cramps. And now after being on it for almost 2 years, I haven&#039;t had a period in a year and a half! I only went on birth control because I was scared of getting pregnant in college, but I would truly recommend this to anyone who is fed up dealing with period cramps and other inconveniences. Also, for any other college students, most universities will only charge $30 for the shot and injection, but since I already had the prescription from my doctor and my insurance, they only charged me $10 for the lab injection."
"I&#039;m on Faslodex and Ibrance. My cancer was in my lymph nodes near my clavicle, on T10, T11, T12, L5, on my Sacrum and spread around my pelvis in a lot of little spots, plus it was in my hip joint. My organs were spared, but it was scary since it was in my lymph nodes. I&#039;ve been on Faslodex since August 2016 and I started Ibrance in September 2016. In just two months, all of my lesions have shrunk and there&#039;s no new metabolic activity surrounding what remains. I take my Ibrance at night and don&#039;t feel dizzy or nauseous. I don&#039;t feel too great if I eat too much, but as long as I eat light meals, my energy is good and I feel normal. I do feel fatigued from time to time, but a quick nap leaves me feeling refreshed."
"I got it in August 2011 and I never had any serious issues other then irregular periods but now after my 3 years is coming to an end I am in so much discomfort. I have literally been cramping for a week straight, I have no appetite, and I&#039;m also nauseous. The signs I have you would think I was pregnant. I&#039;ve read from many sites that its common for women to relate their experience to feeling like they are pregnant. Well I find this to be so bad that I will not get it again which is sad because I love it for the last 3 years. Needless to say despite the negatives it does the job and I never had a scare in 3 years it is seriously worry free."
"I have bad side effects from all antibiotics, which is why I ended up with a long-standing urinary tract infection. I was given Bactrim DS by my doctor. I was really afraid to take this medications, so I cut a pill in half. I also took 1/4 of a Phenergan to help with possible nausea. I was fine all day. No side effects at all until about 4 hours in. Then I developed extreme body aches, especially stiff neck and a low grade fever (which lasted 3 days). I didn&#039;t take another one, checked my urine with a dipstick and it was clear. Unfortunately the urinary tract infection came back the next day because I didn&#039;t take enough. I tried 1/4 of a pill and had the same side effects 4 hours later. No more of those for me. Going back to the doctor for something else."
"I had chronic insomnia and the Doctor tried Ambien, Lunesta, and some other hypnotic which the name escapes me right now. Those drugs (for me anyway) are worthless. I would get up in morning and find a mess in kitchen, (I live alone) and no memory of fixing food. Furthermore, began having terrible dreams/nightmares. So Doctor tried me on Dalmane, he said it has been on market for many years. It worked great. No &#039;hangover&#039;. Slept 6 hours straight for first time in months."
"I took this pill about 20 hours after &quot;unprotected sex&quot;. I had absolutely no side effects for about a week, but then my breasts hurt and became enlarged, I was constantly bloated, constipated, and had horrible back pains and cramping. I was completely stressed out and scared I might be pregnant after freaking myself out reading about pregnancy signs. However, my period came today and I&#039;ve never been so happy! The flow is normal but with more cramping than usual. Overall, I am very pleased with this product! It is way less expensive than a baby, and I am never having sex without protection again! But don&#039;t worry ladies..It&#039;ll be ok!"
"Psychiatrist put me back on 25mg ER per day, after using all the others. Xanax withdrawals were the worst. Diazepam for me is much better. Fish Oil capsules help a lot. Prozac caused hair loss. Zoloft horrible. Extended release is the way to go. 
For sleep I prefer temazapam. 
Never use diazepam to sleep."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for 4 weeks now. Yes insertion is very uncomfortable but it is worth it. I only had cramps the first 3 days after insertion and yes those were uncomfortable too but they stopped. I spotted for about a week after insertion and I have not had any bleeding since. I also have noticed a serious improvement in lubrication (I was on nuvaring) so sex is more enjoyable. Overall, I would recommend! Also, my boyfriend cannot feel the string and I can&#039;t tell it&#039;s there."
"Hey ladies, 
My first pregnancy was a breeze! Then I got pregnant with this one and at 5 weeks we found out because I was so sick I was vomiting at least 5 times a day. I finally asked my Dr. for help due to being concerned about my baby getting nutrients and food. He prescribed me Reglan 10mg and I take it 4 times a day -30 minutes before I eat and IT IS AMAZING! It does take about 25/30 minutes to kick in. I dont have any side effects yet and I hope it stays that way. So far I have been taking it for almost 4 weeks."
"This gel was prescribed to me to help wean me off of strong dose of anti-inflammatory.  I have a bone bruise on my knee and the orthopedic doctor said it will take a year to heal.  I am unable to do my usual 4 miles on the treadmill or even walk around the block.  When I ease off the anti-inflammatory medicine, my knee swells up and I can barely walk.  This has not helped my knee that much. However, I have started to use it for some swelling/pain in my thumb and I also have some lower back and neck pain and it helps."
"Honestly, this medicine has been life changing for me. Before I used it, my acne was awful, mostly on my forehead but all around the rest of my face, too. My dermatologist prescribed it to me and within a month of using it my acne completely cleared up. Now three years later, I still use it and my face remains acne free!"
"I suffer from cold sores once a year usually October or  November but I find Abreva works well when first signs of cold sore appear. I can&#039;t ever seem to catch it at the &quot;first tingle&quot; usually wake up with one trying to pop out. I immediately throw on some Abreva then take some lysine pills and some Vitamin c. Seems to heal it fast . In like 3 days. If the blister sadly appears I use Abreva every other hour and take 2 lysine pills every other 4 hours. "
"I was diagnosed with MS at 41 in 1998..I was relieved when my doctor recommended the once a week shot Avonex thinking it would be the  easiest.  Not so...bad side effects.  I went from cane to walker to wheel chair to hospital all in the few years I was on it. Just before I  went into the hospital I went on 20 mg seven days a week of copaxone. It gave me my life back.  I then went from wheel chair to walker to cane and then nothing in about two years time.. I&#039;ve now been on it for 17 years with no major relapses. Not a day goes by that I don&#039;t feel the effects of MS but nothing compared to what it was before copaxone.."
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for a year now. I went to the doctor because I had horrible cramps. The pain from the cramps made me vomit and have diarrhea. In the first 2 months or so of starting Trinessa I had spotting. After this it was gone. My period came every 31 days or so (which was how it was before birth control) for 6 months. After six months on being on Trinessa my period regulated to exactly every 28 days. Triness has definitely made my period cramps lighter, which is great. I just take two Aleve before and during my period and I feel better. I have not gained any weight from it. But I have noticed my sex drive is way lower. If you take two pills at once because you missed one, be careful! You may get nausea."
"I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for two weeks now and I can definitely say that my life has been so much better. I&#039;m on 10 mg and I take one every day. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects expect on my first day taking it I felt dizzy and a little spaced out but they subsided by day 3. Lexapro saved my life! I use to cry everyday and think so much but now all of that has stopped. I&#039;m feeling better, sleeping better; life is just better. Give it a try if you have depression/anxiety."
"I love this stuff! I am a smoker so am prone to getting bronchitis more.  Getting sick stinks but when i get bronchitis which is almost every year i get this med and by the 2nd or 3rd day am feeling much better and by day 4 I don&#039;t really feel like am sick anymore but you need to finish the meds! That is the must.  A have also been told that it might not work the first time around so you need to take a 2nd round of the meds. I call it the miracle drug!"
"This has helped me A LOT!"
"There are a lot of horror stories out there about IUD&#039;s and I&#039;d like to contribute to them because I was almost scared out of getting one because of stuff I read online. I got Skyla placed in December of 2016, which means I have had it for around 6 months. I would HIGHLY recommend Skyla to people that are looking for long term birth control. My doctor wanted to place Skyla instead of Mirena because of the angle of my cervix. He told me he had inserted many before, which was extremely comforting. The insertion was about a 5 on a pain scale, and the cramps after were pretty uncomfortable, but nothing ibuprofen couldn&#039;t handle. I have little to no side effects except nipple and breast tenderness and some cramping before periods. Get Skyla!"
"I have GAD, PTSD, Adult ADD, Bi-polar &amp; crippling panic attacks aka Panic Disorder. I was diagnosed with panic disorder at the age of 7. It ruins my life. I took klonopin for 7 years threw middle and high school. It worked okay but I always felt like something else could work better. I have been on Prozac, cymbalta, latuda, visteril, lexapro, Effexor, amnitriptalyne, celexa, Paxil, lyrica, neurontin, depakote, seroquel and risperdal. Nothing EVER worked. I finally am on a routine of; 40mg Prozac, 25mg amnitriptalyne, 40mg adderall a day, .5mg klonopin 4X daily, .5mg of halcion for insomnia. My doc recently changed me to 1mg Xanax 3X daily and it has been a lifesaver. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie and my mood has evened out!! Love it so much."
"Doctor put me on depo provera to try and help with my heavy periods. I bleed constantly. Doctor then gave me another shot 10 weeks later saying it should get better now. Well she was wrong it was the worst bleeding in my life so heavy huge clots nothing would stop the bleeding after 6 months I had to get an ablation done. It saved me for awhile but I ended up with a hysterectomy which was the best decision of my life but wouldn&#039;t of had these decisions if I didn&#039;t have the depo shot. Was the worst experience of my life and from it ended up losing my fertility by age 37  luckily I had already had my kids. Hey everyone is different and reacts differently.  But my experience with depo was very traumatic worst thing in the world."
"I got my skyla IUD inserted today! It was nothing like I had read on the reviews. I had read that it was very painful, that I had to take ibuprofen before I went in, etc. Well, I remembered I had to take ibuprofen once I was in there. (It was too late so I didn&#039;t take anything) my DR. Told me he was going to take a look at my cervix &amp; honestly that was the most painful part (which wasn&#039;t even that  painful) It was like a very slight cramp. The procedure took about five minutes and I was out! Very fast and I&#039;m safe for the next three years! Woo hoo!"
"I have been on Visitril for a little over a week now and I have to say that it has been an overall therapeutic and positive experience. I was on Lexapro (escitolopram) for almost 3 months and found that the medicine would make me pretty anxious though did level me out during a very rocky time in my life . I chose to start taking Visitril since the lexapro wasn&#039;t effective in ways I wanted and now on 50mg to 100 mg a day, I can say that it is easier to be focused on things that I really care about and I can usually notice the subtle change in my body when it stops working (in my stomach primarily) and I&#039;ll pop another one and will stay pretty level as long as it is in my system."
"I have been on Mirena for 4 years now. It has been good so far, I have not had a period or spotting in almost 4 years. I haven&#039;t gained any weight (but I do feel bloated from time to time). The only down side is my sex drive has nose dived. I used to ALWAYS be ready to go another round but now I have no interest which causes me to get a little moody but the positive out weighs the negative."
"Best drug I&#039;ve ever tried for anxiety, took lorazepam for a while which completely eradicated my anxiety whereas this just brings it down so low my anxious thoughts come and I&#039;m able to deal with them by myself in a rational way! I&#039;m waking up happy and refreshed and I&#039;m sleeping better and even having less headaches and period pain. Do not know what I did without this drug. Absolutely amazing."
"I have been using the medication for almost 3 weeks and have lost 10 lbs. I&#039;m also doing cardio every other night for 30 minutes, and dumbbell/weights every other night (but that&#039;s a fairly light routine).  I&#039;m also eating a LOT of protein and have cut out simple carbs/sugar entirely. Will slowly bring those back into my diet next week.

I did try the HCG diet (along with a VLCD) a few months back and lost over 20 lbs, but that was a HARD diet. This is much easier to manage and doesn&#039;t intrude on your lifestyle to the same extent.

Since I&#039;m only now 12 lbs above a BMI of 25, I&#039;m sure I won&#039;t be able to take it for much longer...maybe another 3 weeks), as i will be on the high-end, but still in the &quot;healthy&quot; range within 3 weeks."
"Got great relief after about 5 days. Don&#039;t know how I would have survived back spasms without it. 

To protect your gut from ulcers etc, you need to ask your doctor to also prescribe a drug called Nexium and take that in the morning and take the Mobic in the evening with food.

Shame it is not good to take this drug long term though."
"I felt better right away on 10 mg. My problems were not overwhelming me anymore. I stopped obsessing. However, side effect was not being able to fall asleep or stay asleep. I am now up to the 20 mg dose. Still doing alright. Doctor prescribed Ambien. When I skip a day of Viibryd anxiety and agitation comes back. I am in a bad marriage and am contemplating divorce after 43 years.  No wonder that I have anxiety and felt like I was falling apart."
"This medicine was the only effective aid I ever tried while quitting smoking.  I previously used the patch, cold turkey, step down method, candy, nicotine gum, and Wellbutrin.  I smoked for over 20 years and none of those other things helped.  I quit after using Chantix for two months, and I have only had two cigarettes in the last six months.  I still miss smoking sometimes, but even after those two I had recently (while out drinking) I haven&#039;t felt COMPELLED to smoke like I was before.  Be warned: the few times I took the morning dose before eating (at least an English muffin&#039;s worth of food) I felt awful.  Also, I LIKE vivid dreams so they didn&#039;t bother me but they were VERY vivid and could have been disturbing but I knew I was dreaming."
"I got the Implanton ... The insertion wasn&#039;t too painful the numbing stuff they put in first hurt the worst! I had a lot of spotting at first but now I don&#039;t really have a period at all. I have noticed a little weight gain but nothing too bad. The worst side effect is my loss in sex drive. It is GONE but I&#039;m hoping for my boyfriends sake it comes back. All in all I like the Implanon and think that it is a great choice for someone like me who will not remember to take a pill at the same time every day."
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for 8 years and am seizure free with no side effects. The only problem I encountered was that I had a seizure the day after my daughter was born because my dosage post-pregnancy was too low. For those planning to have children, I&#039;m happy to say my daughter had no birth defects. However, I chose not to breast feed her because the medicine would pass to her body. Overall, I&#039;m incredibly happy."
"This was a horrid purchase.  I so hope other women read the reviews before purchasing!"
"This makes the acne into white heads
and then the next couple days it vanishes. Be sure to clean face with dove soap before and only use Epiduo every couple days."
"In 2013 summertime, I have &quot;Repair of Ascending Aortic Aneurysm&quot; operation.  The 50 mg Metoprolol is one of the main medication that help me in heart rate and hypertension. 
The Norvasc and Hydrochorlthadize are other medication that cannot without it .  But the Diovan makes my heart uncomfortable. It took me a year to figured out.//"
"I should give it a 10 rating for effectiveness. I&#039;ve been feeling sick yesterday and the doc gave me this to release whatever was in me. I took one pill around 4pm. An hour later, cramps, nausea, diarrhea. Until today, thanksgiving. Every drop of water is just shooting out of me again. I had a banana for breakfast but the pain almost killed me. There is no way I get to eat anything of the thanksgiving dinner today. Thanks!!
So far I&#039;ve been running to the toilet every 30 minutes, even at night. Thanks again."
"I have a bulging disc @ L5 &amp; S1, also causing sciatica pain. The disc is impinging on a nerve causing numbness and tingling in my lower leg and foot. At times there are spasms that can hurt so bad I will actually jump up out of my chair or sit straight up in bed out of a dead sleep. I have been on pain medicines alone, pain medicines along with muscle relaxers and muscle relaxers alone. I prefer the muscle relaxers alone because they don&#039;t seem to make me feel so bad during the day and I can still function and take care of my household. Guess I will find out if that still works after surgery, that is if they decide I need it, I really hope we can find another option to &quot;fix&quot; my back for now."
"I&#039;m eighteen, and I&#039;ve had bad acne for all of my life; constant zits around my mouth, on my chin and forehead, and lots of blackheads on my nose, and my skin type was really frustrating; oily and greasy, yet dry all the time. Wash your face with water as hot as you can stand it for a while, or try steaming it, then slap some of the Lady Soma &quot;Antioxidant Berry Masque&quot;; it&#039;s incredible. 

It will dry on your skin;  then wash it off.  If you have red irritating pimples, you&#039;ll notice a change overnight; and if you use it every night, your skin will rock. The cool thing is, Accutane also shrinks and minimizes the little pocks that zits leave in your face; I used to have them really bad under my eyes, they&#039;re almost non-existant now."
"Suffered from chronic sinusitis for over a year. Couldn&#039;t breath through my nose and daily headaches, brain fog and congestion plagued my life. Numerous antibiotics didn&#039;t work. 

Got given 5 days of this tablet (30mg) and within hours it works. The swelling reduced, I could breath and my sinuses cleared in 3 days!

The downside is it sent my anxiety through the roof and I didn&#039;t sleep for a week but after a year of chronic sinus problems it was nothing!!

Try it :)"
"Started phentermine on September 6, 2013 weighing at 183.5lbs. I had my appointment at my doctors today and I weighed in at 164.4lbs. I have lost close to 20 lbs in 1 month. I am taking the 37.5 mg pill in the morning and 1/2 at noon. Side effects are dry mouth but I drink lots of water, which is good for me anyway. My goal is 135 lbs and I work out 1 hr 5 days a week."
"Hello! I am a nurse and I suffer from anxiety and depression from very early age. I used many antidepressants through the years, but nothing was as helpful such as diazepam. It&#039;s a miracle drug.Finaly, maby in first timemy life l am filling calm and so secure   Because I am a nurse I was very afraid to take this kind of drugs, because I listened many times that this kind of drugs, called benzodiazepines can create an addiction  in a very short time, but my psychotherapist told me: &quot;yes, that&#039;s kind of drugs can be addictive, but who cares if it make you to feel good? It not working such narcotic drugs- usually you don&#039;t need to take larger amounts of drug through the years in order to receive the same influence.&quot;"
"I have been using Epiduo for 10 weeks now along with Solodyn, a slow release antibiotic for adult acne. The results have been pretty good. I do see a big change in my skin. No more big gnarly looking zits on my face. The cream seems to be removing dead skin cells so the gunk that has been deep in my pores can surface. The first week or so of using this cream my face felt so greasy. I just figured it was bringing oils out of the pores. During the first month my skin did burn off and on. It did not burn when I put it on, it would burn later or the following day when I would try to moisturize. The burning did get a little intense but it was totally tolerable. To this day I still have issue putting moisturizer on around my eyes."
"Saved my life. Struggled with opiate addiction for years, and now I no longer have cravings, and a bonus side-effect is that it helps my chronic (fibromyalgia) pain. Only side-effect that is really bothersome is constipation."
"I have depended on opiates  for 16 years. I learned to shoot up my pills after about 2 years of snorting them. I continued this IV use for the last 7 years I used. I was just about totally broke. I lost my home &amp; everything I worked all my life to attain. I was tired of having to worry about getting dope sick. I tired of the constant search for pills or heroin. I was easily using 20 pills a day. I was going through a much as $600 every day. I thought I was too far gone to ever get back &amp; last a normal (ish) life. I thought I&#039;d have to stop breathing to stop using. After a failed suicide attempt, I went to rehab. Today I am 3 days away from 900 days clean. It&#039;s a miracle!"
"My doctor explained everything and I read a brochure before receiving the implant. It&#039;s a personal decision I made and when going into it I knew that every women reacts to it physically and mentally differently! I wish there was a way they could tell you how your body would react to it before hand but they can&#039;t lol! I recommend giving it a try but it&#039;s not for me , I had it removed 6 months in. The number one reason why was because I bled since the day I got it put In, and that is just NO way to live . I had happy moments and really angry moments on it , I started getting acne on my face which I&#039;m not use to , my anxiety was off the roof and I gained at least 15 pounds which I didn&#039;t need considering I just had a baby at the time!"
"I have been taking Requip for almost as long as it has been out. Yes, it is a God send for me. My RLS was so bad I would cry myself to sleep and if I was in a movie, church, or at a play I could not sit through the whole thing. I just only hope someday they will find out what causes this. I have to take 4mg a day. I take one in the morning and 1 in the mid to late afternoon and then the other 2 about 30 mins before going to bed. It feels so good to sleep all night but now I also found out peripheral neuropathy and have to take medication for that too. But as long as I take as the doctor orders I do fine. I feel for everyone who has RLS."
"I have used anything from chlorpheniramine to claritin to zyrtec and then telfast by far telfast is the only one that didn&#039;t make me overly drowsy.

Just this morning I woke up feeling miserable stuck nose and sneezing like over 10 times and heavy headed. I popped a pill and went to work and within an hour I was almost good as new. Throughout the day I was very productive and not once dozy. With my nose not running a bit, I even had the energy to run a 10km in the evening myself!!!"
"I have suffered with sciatica and spinal stenosis for over 6 years. I have a pinched nerve and have a numb left foot and back of leg plus pain all the time. I also have TMJ and developed Trigeminal Neuralgia for which my Dr prescribed 2.5 mg Diazepam. Not only did it help with that problem but has given me relief from my back pain. My only regret is no doctors suggested this to me years ago. They could have saved me years of pain and misery. I just hope my Dr will always be willing to prescribe this for me."
"I had to go to the ER due to horrible stomach pains and was told I was &#039;plugged up&#039; and needed laxatives. The ER doctor prescribed me Miralax and so far it&#039;s done nothing. Literally. It&#039;s been the three days they speak of on the back of the bottle, and I still can&#039;t go properly. I&#039;ve been guzzling water like crazy, and not only does that make me nauseous (plain water is so freaking gross) and apple juice. I was told by the ER doc to take it once a day, then I called an gastroenterologist and she told me to take it at least 4 times a day.
We&#039;ll see, but so far this product has done nothing for me."
"GREAT, no problems at all and the medication works like a charm."
"25yr. Female. I started taking 10mg of Celexa after experiencing severe depression. I was having harmful thoughts, insomnia and anxiety in all aspects of life. I finally succumbed to the fact, I needed to take medication because therapy, exercise, positive thoughts and other outlets were not working. The first few weeks sucked. I had severe insomnia, couldn&#039;t eat and felt ramped up and clenched my teeth when I did sleep. I never had the zombie experience though. But a few weeks later, the world seemed more clear &amp; happy. Celexa did nothing for my anxiety, I had to add Klonopin, but it worked for my mood swings and depression. I would go on it again if I had to. Just remember everyone has different brain chemistry."
"I took My Way 24 hours after intercourse and still got pregnant. I had no side affects. It was like I had taken nothing at all."
"Despite all the side effects that are plaguing other users, I believe Cipro is worth a try - it is the most effective antibiotic I have been prescribed for UTI, and I experience little to no side effects. The only time I tried to take Macrobid, I experienced fever, nausea, muscle pain, dizziness, and had to call in sick to work last-minute because I&#039;d slept through the whole day prior. So considering alternatives, I trust Cipro for MY use."
"I have diabetic neuropathy, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis with 24-7 all over pain. My lower back pain is very severe and cannot be helped by surgery due to the extent of damage there. I am usually unable to walk due to the pain in my back, hips, knees and leg muscles. I take Ultram 100. My doctor prescribed it starting with 1 at night for 3 days, then 2 for 3 days, then up to 3 per day. I do fine with 2 and received an amazing amount of relief and sleep. I am very sensitive to pain medicine, very hard to take. 
I prefer to just take 1 now mostly and also take Ibuprofen during the day as well. It helps excessive pain and headache. "
"Avoid this like the plague! I have had irreversible damage to my metabolic system because of this medication including my thyroid. Evidence came out after the medications release that they hid these symptoms to get a quick release. Gained 30lbs in 2 months on this. I weaned off 10 years ago and am still dealing with the ramifications of this drug. Not worth it."
"After being diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s (awful ideopathic urticaria/welts from being touched), I was told to try generic Synthroid.  My rashes disappeared.  Months later, I did a self-trial and came to find out it caused my awful acid reflux (so bad I was screaming and wrenching in pain), so it was a choice of off Synthroid totally or try Tirosint.  My TSH and other levels are great and no more daily acid relux.  Thank you, Tirosint!"
"Cymbalta literally saved my life. After going through 6 psychiatrists and countless other antidepressant attempts, this is the one that finally worked. I promise that if you hold on and keep fighting something will work for you and you can heal. Depression is never permanant."
"I went from a virus load of 70.000 to 0 within only 3 week.

I recognize no side effects."
"Stelara was just as effective as the other Biologics (Enbrel, Humira), a bit inconvenient is the Dr. visit for the injection, but it is better controlled in this application.  Great medicine for psoriasis, been on it for 3 years and just recently getting headaches (5 days since injection)...I&#039;ll give another 48 hrs, then I&#039;ll check in with my Dr.  I am still sold on this medication, wonderful break through."
"Having started on the mini pill about 6 months ago my acne reared its ugly head very badly again, I went to the doctors and was put on antibiotics for a few months, this worked amazingly after a couple of months and I was thrilled. However I started having bad side effects from being on these for too long so stopped the treatment, within about two weeks I was having major break outs again, so depressing!! I went back to the doctors, she prescribed me epiduo. I was initially nervous about this treatment from reading reviews, but the doctor told me to start by only applying the cream a couple of times a week to let my skin get used to it, and to make sure I moisturised. It worked from first use pretty much and I&#039;m so happy!!"
"im on day 22 and am now smoke free. Within 1 week I weaned myself with the help of chantix to appx 5 per day compared to 10-12 daily. Weeks 2-3 I only smoked 4 on a bad day and 2 on a great day. I&#039;m not moody and crabby at all and no physical withdrawal symptoms. Only mental, which I&#039;m overcoming everyday."
"Have had no hot flushes since using Climara. Skin looks better. Noticed all tissues were thinning out after hysterectomy  and all have returned to normal. My patch stays on all week now that I have had time to figure out best method. Apply to clean dry skin, put patch on, press firmly then make a circle (using fingers) around and around on patch. Once I have pressed it stays on all week. Takes about 40-45 seconds to make sure it sticks. Very simple."
"To the person who recommended NeoCitran, do not take NeoCitran if you&#039;re taking Paxil or any other SSRI, unless the form of NeoCitran doesn&#039;t contain Dextromethorphan. These two medicines have a major interaction that could cause serotonin syndrome, which is relevant to my review of Paxil.
My experience with Paxil so far hasn&#039;t been the best. Side effects have been pretty bad, and as I also have ADHD, taking both Paxil and Vyvanse has lead to some serotonin syndrome-like symptoms. I got mild serotonin syndrome a few days after I started taking Paxil, because I had been taking both Paxil and Vyvanse in the morning. I find that if I take Paxil at least 12 hours after Vyvanse, the side effects are minimal and haven&#039;t had any further problems."
"My doctor has just started me on Tizanidine. I can tell the difference already. I have already tried several different medicines for my lower back problems, but Tizanidine has eased the pain well enough for me to get to sleep at night and wake more rested in the morning."
"This medicine helps me relax won&#039;t feel drowsy at all the next day or feel honesty rested the next day"
"After 2 days of treatment on Geodon I started to hallucinate and panic.  I was so scared that I was going to stay that way permanently. "
"I have no clue what is wrong with me. After three months I am still suffering from constant urge to pee / frequency.  I had the sensitive urine cultures and oddly enough bacteria was found. Funny how you can&#039;t find any bacteria with a regular test. I don&#039;t have pain yet just frequency and no leaks!  So I&#039;m going for another opinion because all bacteria is gone. Doc says just residual inflammation. Come on now! I doubt it.  So I take pyridium whenever I flare bad. It helps cut the frequency to 1 time every 1.5-2 hours or even longer. It&#039;s amazing. Yes I pee less and love it!  Without it, I go 5 times in one hour. Makes me so sad"
"I was given 5 mg to take the night before a dental visit as I have severe anxiety and 5 mg to take an hour before the appt. I took the 5 mg of Valium in place of my Xanax and within 4 hours was throwing up and having the worst panic attacks. Had to call my doctor for Phenergan to stop the vomiting."
"I have been on this pill for about 8 months because I had very bad cramps. It made the cramps completely go away and my periods only last 3 days. However I gained 10 pounds because the pill has made me have a larger appetite and makes me crave food all the time. I eat very healthy and exercise but the weight just wont come off. My doctor also told me this is because this pill makes you retain a lot of water which makes you bloated. "
"I have been on this for 5 weeks. No side effects. No benefits whatsoever."
"For me personally, the weight gain WAS dose-related. I gained over 200 lbs. by the time I got up to 600mg a day.  Even so, it does wonders for my schizo-affective and depression disorders."
"It was the best."
"I hate this thing I been bleeding for months now I have never had acne and now its terrible! MY hair is falling out, I gained so much weight and I am so unhappy. I am taking it off in Friday  i do not recommend  this  method!"
"I had allowed to let alcohol take my life from one that most would kill for and  now into the hell I knew 6 months ago. I had lost just about everything so that I could drink alone and keep getting that feeling feeling of ease that alcohol brought me. If I  had I not been prescribed antibuse and started taking it I am confidant that I would either be dead or in jail right now. 
I have been taking the medication now for 6 months and have not drank. This miricle medication combined with AA and spiritual fellowship have very quickly turned my life back in the direction that it should have been going for the past 2 years. 
I have suffered no major side effects other than a lack of cravings."
"I had the Mirena 1st inserted with great pain in 2006.  After the initial pain of the insertion it was a miracle!  After a lifetime of heavy and irregular periods I actually stopped having periods.  After 5 yrs I had it replaced.  My new Dr. did the removal and insertion of the new Mirena under general anesthesia.   For the first year all was great. Then the unexplained spotting began..I was told it was stress... then bleeding and cramping for months that finally ended with bright red blood loss during sex... scared the heck out of my boyfriend and me... again dr told me stress was to blame.  I changed Drs and was informed that hormone changes which cause the bleeding during sex.  I am having it removed.   Too much at risk the 2nd time around."
"I am 20 years old and have been taking this birth control for about 2 years now. In the beginning it helped my skin look very good, and I suffered from acne before getting on the pill. I did not gain any weight, maybe helped my breasts grow a little bit (half a cup size) but not too much. I have not had a period in about 5 or 6 months. I have not gotten pregnant. The doctor said it was normal for this pill because it stops the body from producing an egg and over time stops producing a lining in the uterus, therefore, with no lining or blood to shed, you do not have a period anymore. The doctor also said that it is safe and as soon as I get off the birth control I should get my period back, so hopefully there wont be any problems later."
"I was prescribed Adipex by my doctor 9/18/17 and so far so good. I do not own a scale so I am waiting on my monthly doctor visit so that he may monitor my weight loss. The first day I felt like I could run a Marathon and I did not at a thing that day, but drank a lot of water. The next couple days to a week it evened out a little better not as hyper, but enough energy to function. I am taking the 37.5 I take a a half of a pill in the morning and a half in the afternoon as prescribed by my doctor. Your doc may prescribe differently, but this does make the effects of the drug easier to handle. I started off at 250lbs ( I hate to admit) and being only 5&#039;3 I feel terrible about my weight. I want to be at 130 when finished"
"I had almost immediate relief within 1-2 hours. Never experienced any itching and burning with this, it was the best YI medication I&#039;ve ever used"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for almost 3 months. I have unprotected sex and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. It&#039;s really reliable and my periods aren&#039;t painful. Highly recommend!"
"I used this stuff on my sprained ankle after my uncle told me that his doctor recommended it for pain and inflammation. I gave it a go and I found after about 10-15 minutes the pain I had been experiencing was virtually gone. I also found that it helped heal the bruising on my ankle as well. I have fibromyalgia as well and never thought to use it on my joints, I&#039;ll for sure give it a go! The only downside to this product is it smells really bad."
"Viagra = strongest one  but terrible heartburn, watery eyes, stuffy nose and general bad feeling for about 12 hours.

Cialis = you are ready for a good 6-12 hours but 12 hours later terrible back and hip pain, stuffy nose and the symptoms can last for 2 days.

Stendra = not as strong but no side effects, everything feels more natural, a winner for me since I am married and use it twice a week.

Other thoughts:

If I was single and had a &quot;first night date&quot; I would use Viagra.
Never fails and it&#039;s almost &quot;automatic rock hard&quot; as long as you get the 1-4 hour timing right.

There is something about Cialis that helps you prolong things.
If you need help in that department give it a try, the downside is that it feels less natural."
"I used Malarone for two years in Uganda and found it to be very effective and with minimal side effects. Having used other prophylactics against malaria in other African environments long term I would recommend it for those who do not like the side effects of Lariam (mefloquine). "
"I went through 4 days of hell coming off of a 7 yrs of Percocet and 9 months of Fentanyl. I decided to check in to medical detox and they used Suboxone. Instantly all withdrawal symptoms gone! I only used it in detox and it was a Godsend! I recommend using for a very short period!!"
"No problems. I still menstruate here and there. But overall no cramping..maybe some temporary gain weight during menstruate days like usual. But overall great. I got pregnant as soon as I removed it and put it back after my second baby. And still no problems."
"I had to get on here and post my intense side effects that I haven&#039;t read anywhere as being all that common.  First of all, I&#039;m only on day 5 and still smoking as usual.  But the past couple days I&#039;ve been in soooo much physical pain its almost unbearable! My back, neck, and knees hurt so bad since starting chantix and this isn&#039;t listed as a side effect, but I&#039;ve never had this problem before and I&#039;m only 31. Also, the fatigue is so bad I&#039;m nodding off while reading, watching movies, even driving! I&#039;m really trying to stick it out and telling myself it&#039;s just my body adjusting to a new medication, but I&#039;m not sure how much longer I can deal with this!"
"I am 18 years old and have had Nexplanon in for 6 months now. It is great! I always forgot to take my pill and had my hormones all over the place. When I talked to my doctor at Plan Parenthood they told me about this. My insurance at plan parenthood covered it. It only hurt for a week. This is the only birth control I use. It&#039;s great. I do now get thick periods. As if it was my discharge and period mixing. Never has happened. Has it for anyone else? Only last about a week then I don&#039;t bleed. I recommend this to any young girl who can&#039;t remeber to always take that damn pill(:"
"I am a 40 year old male who has been subject to moderate acne my entire life starting at age 13.  It has never been debilitating but it has caused certain self esteem issues (rather it has exacerbated self esteem issues).  In an effort to make this as concise as possible, 99% of all that is on the internet will all the &quot;bad stuff&quot; written about this drugs are NOT true.  Although my experience is one case, my case is a solid and reliable example of the true effects of Amnesteem / Accutane.  The biggest issue with this drug are the insurance companies and the constant monthly battles to get them to cover it.  Remember folks, having insurance is not the same this as having access to proper care and insurance coverage. BEST DRUG EVER!"
"I used the patch before having kids. I have now been on the patch for 2 1/2 years and LOVE IT BUT I haven&#039;t had a period in 3 months now. All Pregnancy Test Are Negative and This Is Starting To Worry Me."
"I felt obliged to review Eutroxsig, as majority of the medicine reviews you see on the web are negative. I get that certain drugs affect people differently and we want to talk about our experiences - the good and the bad. 

Eutroxsig for me, has been great. It took a few months before I could notice any difference. I used to feel tired every day with an awful &quot;hangover&quot; feeling - and I really haven&#039;t had a day like that since. I take 50 micrograms each morning before I go for a 30 minute walk. I wait another 30 minutes before eating breakfast, and I don&#039;t take any vitamins until I&#039;ve eaten lunch. I found that it makes me constipated, however taking Metamucil once per day really helps with that.

It&#039;s so good to feel normal again."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tri-Sprintec for 3 years and I don&#039;t have any complaints. I can predict when my period is going to come almost up to the hour so it&#039;s very nice knowing exactly when I&#039;m going to start. Also, my periods are much shorter (4-5 days) and lighter (I only need a regular absorbency tampon on my heaviest day). I virtually have no cramps and slight breast tenderness each month. Most importantly I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant and I&#039;ve been sexually active the whole time I&#039;ve been taking this pill. "
"I&#039;ve been on several medications for my ADHD and Concerta is by far the best I have tried. Ignoring the slight sleeping complications I have and the lessened need for food, this medication works well. I&#039;ve found that while Concerta is in effect I&#039;m less fidgety and anxious, and I can concentrate for longer periods of time. I really do prefer this medication over any of the others I have had."
"My 4 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and we began the journey to find what would help.  We have tried many medications but due to his young age and small size it was hard to find anything that did not come with bad side effects. We tried Metadate 10 mg and he did REALLY well during the day but at 2 it would wear off and we were in for a rough night, the doctor tried Methylin 5 mg, but that just kept him up all night, so we started giving 10 mg of Metadate in the A.M. and a 2nd dose of 10mg at noon. It was like finding the holy grail of medicine. My son is now a funny, loving, calm little boy who the entire family (including our poor dog) loves to be around."
"I started drinking this tea when I found out I had stones in my gallbladder. Drs wanted to remove my whole gallbladder but I didn&#039;t like the idea of surgery or removing an organ. I haven&#039;t had any pain in fact I believe I passed stones in my stool. I have also lost weight since drinking it. It cleaned me out good and keeps my system clean and running. Even though its a nasty tea it has definitely helped me."
"My PSA was going up, it was up to 381.2 when I was put on Zytiga within a 2 month period my PSA was down to 2.2
some side effects, swollen legs, some loose stools and hot flashes."
"I started Qysmia 3 days ago and I am down 3.2 lbs. The only side effect I have is dry mouth which is great because it makes me drink water all day long. I am not exercising just using my fitness pal and following a 1200 calorie diet."
"For many years I have been impulsive and that impulsiveness has led to a lot of serious problems in my life. (Some of which were legal) Seroquel has installed a &quot;buffer&quot; between the impulsive thought and the words/actions that come as a result. I am now able to fully analyze a thought process and decide whether or not to act on it. I have noticed a profound change in all areas of my life including my musical abilities. My family and I are now benefiting from a more calm, and appropriate person."
"I have been on Lamictal for almost 2 years. I&#039;ve tried various anti-depressants to help stabilize my mood disorder, but those always seemed to make my depressive episodes worse. Lamictal gave me back my personality. I&#039;ve recently lost my insurance, and cannot afford my Lamictal, and I&#039;ve rapidly noticed my moods changing once again. It&#039;s a horrible feeling once I&#039;ve discovered what it was like to not have constant mood changes... Lamictal is a wonderful mood stabilizer!"
"Been using for 4 years. Tried cold turkey, got through it and went back. First day of Suboxone and its great. Have my energy without needing the pills and no withdrawals. Definitely recommend."
"Doctor said my eyes were dry and scratched.  Said to use Systane.  Now my eyes are dry, scratched, puffy, and red.  Eyes worse now then before Systane.  Will never, ever use this product again.  Into the garbage go these overpriced  eye drops.  They said other drops were all marketing - guess what, my eyes didn&#039;t get puffy and red. "
"I started taking Vicodin in 1995. Eventually I started taking Norco and Oxycodones by the handful. After 15 years I would rather live in pain than live in the opiate hell I had created. I tried the &quot;rapid detox&quot; program my doctor offered. It&#039;s kind of funny that a pain management MD would give you opiates for years and then try to sell you a $25k rapid detox service. Thank goodness I discovered Suboxone and a good doctor. I started at 8mg and I have tapered down to 2mg. I feel better and better every day. You have to want to be clean but the Suboxone will help more than anything available. The best part is you feel so much better after your very first dose, more energy, a better outlook and it works."
"This medication is amazing if used as designed. For years I have suffered with gripping panic attacks that turned into seizures if they were real bad.  I got to the point that I couldn&#039;t ride in a car with someone. It was bleak. I&#039;m a young guy and avoided going out with people even girls. Lorazepam paired with (more importantly) CBT. Has turned me about 80% back to &quot;normal&quot; use it as needed. Do not rely on it. Was going though 30 a month, now it&#039;s 30 a year. Be responsible and talk to someone. Medication is a way out, not a crutch to use forever. Cognitive behavioral therapy is where you make real strides!! Sorry to get preachy but I dislike drug &quot;abuse&quot;"
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about 3 months now. It&#039;s worked since clearly I am not pregnant lol. That being said, I&#039;ve only had 1 period since I&#039;ve had it and it lasted about a week and a half. Before I got that period I had the worst cramps I&#039;ve ever had. My other side effects were right after I got it I had heartburn for about 2 weeks and I was nauseous at night for a couple of days. But I powered through that and I have been completely normal now except no periods. I&#039;m very happy I made the choice to get this implant. 

Side note- I&#039;m not a doctor and I don&#039;t know this for sure but I&#039;ve kind of noticed from the many reviews I read that the majority of women who have had bad side effects are women who have had a baby and then got the implant"
"An amazing drug
FINALLY relief! Have had shots, lidocaine pads, OTC, scripts NOTHING really provided RELIEF! Can&#039;t recall the last time I was pain free! Podiatrist prescribed for plantar fasciitis
Relieved it as well as OA in knees....small amt. twice per day, pep in,y step...finally!!"
"I chose to write this review because I read through these before I got my liletta put in yesterday. I had a baby 6 weeks ago and I felt absolutely nothing during insertion. I was on my period when I went in to have the IUD put in and it has completely ended. I had no cramping and bleeding stopped overnight. The string did bother me for a few hours mostly when I walked but I can no longer feel it when I move. I have previously used the pill and the depo shot (absolute worst decision I&#039;ve ever made!) and so far after just one day this is definitely better! Everyone is different and I do tend to have a high pain tolerance, but it will also depend on the doctor. The whole procedure took 10 minutes once the doctor came in and then I was leaving!"
"Today I had some very severe back pain and after trying some other medications that did not work well at all, they gave me i.v. Ativan and the spasms stopped almost immediately."
"Took Ortho Tri Cyclen LO for 3 years, and at the same time I started it, I became engaged. Went from semi normal emotionally to severely psychotic- depression, anxiety, thoughts of suicide, etc. I chalked it up to marriage jitters. I suffered for about a year after that before I read something about birth control causing mental problems so I stopped the pill altogether. A month later I started Aviane because I was paranoid I&#039;d get pregnant. Miraculously the bad thoughts and depression/anxiety disappeared within 2 months.  The downside is my skin is horrible since I started this pill. I had flawless skin on Orthro Tri-cyclen LO, but I will take zits over anything. If you struggle with depression I&#039;d give this pill a try."
"Been taking for years for nausea from Irritable Bowel Syndrome etc. Works great and quickly! Get restless legs next day but that ends quickly. Heard that if taking it regularly long term you should have liver and kidneys monitored as it can do damage to them!"
"I have severe bruising on my arms from very thin skin. I have debated for a long time about taking Plavix. I started taking it 9 years ago when I had a very mild heart attack and a stent in a 90% blocked artery. There was another artery that was 60% blocked which they told me should be watched. 6 months ago , I had a heart catheter and they said the blockage was gone, and they didn&#039;t know why.  My Doctor said that I should continue taking Plavix, and that stopping probably wouldn&#039;t help the bruising and thin skin.  So that is what I will do."
"This is an update, now completed four weeks on Saxenda and experienced a 27 pound weight loss. Began at 284lbs, now 257lbs.  I&#039;m a 55yo male and 6&#039; tall. Now on full maintenance dose of 3.0. Still able to get through the day without feeling hungry and finding that two or three small meals per day satisfy what little appetite I have. The worst thing for me was the sensation of nausea over the first three weeks, but that has now disappeared. Still feeling a bit lethargic, hoping that will abate in time also. The cost in Australia for this medication is $380 a month and not covered by most insurance companies. I get a real boost when trying on new clothes, now one or two sizes smaller, a definite sign the medication and effort are working."
"I first was prescribed 10 mg of Belviq and was happy because none of the other pills I went on worked.  I took my first pill in the morning and it did not affect my appetite nor did I have any side effects.  After one week with no changes I started on 2 pills twice a day.  Unfortunately for me I still did not have a curbed appetite and no side effects.  I am wondering if anyone else took these same pills with no affects at all?"
"So for constipation, 10 stars! It worked fast too but if you are not taking your pain pills, do not take! I thought I&#039;d be ok with the fentanyl patch in my system as I had not needed one of my oxycodone that day and I had horrible side effects of withdrawal symptoms, fever, chills, couldn&#039;t get warm then would sweat real bad it was terrible. I thought I had an infection again because those side effects mimic infection too. Today I really want to take one but am scared, should I take it BEFORE I take my pain pills? What works best? I&#039;m already constipated, don&#039;t need to be feeling sick also! Thanks!"
"Hands down best BC ever for me. Have my sex drive back. Occasional breakthrough bleed but that happens with a lot of bcs. It&#039;s awesome."
"During my periods I had intense cramps and heavy bleeding.That&#039;s why I chose the convenience of this birth control.I got my inplant put in July 31st 2015. Midway in August I experienced intense pain while laying down, as if I literally was stabbed. As soon as I got up I had major shedding of my walls.September 8th I started my period, ever since than I have been bleeding. During April I went to my gyno and she ran a test stating it could be an infection. Results came back that&#039;s not the issue. I have gained almost 30lbs during this time. I&#039;m extremely irritable and get upset over the smallest things. I&#039;m no longer am able to self lubricat, which makes intercourse painful. Overall for me it isnt worth it."
"Love it. No period. I have gained weight but need to change my diet anyways. I have PMDD and this pill really has changed my life for the better."
"I am currently sitting on my bed with an ice pack on my vag. I used the equate brand cream. I inserted it and within 5 minutes, my vag was itching HORRIBLY! Then came the burning and this is 100 times worse than the yi. How is this even sold to the public without a warning??? DO NOT BUY THIS!"
"I found the reviews helpful,  In March I had a shot of Cortisone in my right knee.  It was effective for 5 months.  When my pain returned the doctor recommended Ortho Visc.  I had 3 treatments, each a week apart,  I had relief after a few days, but it didn&#039;t last.  I had the final injection on August 30th.  It really hurt, and I was light-headed afterwards, and could hardly walk.  The PA that gave me the last treatment had me rest until I felt OK to walk and drive.  He told me to mark 3 weeks on the calendar, at which time I  would feel no pain.  (Did that mean I would be dead?!)  After 8 days I am almost pain free!  Now to see how long it lasts."
"I&#039;ve been getting Orthovisc knee injections for over 11 years, although not last year, 2015 due to no work time off.  Recently moved to Charlottesville, VA and just had my 3rd, final, injection today, 8/4/2016 (good for 6 months).  Found best orthopedic yet (I have a steel rod, torn ACL, no cartilage, bone on bone, bone spurs, left leg, started in &#039;98 with broken tibia).  The PA at UVA, Nick, best yet, yes stings, and you feel the pressure of additional fluid for first day.  Well worth it and looking forward to wakeboarding next week, and longer hours on the slopes snowboarding this coming up ski season.  Makes a huge difference, and has always.  I&#039;m 51, too young for full knee replacement, and not sure I want to go through that anyway."
"I had spinal fusion in lower lumbar region 9 years ago.  I was fine until August &#039;08.  I had such severe sciatic pain doctor progressively put me on Ultram ER 200mg 1x / day.  It worked great.  Pain went away after 4 months.  I stopped taking Ultram and now I am dealing with withdrawal symptoms.  PAY ATTENTION to warnings about long term usage."
"This medication was God awful to me. I was on Lexapro for 3 years when they suddenly switched me to Effexor while slowly weaning me of the Lexapro. The first few days were hell. I couldn&#039;t sleep for more than a few hours each night and became irritable and physically ill because of it. When I finally did sleep and wake up I had one of the worst panic attacks I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life. It was to the point where my family and I were afraid I would need to be hospitalized. I will NEVER EVER TAKE THIS DRUG AGAIN. I had only been taking it for 3 weeks when I had the horrible panic attack, the worst one I&#039;ve ever experimeced and which the meds were supposed to be helping me with, and I am back on 20 mg of Lexapro."
"I&#039;m starting my sixth month on Sprintec. The first month I had a decreased sex drive, and my acne basically disappeared. From then on my sex drive has increased dramatically, and the only time I might break out is the week of my period, which lasts for about three days. I didn&#039;t gain weight, get bigger breasts, nor have yeast infections or urinary tract infections. For me, this pill is amazing, though every woman reacts differently to different birth controls. I love this."
"I have had fibromyalgia for most of my life. Even as a child I suffer from severe leg pain. Each time I was given guaifenesen to help ease asthma congestion I always felt better. Today I take magnesium, guaifenesen, and vitamin D1000 x 3 and I finally have my life back. I tried Lyrica which locked up my jaws. Cymbalta and many other antidepressant&#039;s to no avail. For those of you that it doesn&#039;t help perhaps you need a second opinion on your diagnosis. I have to many friends on these meds that have reclaimed their life for this treatment to NOT be on to something. Perhaps more research is needed, but why would they do that when the medical and big pharma is getting rich shoving Lyrica, Cymbalta down our throat and getting rich."
"I am a 42 year old man who has been on Sertraline 100mg daily for about 4 years. I was diagnosed with depression and put on medication and saw a psycologist who was no help at all. The medication cured my constant state of anger and irritation and I could actually spend time with my wife and 3 children without flying into a rage! People wonder why I am always laughing and generally happy as well as being extremely laid back about situations. The big down side I have found with this medication is the lack of libido. The brain still wants it but the man stick does not respond too often. It can take an age to ejaculate and keeping an erection can also be a problem. I have gained some weight and I sweat profusely."
"This prescription is useless. I had worse troubles sleeping on this medication. It was a nervous sleep and woke up in the middle of the night. I also was groggy all day at work the next day! I wanted to return it after the first night but of course the pharmacy would not return it. This drug is such a rip off. Stick to Ambien or Lunesta!"
"I&#039;ve had endometriosis my whole life... Six surgeries.. I was on Lupron 2x.... Birth control pills.... Finally the depo was my last resort.... The first time it made me bleed everyday for 7 months... I didn&#039;t give up on it... It made me gain weight because it increases your appetite and u don&#039;t realize it until u go off of it.... I still didn&#039;t give up... I&#039;ve been on it now for 5 years and I have joined weight watchers and increased excercise..... I have not had a period in 5 years..... I don&#039;t miss the agony ... The pain... The hospital visits.... Being bed ridden for 3 days a month.... I love the Depo...and now I&#039;m making progress with losing weight so I&#039;m happy..."
"Overall I liked this pill. You get 24 days of full hormones, 2 days of less hormones and 2 iron pills. The packaging for this birth control is the best I&#039;ve seen. No confusing circles. Each week is a straight line and the pills are easy to pop out of the package. The days of the week stickers are easy to apply and clear.

I was on this pill for 2 months. I had break through bleeding the first month, which is pretty typical when trying a new pill. I unfortunately had issues with severe acne before taking this pill and it made it a lot worse for me. It went from just being on my face to all over my body by the 5th week.

Other than the acne the only other thing I noticed was breast tenderness. I had no issues with this pill beyond that."
"Silenor&#039;s active ingredient is doxepin. A 90 day supply of doxepin (it will be in liquid form to be mixed with water) costs $12 . I gave this information to my doctor and he prescribed the doxepin. My insurance company is not involved and this has saved me a substantial amount of money. I&#039;ve been using it for about four years and am very happy with the results."
"I&#039;ve been depressed, with high levels of anxiety for ten years. I tried several different medications and I finally settled with an anti-depressant to help with sleep, and also was taking 3 Klonopin a day as well as trazodone at night for sleep for seven years. So I&#039;m really thinking I may be on all these medicines for life and maybe be put on disability. So the doc finally put me on Prozac. It&#039;s been 2 months now and my anxiety has gone way down, I am less depressed, I no longer worry about things and am off trazodone and don&#039;t take Klonopin anymore. I have great dreams and wake up every morning with happy songs in my head, and I&#039;m much more social. Prozac has just been a blessing, probably saved my life as I had lost all hope."
"I take tramadol for RA.Early on I would take too many in an 8 hr shift as a CNA and find no relief. After a re evaluation of meds my pain is moderate to severe deepening on what I&#039;ve done that day. Otherwise I&#039;m finding my use of tramadol is to keep withdrawals at bay...They are HARSH. More noticeable when I&#039;m trying to sleep. I get extremely tired there is no fighting the urge- except when you try to sleep, Uncontrollable yawning, my whole body becomes HOT, sleep is not an option. Uncontrollable jerking of my arms and legs. Pains in my head, unbelievable gas. Did I mention how hot I get like I&#039;m in an oven. Sensitivity to cool air, like your nerves are exposed, but your hot at the same time.. Down to 2 to 4 a day tho."
"I&#039;ve taken this bc for 5 years &amp; absolutely loved it but have noticed that within the past two years I&#039;ve had no sex drive what so ever &amp; can not get wet. If it wasn&#039;t for those side effects I would keep taking it but I&#039;m changing to a new bc to hopefully fix that."
"I&#039;ve used Veltin for about 3-5 months , but i get lazy so I&#039;ll say like 2 months . I&#039;ve gotten complements abouy that it got better since last year , people will rate me a 7 or 8. If i used it more often , like every night I know it would be much more clearer and you can really see the changes about a week or two but you have to be patient."
"Works real fast,for breakthrough anxiety,or panic attacks..saved my life."
"I had a liver transplant in 2001 and was put on both CellCept and Prograf.  When my creatine reached 2.1 I was taken off Prograf and put on 2000 mg a day of CellCept.  I have had no side effects.  I only problem is the cost, I am now on Medicare and will be in the donut hole after 4 months."
"Only thing that really work for headaches but sleeplessness and a recent increased heart rate will make me give them up. Can&#039;t sleep if I take them at night. Sorry but they have to go."
"My doctor put me on this BC 3 months postpartum and I&#039;ve decided to stop taking after being on it for two months. I&#039;ve bled the entire time being on this pill, mood swings, dark thoughts, very emotional, nauseated  all the time, the bloating is so uncomfortable (prior to starting this pill I had my waist back and almost a flat stomach but now I look like I&#039;m a few months pregnant again!) I have no drive, low energy (I&#039;m sure from bleeding for 2 months), I just want to eat all the time, I&#039;ve gained weight, overall this BC didn&#039;t mesh very well with my body. I&#039;ll be going back to taking Enskyce again, which I took for 3years with no issues."
"I switched to the NR in September of 2014 because I was constantly bleeding with my pills.  I loved it! I did have mood swings right before my period and possible drop in libido, but I&#039;m not sure if it was from the NR or due to stress.  I recently have to stop NR due to it falling out. I started a new ring a week ago &amp; could not get it to stay in place, never has this happen before.  I went to the doctor and they had not explaination, so they started me on some pills.  They said I could possibly try again in a month &amp; I will.  NR is not cheap, but the company does have a coupon you can use.  If I can use it again I would."
"I&#039;m on Protopic 0,1% for only two days, and it has helped a lot, i think, in a week of daily usage two times per day, my AD will be gone. It has made HUGE improvement already. Only First time made my skin abnormaly itchy, as well as burning sensation followed, but in my second day, these bad sensations has decreased a lot, only itches a bit. I really am excited about this medication, very grayeful to doctor who prescribed Protopic. I feel really happy at the moment, after years and years of depressed mood and damaged skin."
"I love this birth control, no headaches, no acne, my periods are very light and manageable cramps. Ive been on this one for 8 months, the only downside is since it is such a low dose, your body&#039;s normal cycle might eventually overpower the pill, like mine. This could result in the pill being ineffective. Unfortunately i do have to switch because my cycle is overpowering it and am getting 2 light periods a month. I would still suggest giving it a try because I have had no problems with it up until this point."
"I started Yasmin about 3 months ago now and seriously had so many side effects- not only did it made my skin worse but I constantly felt bloated, was depressed, I&#039;m usually quite energetic but it made me really sleepy constantly.

I&#039;m  in my last year of my degree, so it really was not helpful at all! Luckily I found sense to leave the pill and already I feel better, I&#039;m not bloated anymore and generally less tired! I am still in search for something to cure my acne though. "
"I&#039;ve had this for 7 months now. I got it 8 weeks after I had my baby. The pain getting it inserted was very minor compared to the natural no med labor I had 8 weeks prior. My cycles were longer in the beginning and now I&#039;m down to three days and wearing panty liners, that&#039;s how light it is. This IUD varies from person to person. I would recommend it to see how it works for you. Plus my insurance paid for it fully."
"30 mg really helps clear up my sinuses. I&#039;ve probably prevented two or three sinus infections by taking this medicine as soon as I start to feel congested. The only downside is that it makes me a little bit nauseous."
"I wanted to get on birth control for lighter periods and hopefully alleviate some of the other pms symptoms I get pretty intensely. I&#039;ve only been on it a month but this pill has been awful for me. I&#039;ve had the worst anxiety and mood swings. I&#039;ve been nauseous, unusually tired, had upset stomach, and/or had a headache several times a week, not to mention I&#039;ve had light to moderate bleeding every day since I started. I&#039;m 2 days into the white pills and now it seems I&#039;ve started my period with the usual symptoms. My goal was to give this 2-3 months as I know it takes time for your body to adjust, but it isn&#039;t worth it for me."
"I can&#039;t say enough about this medicine. I became addicted to Vicodin and Percocet over the past year.  I thought there was no hope for me.  A friend of mine who was addicted to Oxycontin was put on Suboxone and told me about it. I found a doctor in my area who prescribed it and this has changed my life.  I take a half of a 8mg pill 3 times a day and I no longer crave pain pills.  It is amazing.  I have energy and feel great.  Only had bad side effect of nausea and headaches for the first 2 days. I highly recommend this to anyone with an opiate dependence.  It will change your life!"
"Extreme cramping and vomiting! Took 2 pills at 5.15pm. Woke up at 3am to the worst cramps of my life. Still haven&rsquo;t been able to get off the toilet and it&rsquo;s now 4am. Still cramping and vomiting but now with added diarrhoea. Will never take these again!"
"I was given stelara for my severe psoriasis and it completely went away.  I was able to concieve a baby, which at that point I decided to stop the injections until after the baby.  While I was pregnant I had maybe a few spots show up.  Now the baby is 6 months and my psoriasis is back, not as bad  but enough to make me want to restart my prescription.   While on it I noticed that I was extra tired the day of and the day after receiving the injection as well its not likely I could afford the 5000$ per needle if I didnt have coverage."
"Saphris has helped me more than any other medication (which were many, many over 12 years). I was blown away by the benefit and bewildered that it took so long for someone to prescribe it. I still don&#039;t have the strength and energy that I need but I am functioning at 80% to 90%. Before it was barely hanging on with suicidal periods. Savella was another good medication for me but not quite this good. The racing thoughts, paranoia, and insomnia are gone. I usually fall asleep within 15 minutes of lying down. Although I am having some nights of waking up after 3 hours. Just getting to sleep earlier and getting the required sleep I need has made a tremendous difference in how I function and cope. My side effect has been arthritis and weight gain."
"I went to my pain management doctor today &amp; he prescribed Gabapentin 300mg.  I have two tumors that sit on my sciatic nerve.....nights are very tough...can&#039;t sleep more than two hours at a time due to the pain.  I&#039;m hopeful that this will help in some way.  My doctor also told me I am a candidate for a pain stimulator.  This is to be inserted into my spine to send medication directly to the affected area and will help relieve me of the pain &amp; oral medications.  I&#039;m so tired of taking daily medications...this is a ray of hope for me.  15 years ago, I was told that I wasn&#039;t a candidate for this stimulator.  Thanks to the researchers  they&#039;ve made huge advancements and now......it&#039;s my turn!!!  Any thoughts?????"
"Had nail fungus of the finger nails on my left hand for roughly 8 years.  200 mg tabs, once a week cleared it in just over 3 months."
"Got this med for dizziness, it works after 2 days but gives bad anxiety and my throat is slightly closed which is making me waking up every 30 mins as I am running out of breath. This is a bad one to take."
"I have been taking this for 4 days and have lost 7 pounds. I don&#039;t have any side effects yet. I rate this pill as a 10."
"Took first part of prep with cold water at 2pm. Worst thing I have ever tasted! It&#039;s a salty grape chemical taste (if u have ever accidentally gotten perfume in your mouth it&#039;s like that with a salty grape flavor).  Worse than that was the intense chills and shivering I had for over an hour!  That being said it started working in less than an hour, no cramping or pain.  I dread taking the next dose because of the taste."
"Had bad luck with Ultram and never took this garbage drug again. I have Chronic Spine Pain and 23 Major Spine Surgeries. I have DJD, bilateral, lumbar adhesive arachnoiditis and Neuropathic pain in left leg ( thigh area) with anterior and lateral nerve damage from lumbar Spine surgery. Now have to take Neurontin 400mg capsules for this leg pain. Also, Ultram made me very uncomfortable and did not like the sensation whatsoever. Did not help my Pain at all and side effects make me tell them I am allergic to the drug. I do not want anything that doesn&#039;t assist my Chronic Spine Pain! There are plenty of opioids that help me so much better. Just have to work well with my Pain Specialist."
"Day 3 on Flagyl and Cipro. I thought I was having a heart attack. This stuff has horrid side effects. Discomfort in my chest and arm. Foggy headed feeling,  dizziness, unbalanced, headache, very nauseous,  metal taste, very blurry eyesight. 
No energy, at 55 it is not a good thing to feel this way, especially when you are overweight and out of shape. This is only day 3 I don&#039;t think I can take this stuff for 7 more days. They say the IV kind is worse though. Supposedly it&#039;s helping (I do feel less pain in my abdomen I think). IF I make it through this stuff I bet I will watch what I eat and make better choices in the future. I called the pharmacy and the doc and both said to stay on it, cipro 2X daily and flagyl 4X daily. Scary stuff."
"When I was 9 my grades dropped and remained at a c-b average compared to my usual a. It became harder to socialise and eventually I started skipping school 3-4 days out of the week. I had anxiety problems and was on the verge of depression. At the age of 12 my Mom in a last ditch effort put me on Concerta, which did not magically fix anything but within the next 2 years I was attending school regularly and my grades got better.(from an Asian family, grades are everything) I have to say I&#039;m much better but I took a 8 month break and returned to a 36 dosage which makes me sick all day, headaches and problems sleeping. I can barely eat a half a meal without having to force it down."
"I&#039;ve taken Stribild for a month now. After 2 weeks labs show that my viral load dropped from 100 000 to 860. Had diarrhea few times, and still have sometimes, but it&#039;s ok. My blood pressure raising, last time it was 157, my doctor gave me a prescription for Lisinopril. New labs scheduled for 07.12.13. we&#039;ll see!"
"I have been on Celexa for 30 days now and am feeling great. I have been through a lot in life, being only 22-years-old, and was in desperate need of help. I was severely depressed, shutting loved ones out, trying to figure out how I could make myself feel better. I didn&#039;t think a little pill could snap me back to reality, but I can honestly say that this is the best I have felt since I was a child. Only 30 days into it I can feel a MAJOR difference in my mood. I don&#039;t constantly feel anxious, I&#039;m not emotional or moody. I feel NORMAL. I really don&#039;t think I will ever stop taking Celexa. The only things I would say I don&#039;t like are that I have felt extremely tired and have been having extremely intense, vivid dreams. THANK YOU, CELEXA!"
"In my experience, this medication works where no others did. Fast relief of allergy-related eye burn, itch and watering. In my case, the soothing began almost immediately, and within 4 minutes there&#039;s no irritation at all. Wonderful stuff. With no side effects (for me)."
"I was on Mirena after my son was born. I kept having bad side effects for over a year including getting very bad ovarian cysts. I was originally on Microgestin 1/20 and I did notice a big improvement with the cysts and how bad my cramps were during period. Then I started to get a bald spot on my scalp. Contacted Dr just to be told that it&#039;s normal and to give it a few weeks. This was like 6 months after starting pill. Dr then changed it to 1.5/30. Hair did start growing back but I couldn&#039;t wear my hair up for several weeks. I haven&#039;t gained any more weight than before starting the pill but am struggling to lose weight. I&#039;ve read tons of bad reviews but for me this is 10 better than the sides effects I had from Mirena."
"I started taking Zoloft after experiencing physical symptoms of anxiety at random moments and cyclical mood swings with depression that had a very strong physical component (I had nothing to be sad about I just ached and couldn&#039;t get out of bed or smile) The first week I took it I felt like I was in a complete fog. I lost my appetite, had upset stomach and it messed up my sleep. Once my body adjusted (about 2 weeks) I had more energy, was more engaging with my friends and family and the physical symptoms subsided. After about 3 months I moved and lost my medicines and stopped abruptly. The depression and anxiety came back tenfold because I didn&#039;t wean myself off. I felt overwhelmed with life. Zoloft works great but it&#039;s very powerful."
"I&#039;ve been taking Gianvi for about three years, and have never experienced any negative side effects. I&#039;ve noticed my periods have gradually become shorter and lighter, decreasing from about 4-5 constant days of heavy/moderate bleeding to 2-3 days of moderate bleeding and another day of light spotting. Additionally, prior to taking Gianvi, my periods were fairly painful for the first two days, but this medication seems to have helped dramatically with my cramping. Now I typically only experience one day of cramping, and sometimes it&#039;s so light that I don&#039;t need to take painkillers. Finally, I always know the exact day my period will begin. Gianvi has made my periods so much more manageable, and as an added bonus, my acne cleared up too!"
"I have been eating a plant based, whole food diet (vegan) for the last year and taking this form of b12 every day.  I take 1000 mcg twice daily and this has not helped at all.  I have become more and more tired and just don&#039;t have energy to do the normal activities of daily living.  I have been researching and found many people can not utilize this form of cobalamine and have taken methylcobalmine with great success.  I took my first dose tonight and will report back.  There was even a doctor who reported that in his practice he found the above information to be true with respect to oral supplementation.  He did say that injections of cyanocobalamine worked but the oral form failed.  Sublingual methylcobalamine did work with his patients."
"I&#039;m 16 years old and have had on and off yeast infections before I  ever knew what they were, but once I got this one I knew why i got it, BUBBLE BATHS! so I used Monistat 1 at 11pm and woke up around 2:30 am with very mild itching not at all worse than it had been previously. I used more of the itch cream and eventually could fall asleep at 3:15. I have mild burning when I urinate but it&#039;s only 9:35 am so the medicine is still leaking out. I would recommend this product so far because it seems to have worked! I also recommend taking AZO cranberry pills because they keep your ph on balance, so I will regularly take them now to avoid any more yeast infections. I had a great experience and feel terrible for the women who did not!"
"After 60 days I saw ZERO improvement.
My big right toe is as enlarged as ever.
I am grateful, from what I read, that I never had any pain.
For this price for a generic, no less.,
I have to seriously consider having my doctor move me
on to another treatment."
"I received my first series of Orthovisc injections in November 2007. My doctor told me it would last between 9-12 months. It is now June of 2009 and I can rarely tell which knee is the &quot;bad&quot; one. I have returned to playing indoor volleyball for the past two years with no pain. Highly recommend this product."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia for twenty years. I&#039;ve tried everything and only Ambien works for me. Knowing this, my doctor suddenly wants to to try Belsomra and gave me all the free samples- 5, 10, 20 mg. they all give me nightmares. Not just standard nightmares- like the worst possible nightmares, vivid and frightening nightmares for hours straight. Then I would wake multiple times and be wide awake. I threw all those pills in the trash. I would not recommend Belsomra to anyone for insomnia. It&#039;s a total marketing scam. And here&#039;s the kicker- the company knows that this medication causes nightmares and doesn&#039;t list it as a side effect. Sad."
"I have only been on this med for 3 weeks, however, I am very happy with the results so far.  Almost total clearing of plaques on my hands.  I have fought psoriasis for many, many years and this is the clearest my skin has been.  The only side effect I have had is occasionally nausea and diarrhea."
"Out of nowhere, due to what they think is genetics, I got hit with depression, anxiety, and a form of OCD in my early twenties. The Lexapro was a life saver. Although, I still have negative thoughts on a daily basis, I&#039;m able to cope, and I&#039;m not miserable like I was. However, there is one common downside to this medicine that has left me terribly upset and frustrated. I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for a year and a half now and have put on about 20 lbs. I work out almost every day and eat right for the most part. I have not shed a pound. I&#039;ve never been this big before and to me, I feel as though Lexapro isn&#039;t worth it anymore. I&#039;m weening off of it with my doctor&#039;s help, and am going to try and cope with my issues with different methods."
"Please don&#039;t stress over this let the pill do it&#039;s job!! Lost my virginity to my boyfriend although we did use protection at some points we weren&#039;t using a condom and it was dark. So to be sure we got the pill and about a little over a week I finally got my period. I burped a lot but other then that no side effects. So please don&#039;t stress because I&#039;m pretty sure that&#039;s what caused my period to be late (:"
"I used to take 300 mg (prescribed) of this and it did nothing for me for sleep.  I took 600 mg (not prescribed that way) and it still did nothing for me.  Now I take 200 mg along with 200 mg of Seroquel and I fall asleep within an hour and wake up refreshed."
"Well I started this medicine on Monday and its Thursday and I am extremely sick. My stomach is killing me I sit on the toilet because I feel like I am going to go to the bathroom but nothing ever comes out. I have severe abdominal cramping and cold chills that make it even worse. My chest feels tight and I am so uncomfortable and grouchy because of the pain. This is awful I would not recommend because I was so excited about being able to go to the bathroom and be normal but this has not worked. I am not taking any more of this medication when it is suppose to help with chronic idiopathic constipation and IBS and its made it worse!! So upset I could scream..."
"This little wafer gave me life back ! I use to suffer every week ,at least one attack.Not only does this kill the feeling of my brain bursting through my skull but stops the vomiting . Saved my life ,I felt I couldn&#039;t continue my life with such a disabilitating condition."
"I have been a broken wreck for the last 6 months. My doctor put me on a combination of Celexa (citalopram) and 2 x 0.5 mg lorazepam daily. Been doing that for last 6 months and I&#039;m happy again and actually now getting married. All I know is you live once and this medicine helps me. "
"I&#039;m a 66 y/o female with what I think is &quot;atypical depression&quot;, meaning I am not melancholy and not unduly anxious, but suffer from what I lovingly call &quot;homocidal irritation,&quot; which can escalate to rage pretty easily. Lexapro (10mg) over the past 8-9 yrs has been a lifesafer, as any of my friends will readily corroborate. If I go off for a few days (refill issues), they can tell! However since my mother died 3 yrs ago and ended my 13-year role as caregiver, I have sunk into a very narrow life, with few interests, a morbid aversion to human interaction, and often a complete inability to get out of bed and tend to the simple basics, like eating, showering, and dressing. Have added 20mg of Wellbutrin to the mix, but so far no improvement."
"Lexapro made me feel good. I was able to control lashing out and crying. However, after a week of taking, something triggered me again. A horrible thing happened to me and made me take too much alcohol while on this medication. Messed me up and after that, a symptoms keeps coming up. Lexapro really made me hold on to my sanity but suicidal thoughts came up with the symptoms. "
"Have been depressed and anxious my whole life (now 44) and was undiagnosed. Was on Paroxetine for 10 years: life continued to turn to crap, wife left me, etc. Psychiatrist listened to symptoms and put me on 3 x 15mg Nardil. Still have suicidal thoughts and trouble with sexual function but it is definitely the medicine for me. Will stay on it for life if possible: at least I am still alive and food restrictions aren&#039;t that bad."
"I started Qsymia on 1/21/16 and it was prescribed by my endocrinologist. I&#039;m still taking the starter dose of 3.75/23. I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs in 6 days! I have not been hungry and have had very few cravings. I&#039;ve EASILY maintained a 1200 calorie diet for the past six days and have been exercising by walking (12000 average steps/day). I have one more week left of this dose and then I&#039;ll start the 7.5 mg recommended dose. I&#039;m 5&#039;11, starting weight was 235, current weight 226, and goal weight is 175. I&#039;m so glad that I&#039;ve started this medication."
"By the afternoon of the first day I started Fetzima, my lymph nodes were swollen and tender to touch.  It feels like it just keeps getting worse.  I&#039;m now on my 3rd day and have pressure in my face and ear.  I thought it was a cold, but after reading some of the posts, I think it may be related to the Fetzima because I have no other &quot;cold&quot; symptoms.  So, I figured I would share my experience so far it case someone else has experienced the same thing."
"No asthma systems since using this medicine."
"I had a neck fusion 10 years ago from an auto accident.  Then hit my head on a cabinet and crushed my surgical site and herniated 2 more discs.  I&#039;m much better now 10 years later but with a high stress day, I get muscle spasms in my neck and horrible headaches.  I&#039;ve been sick for 3 days with neck pain and headache, with nausea.  I&#039;ve been on pain pill, Tramadol, muscle relaxer, Skelaxin, and Zofran for nausea, and ice packs and heat to my neck.  Nothing working!   I took my first Metoprolol 50mg this morning and my headache is gone!  No side effects from the metoprolol.   I consider it my miracle drug.

I&#039;m a cardiac nurse and hand out metoprolol all day for cardiac conditions.  Who knew it was for migraine/headaches?!."
"After years of increasing pain I finally decided to try Euflexxa. Why did I wait so long?? After first injection I had absolutely NO pain, no swelling, no adverse reactions of any kind. I&#039;ve just completed my third injection and still no pain. I now know what it is like to walk without pain. Relief!"
"I&#039;ve had severe heartburn since I was a teen.  Tried everything from Tums, Rolaids, Zantac, Prilosec, Prevacid, etc.  Prilosec was the only drug that seemed to work, but I had to keep increasing the dosage.  My doctor recommended Kapidex and what a difference!  I take one pill each morning and haven&#039;t had heartburn since.  It&#039;s been almost a year now so I won&#039;t find out if it has improved Barrett&#039;s for another month or so, but at least the heartburn is long gone.  I can actually eat anything now, jalepeno&#039;s, pizza, etc. without getting heartburn.  Now I just worry about the long term negative side effects on bone density.  I do take a calcium supplement every morning as well just in case."
"My doctor found what he thought might be burgeoning skin cancer on my bald head. First time, he &#039;burned&#039; them off with whatever he sprayed on my head. Next visit (way later on) he said the spots hadn&#039;t gone away. He prescribed &quot;Carac&quot; (fluorouracil) if I could afford it. Over $400/tube! But my insurance paid up to the $20 I had to pay, so I went for it. Four weeks of dabbing this stuff on my head, and the pre-cancerous spots are gone. During the treatment my head got all scabby and red. Had to buy some cheapo pillow cases because I would end up bleeding on them at night. I guess the scabs got rubbed off as I tossed and turned.  Anyway, I&#039;m totally satisfied with the outcome and would recommend this cream to anyone who can afford it."
"I am a 31 yr. Old woman and I&#039;m on day 12 of the 14 day starter dose. I&#039;m 5&#039;8&quot; and I started at 304.6lbs. Today I weigh 290.4lbs and I have lost 2 inches in my waist. I have high blood pressure and and my left leg is held together by screws so I can only do light to moderate exercise. I&#039;m eating 1700-1800 Cal a day and drinking lots and lots of water. In my opinion, Qsymia is so far so good and very expensive. You pay for what you get."
"I have been feeling very unhappy for a long time and its a struggle getting by every day. However I took 100 mg of tramadol for some chest pain once and it is like a light bulb was switched on inside me. My social anxiety is also less. However I am worried about taking it more often as I work in a sensitive field where your judgement can be called to question at any time"
"I have been taking saxenda for 3 weeks now. Just started 2.4 dosage yesterday. So far I have lost 12 lbs. I have also been working out for an hour 4 times a week. No major side effects until yesterday when I change dosage. The injection site is very painful today.. This never happen until yesterday.. Overall I think this drug works!! ( I forgot to inject it one day and I was really hungry)"
"I have post traumatic stress disorder. Buspirone was added to my Effexor to calm me me down when I began experiencing rages.  It worked well."
"Hi, I&#039;ve been struggling with anxiety disorders since age 17, specifically with OCD. I&#039;m 31 right now, decided to give sertraline a try, by myself, I&#039;m on it since March this year, that is like five months, honestly since first day I felt like a switch in my brain, three weeks later and made an appointment with a psychiatrist, because I thought it would be better if a doctor prescribe it to me instead of self medicating. I supposed he would increase my dosage to 100 mg but he said to stay with 50 and it is still working well with that. He also added me Modafinil, Trifluoperazine and Clobazam and doing fine with that combo, I&#039;m gonna review them later. They aren&#039;t miracle, they give you tools for you to keep going well with a good mindset."
"Great medicine this. I have just started it due to insomnia and manic depression also impulsive behavior and serious anxiety. It works very well with hardly any serious side effects. I&#039;m so glad because like many others on here I have tried EVERYTHING but its never quite hit the spot. This medicine does it all and I think life may start to have some normality to it. Watch this space."
"After 30  years of less than a pack a day I tried this gum (the patch, cold turkey, worked for a period of time) and I have to say it works well in that it eliminates the desire, quickly.  I have limited my use to six pieces a day and I generally have the urge when I would normally take a break at work - really seems to take the craving away and I&#039;m getting a lot more work done, for sure!  Stick with it - I&#039;m about to wean off (hopefully) using regular sugar-free gum as a substitute.  Good luck!"
"I have found Suboxone to be my savior. Got me off the opiates both prescribed and street drugs in the opiate family."
"I took Topamax for a month. It helped with my headaches very little and the side effects were terrible. My feet and hands would go numb several times a day. My short term memory was completely gone. I had a hard time finding the words to speak especially in the evenings. And the very worse was the depression and anger."
"Before I started yaz, my periods were ridiculously heavy and the cramps that came with them were even more horrific. I&#039;ve been on yaz for 8 years now, and I still love it! I have not had a cramp in 8 years and my period is REGULAR! 

My only downside is this: Several years ago studies started to show a slight increase in women getting gallbladder disease. I started yaz in December 2007 at the age of 21. By march (approx 3 mo. later), I had severe pain in my right side just under my breast. Turns out, I needed it (my gallbladder) removed. I am healthy and have never even been sick in my Life.  I&#039;m convinced it was due to to the yaz, as nothing else in my life was different. Easy surgery/recovery though, and no problems since! Just watch out!"
"I had Social Anxiety, and depression and some OCD thoughts, but on Zoloft after the first day taking it I had a clear mind, and I feel free and in control of my life. Some side effects though mild for me was feeling tired on the first day only, and not being able to fall asleep at night, but overall no side effects over here. But I am only on Day 2."
"Sumatriptan nasal spray 
15 years sufferer 35 y old only got sumatriptan lately and it&#039;s working well headaches would last 90 mins to 3 hrs now with the nasal spray 20 mins and its completely gone don&#039;t leave home without it now"
"I&#039;m a 44 yr. old female,  175lbs, and 5&#039;4&quot;. This is my second round of saxenda. I took in when it was first released with a good amount of success. Due to a change in our insurance, I had to stop for a year. Now I&#039;m back on again, 3 weeks in and I&#039;m dialed up to 1.8 and my start weight initially was 186. I&#039;m now 175. Has anyone had the extreme vomiting and head to toe sweating with upper abdominal pain? This seems to happen whenever I&#039;ve had bread or candy. What kind of meal plans are other people doing? It&#039;s really hard to find information regarding literally what to eat. Anyone??? Thanks in advance!!!"
"I&#039;ve waited for one year smoke free to write this review.  Chantix absolutely works.  It turned me into a suicidal mess for a couple of weeks but it worked.  I was a pack a day smoker since the age of 16 and had tried multiple times to stop.  I tried Wellbutrin, the patch, and anti-anxiety medications but they didn&#039;t work.  Stopping for a week or so was easy.  Staying quit is what I couldn&#039;t do.  That is until Chantix.  It doesn&#039;t seem possible that a year has already passed since I stopped smoking.  However, I feel as though I&#039;ve never smoked at all.  I have absolutely no desire to smoke. I pushed through it and am proud to say I no longer smoke!"
"Last night was my first night I experienced nausea and dry mouth and a feeling sensation like something was in my throat before I went to sleep. I woke up 5 hours later and I felt like I was going I have an attack because I wasn&#039;t sure what I was feeling was normal but I didn&#039;t have an attack. Normally I would but not this time and I do feel shaky but I see a lot of other people had the same effects. Seems okay so far, I just hope it helps with my anxiety for the most part I suffer from bad anxiety."
"Due to my having a variant GI system (with its own side-effects), my oncologist, in an abundance of caution, started me on Imbruvica 1 capsule in the AM, daily. Literally within days, the SIGNIFICANTLY large lymphs in the front and rear of my neck, disappeared. WOW! 
MY WBC&#039;s skyrocketed, but that is typically expected due to the mechanisms by which Imbruvica works. Oversimplifying here -- the abnormal (cancerous) cells, congregate in the lymphs. Imbruvica forces those abnormal cells out into the bloodstream, where they can be attacked and starved of the BTK protein, which they need to thrive and propagate. The &quot;dead&quot; abnormal cells are then flushed out of the body.
After 2 months dose upped to 2 capsules daily, and still tolerating well."
"I wish BuSpar was the solution I was looking for to help control panic attacks but it wasn&#039;t for me!
After 10 years of taking Zoloft (an SSRI) which worked to help control panic attacks, I decided to consult my doctor to see if there was an alternative drug safe for pregnant or nursing mommas. He recommended BuSpar and I so wanted it to work but not only did my panic attacks come back in full force, but I also had muscle weakness and these weird &quot;zaps&quot; in my head/ears."
"This is a miracle drug as far as I&#039;m concerned. I have struggled with depression, addiction and bipolar disorder most of my life. Until Gabapentin I was not living a full life most of the time. Since Gabapentin I have more confidence, energy and able to deal with stress so much better. I also sleep like a baby most of the time. I can&#039;t say enough good things about this drug.  It has given me hope and taken away that terrible feeling we all struggle with."
"I had gained a bit of weight during Menopause (about 20 lbs.) I am 5&#039;3&quot; and I now weigh 140lbs. I did get down to 135lbs but have gained back a couple of pounds.  I wanted to share my experience to see if anyone else noticed the same. I went to Medi Weight Loss Clinic where I was given this medicine for only a few weeks because I wasn&#039;t that overweight.  What I noticed was the increase of energy, that I had lost after menopause, I also lost all hot flashes, night sweats, and irritability.  After not taking the medicine for a couple of weeks all menopause symptoms came back. My friend had the same happen to her.  I think it would be a great for menopause."
"I started taking Jolivette 5 months ago. First, to all you breastfeeding moms out there, I have had NO decrease in milk supply. And that from a woman who had to supplement with first 2 babies within their first 3 months because of low supply and low weight gain. My 3rd baby is now 5 1/2 months old and still exclusively breastfed and gaining weight beautifully. So it doesn&#039;t always affect milk supply.  I&#039;ve taken different BC pills before and always suffered severe anxiety and depression just before starting my period. I was worried about starting another pill but haven&#039;t had any problems yet. My first month on these pills I had a heavy period, but haven&#039;t had another one since. I&#039;m pretty happy with these pills"
"I fell like kill myself after a week of taking this drug, very depressed, can&#039;t do anything. Stopped yesterday. Wast of money!"
"I took the wrong dosage of a different medicine (forgot which) it never did help me with my anxiety attacks. I went to my doctor about it and he recommended buspirone. I tried it for 2 weeks and it helped me a lot and I was happy but when I stopped automatically, I was upset all the time. I got back on it and I was happy again. Buspar has helped me a lot."
"I have been on Aviane for three months. I needed something to help me lose/maintain my weight after being on the Depo-provera shot (gained 20lbs). I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs, only 10 more to go! My mood swings are SO much better--the Depo made me a demon, while Aviane only makes me slightly weepy right before my period. I give it a 9/10, only because it makes me a little bit dizzy about half an hour after I take it. Other than that, my breasts increased in size (which I really did NOT need, but my husband loves it), my waist has decreased in size, I am happy again and my face is completely clear! I love Aviane and would definitely recommend it to anyone!"
"I&#039;ve been on Yasmin for about a month and a half now. I didn&#039;t experience any side effects for the first two weeks of taking it, and then gradually I started feeling more moody, irritable and depressed. My sex drive also went away around the time it would normally be in overdrive. I haven&#039;t gotten any acne from this pill, nor weight gain. I did notice that I wasn&#039;t nearly as crazy just before my period like normal, so it has helped with actual PMDD so far. I&#039;m now halfway through my second month on it, and it actually seems better so far. My sex drive has improved and I haven&#039;t been moody or depressed. Still no acne or weight gain. I think this pill just takes time to adjust to your body  for some people."
"I was hooked for 6 years on every pill out there. Suboxone turned my whole world around. I&#039;m off of it now and can tell you the withdrawals are bad only for 4 days. Then I was really tired for about a week. That was when I stopped Suboxone cold turkey. I got on it again because I relapsed. I weened myself off of Suboxone in 2 months and had NO withdrawals or fatigue at all. If you are hooked on opiates, this is the help you&#039;ve been looking for. It works. Call a doctor now and stop wasting your money on pain pills. This saved my life and my family. Thank you Reckitt Benckiser for this amazing drug."
"I was 7 yrs old when I starting with tics &amp; when I was 12 I was diagnosed with mild Tourette Syndrome. I gained 100lbs plus during the 15 yrs that I was on Orap, I developed medicine induced anxiety, cotton mouth, fatique/sleeping all the time, my menstrual cycles were messed up, my thought process &amp; decision making was not balanced, I developed temp. infertility, my prolactin levels were elevated dangerously high. I never should of been on Orap to begin with, Orap is for severe cases of Tourettes after ever other medicine has been tried..Orap is a last resort at a very low dosage...Please ...Please proceed with caution if you do choose to take this medicine. At age 44, I am blessed to be here today to type the rating of this medicine."
"No problem at all tastes watered down cough syrup.Get it cold 1st and don&#039;t stop drinking until its gone be by the toilet in about 10 min after drinking the prep and drink lots of water.Its all over in about 2hrs"
"This drug has changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADHD in my late 20s and I never knew that I could enjoy my family and every day life this much. I am very pleased."
"I have irritable bowel syndrome C&amp;D (constipation/diarrhea).  Lately the constipation has been the culprit. Which caused me to try Dulcolax. I took 2 pills within hours the normal cramps started.  Around early morning I still hasn&#039;t had a bm but I was vomiting with no end in sight. I lost 3 pounds within 2 hours from vomiting. Over 14 hours after taking the pills I finally had a loose bm. I can&#039;t wait for it to be over! I&#039;ll be starting a probiotic so that I can prevent this."
"Had  mine put in June 15, 2017 the insertion was a bit painful I had it put in two days before my period which made my period off 17 days so I was scared I was pregnant, finally get my period three days ago cramping is kind of bad but I had the copper IUD before this one so I&#039;m used to it but my periods are much lighter then with the copper IUDI mean I only need a liner which is nice so this is my first. After having it inserted I will update to let you know how long my period last."
"Had the worst experience with this gel. I&#039;m not the type to suffer from side effects and I reacted badly to this. It burnt my skin and went red raw for at least 4/5 days. It was also very very dry. Having acne is horrible but this cream is not worth it."
"I had unprotected sex on 01/08/2016, things got pretty passionate and my SO finished in me 3 times that night. I know freaking crazy. I took the pill about 12 hrs later with a full glass of water. I was fretting for 7 days because the pill absolutely did nothing to me, no side effects. But last night 01/14/2016 I got my period as scheduled!!! Hooray! Ladies relax, it works! It&#039;s crazy actually I was so nervous, and my SO decided to &quot;calm me down&quot; with some more sex (I know) I literally got it 30 minutes after that. I think it actually helped me bring it on.Now I have the worst period though ugh but I&#039;m so not complaining, as of now its better than pregnancy pain. Good luck all!!"
"NuOx is very effective in treating acne. It is to be applied topically, but do so religiously. If you don&#039;t put it on every night it won&#039;t be as effective. Otherwise, I would highly recommend it, talk to your doctor about getting a prescription if you are dealing with tedious acne."
"I was diagnosed for OCD mixed type. My psychiatrist prescribed fluoxetine 20mg. The first 7 days were very bad. Extreme fatigue &amp; tiredness, the typical &quot;zombie&quot; feeling associated with AD&#039;s. But on my 15th day the fatigue has reduced considerably &amp; my OCD thoughts have become very easy to control. Also I can avoid my rituals now. The medication has worked for me &amp; I think in the coming months will do me more good. I&#039;m grateful for opting for it as I tried all the &quot;natural&quot; ways but with a mental illness when you don&#039;t get results you tend to get discouraged &amp; leave the process midway. I wasn&#039;t getting better &amp; thus finally overcame the fear of medication. Stop googling as it will only scare you &amp; visit your doctor."
"Was on Inderal for some 25 years, then switched (because of insurance reasons) to different (cheaper) high blood pressure medicines. After several attempts at these newer medicines, had to return to Inderal. For some reason, Inderal stopped working for me. Doctor switched me to Bystolic. WONDER DRUG! I no longer have palpitations, blood pressure is 120/70, no more nausea, no more dizziness, no more fatigue. Truly a wonder drug, at least for me. ONLY drawback, its expensive. But what price for feeling good and healthy again."
"I was given fentanyl patches for my crohn&#039;s disease. It was a lifesaver. I have been on them for 5 years now and I don&#039;t have to take any pills."
"Fabulous .. suffered cold sores all my life from that first kiss unbeknown . I spoke with my GP about it she even suffered them too , we did not know they existed I guess the boys didn&#039;t either . In my 54 years this is the first year I can say that I have a drug that actually works . I also carry aciclovir tube of cream with me everywhere normally I put it on at night . 
Maybe I get immune to it but anyways last night I didn&#039;t use it and this morning one big cold sore had appeared. Just taken the dose of FAMCICLOVIR ONCE 3 tablets one dose .. I know it&#039;ll be fine now too .. I used it before in my travels in oz where I bought it originally costing about &pound;25 maybe expensive but so so worth it."
"Indomethacin is the only medicine that works for an acute gout flare up. Motrin and Naprosyn have never worked for me (since it first came out, docs are always trying to foist Naprosyn off on me. All it does is make me very irritated. either a side effect or the effect of no relief). I&#039;ve also tried other NSAIDs with no relief. I&#039;m prescribed 75mg three times a day for the first two days and then twice a day for two to three more and finally down to once a day for the remainder of the week to 10 days it takes to tame down the flare up."
"I have smoked for 29 yrs. I have never tried to quit because I was afraid of the withdraw. I started chantix 9 days ago, I smoked for the first week .but everyday I smoked a little less then the day before.I felt very proud of myself but I still feared the 8 the day when u are supposed to not smoke at all. I got up didn&#039;t smoke ,in the afternoon I tried to smoke a CIG.I put it out after hitting it a couple times and now its 2 in the afternoon the next day and I haven&#039;t lit up I feel good.not craving a CIG .at all so far so good. Thank you chantix."
"I have had my Mirena for over 2 years now.  It was inserted due to heavy bleeding and cramping, which comes with age, as I was told.  I am 47 and have three teenage children.  Overall, I love it.  I have thinner hair, but that happened before the IUD was inserted.  Ladies, this is a fact of life for many of us. Oh, and the weight gain too. Here is my concern:  My periods have been extremely light to non-existent, lasting about 3 days.  Recently, I had a two week period with a week off, then it started up again and I have been going for 4 days now.  "
"I started taking citalopram for 12 days. At first they started me with 10 mg but that didn&#039;t affect me at all so I went back to the doctor and they gave me 20 mg. I started to notice that my anxiety was getting worst which was the main reason why I started taking the pill and I also had some stress but I also notice that the hours between 2 to 10 pm my anxiety goes away for some reason. Yesterday was the first night in 2 weeks where I slept the whole night without a nervous feeling and today which is day 12 my anxiety through out the day hasn&#039;t really affected me. I actually woke up in the morning without the feeling of going to the hospital....hopefully every day gets better."
"I was 16 years old when I got my Implanon in May 2009. I am now rounding up to my 3 year removal period. I can honestly say I&#039;ve never been happier with a birth control. I don&#039;t have to remember to do anything! I weighed 103lbs then; I weigh 107lbs to date. I would safely say that the Implanon did not cause the weight gain, that time did. I do experience breast tenderness around the time of my menstrual period (which by the way is regular.. 3-5 days a month) and that only lasts as long as the menstrual cycle itself. The one bad thing I can say about Implanon is that is has severely decreased my sex-drive. Overall I&#039;m happy."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for a year now. Insertion hurts, so take plenty of pain relievers before and after, make sure someone drives you home, and breathe deeply. Periods got shorter and lighter over time, be patient. Cramps get worse, so make ibuprofen your friend. I had the string cut too short, so had to get an ultrasound to make sure it was in place. If you are sick of remembering to take a pill every day, have a long-term monogamous partner, and have nasty hormone side affects (I got migraines and crazy mood swings on the pill), Skyla is a great switch. Insurance covered everything except follow-up appointments. I may stick with this until I&#039;m ready to have kids (in about 10 years)."
"I have been taking this BC for about 4 months, it was great until the last month when I started getting headaches, quick heartbeats, lose of sleep. I gained weight in all the right areas so that was a plus. But I can&#039;t put up with the headaches, I&#039;m tired all the time and total loss in sex drive (which is weird because I think about sex all the time). Made me cry here and there but no serious emotional outbreaks. I switched to Azurette so we will see."
"Normally I would get my script for 90 40mg Oxycontin and 60 Ir 30s they would all be gone in less then 2 weeks then the withdrawals would set in and I&#039;ll be looking for pills everywhere even stealing to get anything to stop the pains from withdrawals, until I found Suboxone. I can go from taking tons of oxycodone to 2 x 8mg Suboxone a day at first then 4mg a day and no withdrawals. It&#039;s my MR. NORMAL PILL as my wife says. This pill works and I have helped out several of my addict friends get off there pain killers by sending them to my doctor. This is definitely a miracle pill. I can work and play with my kids like a normal dad. Again try it, guaranteed this pill works!"
"Emsam transdermal has given me back my life! From a depression so severe that I was non-functional, I am now back to the person who loves life and living. My doctor tried every ssri you can imagine with my condition only worsening. The only adverse side effects seem to be skin irritation and constipation. I still have a lot of stress in my life but I am now able to deal with my problems instead of trying to escape from the world."
"I was on sprintec for over 2 years with no complications then all of a sudden I started to get horrible abdominal pain and nausea ( I seriously thought I was dying) and no one could figure out why!!!! At least 2 trips to the ER, CT scans, blood work, urine tests nothing showed up, multiple trips to my gyno, prompt cares, hours on the phone. I noticed my pain would always go away for a week later figuring out that was when I was on my sugar pill week!! 4 months of pain $3,000 in debt later and no doctor ever questioning my birth control ( I thought nothing of it because I was on it for 2 years with no problems) I quit taking my birth control and all of my pain went away!! This stuff is horrible and I will never take birth control again"
"Hi.
I have been taking phentermine 30mg since 23rd April 2016. I have lost 7lbs I currently weigh like 205 I need to get down to 140 really. My symptoms have been dry mouth, interrupted sleep as I wake up like sometimes before 5 and can&#039;t get back to sleep. I was told the sleep pattern will change soon. I have had weight loss which is good but last few days my weight is staying the same where as before everyday would go down at least 1lb. Anyway I guess maybe it is slowing down and it will end up being 2 -3lbs of weight loss a week. But I guess that&#039;s healthier anyway. Oh I am in UK I think that&#039;s why your dosage is higher. They have restrictions here on some of the medication you have there that&#039;s the problem I think."
"Week 5 - I have reached the maximum 3.0 on the injection pen. This is what I have to say about week 5: &quot;so this is what it feels like not to be hungry, always totally obsessed with food and when and what I will be eating next!&quot; Woo Ho! I have had the best week! Been able to eat healthy meals, not pig out, stop when I&#039;m full and feel normal. I have lost about 10 kgs in 5 weeks. I am not exercising - just always busy and active. 
For fatigue and energy I take a multi, vitamin C, iron and Berroca when I need it for a boost. I will be getting a prescription to continue with this injection for another month and keep monitoring progress."
"I have a patient who was a wreck until he was started on Effexor. He has to take a large dose, but it works."
"I chugged 2 litres of water with 2 pills. 5&quot;3 115 pounds. Took it at 8pm, worked by 4am with very minor cramps. Cramps went away after each BM.  Definitely worked. Didn&#039;t leave bathroom next day though so don&#039;t make plans."
"I am about to start my fourth month on Sprintec. After my first month I had a very heavy period, but since then it has been slowing down, but I&#039;m still getting cramps. The only side effects I have had is some brest tenderness and the first month I felt sick after eating dinner, but that has not happened in quite some time. It is very affordable and was been working just fine for me so far!"
"I want to give my experience with this drug.

I had been in and out of AA , NA, and those programs for years. I even went to rehab. Almost died in a serious accident, and still I ended up drinking again, more than before. 

Nothing worked, my self will, the help of others (who eventually lost all trust in me), my involvement in groups or studying literature on sobriety - nothing worked until I got a prescription for Antabuse.

I have been able to stay sober for the longest period I have in years. And some very emotional things have come up since I&#039;ve been on it that always used to drive me to drink but I was forced to face the problems head on and learn to cope in a different way. Not to say it hasnt been hard. But It&#039;s such a relief"
"My thoughts on Cymbalta: Cymbalta has left me in a fog. I have no feelings- NONE. Driving is a chore as my eyes are excessively shifty. God forbid you ever forget to take your medication as you will be stricken with these obnoxious little shocks (which I&#039;ve recently learned were  called &#039;brain zaps&#039;.) My heart beat is erratic. My brain is unable to form the right words when I talk which causes me to pause when I speak. I zone out regularly. 
I&#039;ve been trying to taper off of this medication and am on day 9. The withdrawals are debilitating. I cannot focus. My chest and my jaw are tense. My fog has worsened significantly. Driving is dangerous as my vision is blurred. I am angry and easily agitated. I feel like crying but I can&#039;t. JUST SAY NO!!"
"I&#039;ve been on a lot of different medicines over the years and so far Wellbutrin ER has helped so much. I take 150mg 2 times a day. It interrupts my sleep so the night time dose I take Atarax with it. My mind is clear, my moods are better. I feel human again."
"I am 39 years old, was a new nurse and struggling with major depression. I had not been to a Dr in years and broke down crying at the first visit. Started 50 mg a day. Felt a little funny first couple days but now feel much better! Everyone noticed a change for the better and even got a promotion at work! Feel so much better and have not had any side effects!"
"26yo, 130lbs, 5&#039;9. Loestrin 24 Fe is the third birth control I&#039;ve been on. I switched to it after being put on a generic that was horrible. I&#039;ve been on Loestrin for about 2 years now and I probably won&#039;t change. It&#039;s been great for me. I never really had bad acne before but did have frequent breakouts. Since being on this, my skin has cleared remarkably and breakouts are much less frequent (usually during the 3rd week of the pack a few spots will pop up). My periods are extremely light ranging from nothing to mild and heavier spotting. I don&#039;t regularly experience cramping with my periods either. I have noticed some bloating just before/during my period but I haven&#039;t gained any weight since being on this pill."
"I started using Depovera as my birthcontrol and I was in it for 2 years plus.  I had no side effects until I gained so much weight the last year I was 120 lbs and now I&#039;m at 150 lbs . I will never go back to it. So I switched to the patch and same I have no bad side effects yet. I&#039;ve been on it for over a year, my weight has gone down I&#039;m down to
140lbs which is hard to loose weight for us girls . My breast sized increased , my thighs and butt increased good plus :) I&#039;ve never had problem with acne with neither birth controls . My mood swings are bad here and there . I love how my period is regular now and I know when it&#039;s coming. p"
"I&#039;m 19 and Zoloft has been a LIFESAVER for me! I&#039;ve had very bad generalized anxiety, social anxiety, panic attacks, and mild depression. I recently had been on Xanax then Klonopin as needed, but I felt as if those types of medications wouldn&#039;t help me in the long run. I&#039;ve been on 25 mg of Zoloft for a month and a half, and I feel WONDERFUL! The horrible, disabling anxiety I once had is almost nonexistent, and my depression melted away! My mood is stabilized, I have a lot of energy, focusing on school work is a synch, and I interact with others with confidence. Yes, I feel like a totally renewed, cleansed person with a constant sense of motivation! Zoloft saved my life! Little to no side effects either. Very mild antidepressant."
"I took this 5 years ago after a colonoscopy for my extreme IBS issues.  It totally changed my life so much. I&#039;ve been having issues again lately so I&#039;m trying it again for a 2nd time to reset my system. I still have occasional issues,  but NOTHING like it use to be.  This stuff has been a miracle for me!"
"Been on Tradjenta for 10 days. Daily blood checks show an increase of 40 points, up to 163, higher than I ever had before on Onglyza which was hurting my kidneys. Disappointed, because I am hard-core compliant."
"Take it exactly as prescribed and that means with a full glass of water. I did really well with the medication so far. I already feel better and I have both ears infected, bronchitis and a sinus infection."
"My almost 4 year old is extremely hyperactive.  We have tried the stimulant and they just make him mean and more hyper.  Clonidine before bed and 1/4 tab at noon and he is a different child.  I hated putting him on medication, however he is so much happier not that he can control himself."
"My 7 and 11 yr old children take 18mg and 36mg respectively. The 7 yr old also takes a 5mg Methalin tab at about 3PM because she melts into a screaming pile of shattered emotions otherwise.  Actually, that&#039;s how she was ALL THE TIME before she started taking Concerta. The 11 yr old recently increased his dose because he&#039;s getting older and bigger.  He was singing/humming/noise making in class again (which is what clued me in to a higher dose. He started taking Concerta because he couldn&#039;t access information when doing homework. The information was there, he just couldn&#039;t concentrate long enough to access what he needed. VERY frustrating for him. He isn&#039;t hyperactive like the other child, so he was diagnosed at a later age. Side effects: sleepless until 12AM."
"After years of chronic depression and a significant suicide attempt, I was institutionalised. During this time the supervising psych prescribed mirtazapine.
This drug saved my life.
I am on a high dose, 60mg before bed, but I have noticed no side effects other than more restful night&#039;s sleep (I was an insomniac). My mood is entirely stable now with any depressive episode being minor and totally manageable. There has been no noticeable stupifying effect and I am not in any way sedated. In fact my career has taken off since I commenced taking this drug.
I understand that it is not for everyone, but I am one of its success stories."
"My dermatologist gave me some samples of Epiduo and I tried it. Now, of course I know the saying, &quot;it gets worse before it gets better.&quot; However, in my case it got much much worse, alot worse than I ever had. Bad enough where it greatly effected my self esteem. About two weeks into it, I had to stop because my face was burning really bad and it looked worse than ever. So, I stopped taking it because it was the type of acne that would leave scars so I stopped and used the other sample he gave me, which is Tazorac gel 0.1. Since I&#039;ve been using that, it has cleared up my skin very well. Still have improvements to go but I like what results I&#039;m seeing now. So,   Epiduo didn&#039;t work for me but I guess it does for some people."
"I have only been on this medicine for about two weeks at 20mg but it has completely changed me! It&#039;s awesome! I suffer from Depression, Anxiety, and ADD and was prescribed Lexapro to help with me depression and anxiety, it bumped up my mood a little but I still had depression and anxiety symptoms. The first day I took Vyvanse it kicked in after an hour and automatically I was more awake, happy, confident, talkative, and focused! It helped me so much with college when before I was failing almost all my classes I am in such a better mood now LIFE IS GREAT! The only down side so far is it makes me really hungry at times and I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep through out the night but it&#039;s worth it!!"
"Since I got on BC my hair has been falling out ,even now since I&#039;ve been off it..ughhh wish I had done more research."
"I am bi-polar and have been on Lamictal for 5 years but I was still having issues with depression so my doctor suggested Wellbutrin SR. The first 3 weeks I was on it I wasn&#039;t impressed and thought about discontinuing it. I was spacey and had horrible headaches. But I&#039;m so glad I gave it a chance. Started to feel less depressed after a month of taking it and I&#039;m in my 4th month and I still have my moments but overall my outlook on life is much more positive. I also hoped it would help me quit smoking and lose weight. Only the later happened but still quitting smoking is pretty awesome. I&#039;ve tried so many things to quit and nothing helped until this. I&#039;m still not at 100% but still a big improvement. I totally recommend this."
"Being a severe epileptic I&#039;ve had insomnia for years as well as some thyroid probs that lead to increased BP/HR.  I originally tried Lunesta /ambien and they caused pretty nasty side effects (doing stuff and not remembering etc) plus they stopped working pretty quickly.  My PCP   eventually placed me on 30mg tablet of Temazepam (from my understanding though not many drs in the US like to prescribe this med due to possible dependency issues etc). While it&#039;s only supposed to be used on a short term basis I&#039;ve actually been taking it for about a year almost every night (sometimes I don&#039;t),  when I don&#039;t take it i haven&#039;t noticed any unpleasant side effects.  It just slowly puts me while watching TV to a great  restful sleep. Def recommend!!"
"Everyone makes the paragard out to be some big bad monster. The ONLY negative thing about getting off the pill and onto the paragard for me was I&#039;ve had a little bit of acne since I&#039;m not on hormones anymore. It felt like a pinch when I got it inserted. I had moderate cramps for two days and that&#039;s it, and it didn&#039;t make my period heavier AT ALL. It really isn&#039;t that bad! The only worry I had was that there were 43 days between my first and second period on paragard."
"Honestly this medication was awful and the doctor who prescribed it failed to mention that it made it impossible to think. I think it&#039;s abusive to give this medication out for people who are not schizophrenic. It&#039;s just another way for people to take away autonomy and to force us autistic people into harmful therapies that deny us our humanity."
"Been in terrible pain for two years. Finally went to doctor, went through typical steps of pain meds....tramadol, Mobix then finally Norco. What a relief."
"Worked great for me, some pain but when I was done my face was like a baby&#039;s butt. Stay home for 30 days"
"I  am 24 and have had med. level acne on my face for many years, and more recently on my shoulders. I started Accutane March 2016 at 20mg. Apr 30mg and next week -May 40mg. Symptoms in March; chapped lips, dry face, body aches, blurry vision, new oil pimples. April- My symptoms changed to; eyes sensitive to sunlight, heart burn with greasy foods, body aches, dryness, dry hair/split ends/thinner hair, and my skin has a slower healing process now so any pimples I have touched will stay for weeks. Also, I have noticed that on the days I do drink one gallon of water or more my symptoms go away. I also eat healthy and I try to take daily vitamins. Choose a reputable derm!"
"I didn&#039;t experience or notice any of the side effects until I started having the metal taste.  This started happening on day 7.  After reading all the side effects I realized that I did suffer from the excess heart rate, nightmares, lethargic, wanting to sleep all the time and of course the metal taste....I could only think it&#039;s similar to keeping a large amount of dirty pennies in your mouth for several hours.  I only get the taste towards the evening and all night."
"I have taken it for about a year and I no longer have cramps, I have lost weight, and my pimples have vanished. My friend however took it and got light headed. This is not for everyone but it works for me and I am not pregnant."
"Took Tamiflu on day 2 of the flu. Was unbearably nauseous for About 6 hours after taking it. Like, wanting to die and just wondering how to get through the next few minutes kind of nauseous. So mad at dr for not warning me. I didn&#039;t take it again. I&#039;d rather have the flu for two weeks than go through even one more day of that."
"Restoril has been great. I sleep 6  hours and wake up feeling refreshed, no hangover effects. I took trazodone, Ambien, and Lunesta before. None have been as effective. I have very few nights where I struggle getting to sleep on 15mg."
"First and foremost, this medicine does what it says -- as long as you follow the directions.   The downside is that this is the worst crap I have ever had -- no pun intended.  OMG... I don&#039;t understand the people that said things like: &quot;it wasn&#039;t bad&quot; or &quot;tastes nice like cherry cough syrup&quot;.   I found it to be completely disgusting.  I had gagging sensations and a bit of vomiting, but I did get it down.     Thank goodness I read the reviews about drinking it cold and sucking a lemon or lime after each gulp.  That&#039;s the only thing that got me through.   I completely messed up with the first dosage because it tasted so bad, I kept adding additional water to the cup to continue the dilution process.  I hope and pray that doesn&#039;t negate exam."
"Been on it for over a year. I take 0-100 mg a night as needed, but typically it&#039;s 100. After the first two weeks I&#039;ve had few side effects (at first there was dry mouth, headaches, as my body adjusted to it). Once I take it I have to keep myself occupied for an hour or two, not yet trying to sleep, but still relaxing, watching T.V, reading, etc., until the medicine takes effect. When that happens, it&#039;s very clear. I can pretty much shut my eyes and fall asleep within minutes. The only downside is that my already detailed and abundant nightmares are very much heightened and are often disturbing, which makes me wake up feeling disturbed but not drowsy. Would recommend."
"Having a positive feeling for the fentanyl transdermal system I would recommend it to anybody, but after using the 100mcg/hour ones for 5 years I have noticed that the patches don&#039;t last for 72 hours. I believe that I am one of those people who require change every 48 hours which will be conveyed to my Doctor in a few days."
"I started taking Effexor 3 weeks ago after finding no success with Wellbutrin or Zoloft. It causes some initial bad side effects (nausea, dizziness, tiredness) but I cant emphasize enough how wonderful I feel now! I thought I would never find a solution. Most effective medication I&#039;ve encountered this far!"
"after about 3 weeks on prozac, or as I like to call it CRAPZAC.
I was more depressed than ever before. Before crapzac I had only considered suicide a few times,
But after my 4th week I actually attempted it.
Thankfully my sister found me and brought me to the hospital, where they asked if i had been on any medication, and ordered me to stop taking it.

And I was trapped at the hospital in the psych ward for 9 days, having 2 sessions with the counsellor every day, strapped down to my bed for the first few days, and not allowed to use the bathroom for 2 days, this stuff made my life into a living hell.

After being released, I have now started seeing a therapist and now I&#039;ve been practicing yoga and meditation, with no meds, and I feel great"
"I had a major breakdown and was put on 50mg Pristiq, increased to 100mg. I noticed an immediate improvement (on the 50mg) because it stopped the uncontrollable crying. I have been on the medication for 2.5 years but got severe headaches if I missed a pill. I reduced the dosage to 50mg for a year and still got headaches and dizziness if I missed a pill. So, as I am no longer depressed I am coming off this medication. I reduced the dose to 1 tablet every second day for 2 weeks and this is now the 3rd week.I have now been without the tablets for 4 days and have noticed quite a lot of dizziness but no more headaches. I am feeling good about myself and have returned to my positive outlook on life. I am happy to be coming off this medication."
"From bad to good. 
Wk1, great. Obviously placebo. 
Wk2 was a low week. SO tired all day long. I struggled to concentrate. Work performance was affected. I learned that alcohol brings you right down. DON&#039;T DO IT! Some anxiety
Wk3 Another low week. I felt zombified. Tired all day. I could barely stay awake in meetings. I couldn&#039;t pay attention for more than a minute. Noticed my hands are shaking. Some anxiety.
Wk4 Better but still tired. Small up but still zombified &amp; shaking hands
Wk5 Less tired but still shaky. Mood is lifting. Strange confidence. Loving it!
Wk6 Confidence &amp; mood grows. Little anxious
Wk7 Definitely better. Small wobble due to alcohol.
Wk8 Feeling great. There is hope! 
Avoid too much alcohol &amp; coffee. 2 or 3 per day is ok."
"Great improvement with the patch.  I have joint pain and deterioration of the spine and my mobility has come back to where I can now do household tasks, go out to events, dining and visiting friends.  Started with 5mcg and gradually increased to 15mcg.  The side effects have been rough to deal with.  First the itching skin and then blistering. Swollen ankles.  Night sweats. Some of this is worse than others.  But how can I get this level of relief with something else?  I will find out about Kenalog spray recommended by another writer here.  Swollen ankles, elevate and ice.  Night sweats, do not sleep on the patch.  I keep hoping my body will adjust to the adhesive and medication after time.  I will keep using Butrans."
"I was diagnosed with RRMS in 1993. Tried Avonex,  worst side effects body pain,  pounding headache instantly. Stopped drug after 6 wks.
In 1999 had relapse.  Double vision, numb on left side, slurred speech, dizziness, fatigue, unable to walk without falling, my mind felt odd. Doctor at DUKE university suggested Copaxone 20mg. Started in 1999. Now on 40mg 3 times a week. Had relapse may 2016.
I have itching, welts, injection pain, lumps and permanent indentations."
"EPIDUO saved my life!!! Cant believe I didn&#039;t know about this before. I have been using epiduo for about two weeks now my skin cleared the first week. The first few days I used alot and dried my skin. Now I don&#039;t have one spot!!! I recommend this product. I don&#039;t think this product works for everyone sadly but worth the try! I have my confidence back and will use epiduo for as long as it works"
"I was prescribed this after going to get a checkup because I knew something was off, but I had no UTI symptoms.  I have just spent the last 24 hours shaking, with tremendous headache, nauseated, chilled, and with insomnia. I would not recommend this medicine to a sensitive female.  I cried until 2 am, and finally fell asleep.  I have abdomen pain bloating which was not there before, and it feels like a yeast infection is festering.  

I am going to go back to my cranberry, water, and oregano oil methods.  I also read about d-mannose but that looks more preventative.  Probiotic too."
"Lortab 10/325 is a very effective medicine for scoliosis."
"Endocets are the most tolerable of any prescription pain medication."
"After reading some of the reviews on this medication I was a little afraid so I held on to the medicine for a week until I begin to take it. My experience has been good so far and this is day 5. I&#039;m not a person who can swallow pills so like grandmom use to do, I smash them to crumbles and take with applesauce. My symptoms went away on day 2. "
"I am a 17 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD about 9 months ago. I had mainly B and C grades, I was scatter-brained, easily distracted, and extremely messy. Since I started Vyvanse at 30mg, I have bumped up to 40mg and I have no complaints. I have all A and B grades, I can focus on my school work, and get things accomplished in a reasonable amount of time. Only critisicm I have is the fact that is caused me to go from messy to borderline OCD. However, I like cleaning and I see it as a plus side to the medication. As is usual for ADD and ADHD medicines, I experience easy mood swings and sudden out bursts of anger, loss of appetite, and lack of sleep. However, overall I am extremely pleased as a high schooler who was struggling."
"I started adipex today and took it at 8am this morning...it&#039;s now 10:30 am and I feel hungry and don&#039;t have the energy everyone has talked about...I only took a half of a 37.5 guess I&#039;ll try a whole one tomorrow...."
"Zoloft changed my life completely and I feel &quot;normal&quot; pretty much all of the time. I was too phobic to try it and for 15 yrs I suffered. I wish it didn&#039;t have to happen that way. I started literally on 6.25 mg so afraid I&#039;d get ill. Went up to 12.5 then 25 and so on. I&#039;m now on 150mg and have had zero side effects. If you&#039;re like me and phobic of meds, start on a baby dose. Even when the doc looks at you weird, just do it your way for you. You want the lowest effective dose anyway right? Start small and tell yourself this will help and not hurt you before you take it. Each day it gets easier. Best wishes for a better life."
"I have been taking 14mg Prazosin per day (one/2mg tablet spread out throughout the day taking it 3tabs   3tabs   2tabs of Prazosin and 1 x 5mg Flomax) with a great deal of success with urgency/dribble factor and waking up (rarely). Due to taking my last 2 tablets at bedtime (= 4 mg Prazosin) I usually have a slow urination and within the first hour of taking my one Flomax and 3 Prazosin (=6 mg), I am great for the whole 16 /- hours of the day."
"I have Fibromyalgia and severe neuropathy in both feet with burning pain all the way up to my knees.  My local pain clinic prescribed Nucynta (for short term pain) and it completely took my pain away.  I did get EXTREMELY light headed and a feeling like I was high. Since it isn&#039;t safe for your liver for long term use, they switched me to Nucynta ER 100 mg to start.  It took 2 weeks to fully kick in and after a month, I formed a tolerance to it.  I&#039;ve been on 200 mg&#039;s for about 5 weeks now and I&#039;ve already built a tolerance to it as well.  This prescription has been a God send, but, I can only go up to 250mg twice per day.  What will happen to me if I build a tolerance to that?  I&#039;m very concerned."
"Started with low dose and worked my way to 300mg 2-3 times a day. Complete pain relief from slipped disk C-7 ( C-8 nerve) T-1. Minor side effects. (Emotional) Wish you all well."
"I&#039;ve tried several over the counter Acne medications and washes, home made applications and NOTHING seemed to work. I saw a commercial on Differin Gel and literally told myself, &quot; sure, another acne med that claims to be effective &quot; I figured, I might as well give it try considering I was beginning to accept my terrible acne.
I saw results in a week or so and so did my family n friends. I am almost 2 months in and my face is practically clear, even the dark acne scars vanished. 
I highly recommend Differin Gel to Everyone that is suffering from mild to severe acne, I promise!! 
I always apply the gel after washing my face in the evening, applying the gel all over my face and jaw bone. 
Good luck!"
"I had been taking 30 mg of temazepam but after getting out of the hospital recently I have not been able to sleep.  My psychiatrist added trazodone 100 mg tablets. 

This is a moderate dose and has helped tremendously.  The only downside to use of trazodone as treatment for insomnia is the early morning hangover, especially during the first few days of therapy.

It&#039;s not addictive, you WILL go to sleep, just take a little time."
"Its great. I&#039;ve been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 before and I was a train wreck. But now my periods are controlled. They last only 5 days compared to the 1.5 weeks when I wasn&#039;t taking anything. I haven&#039;t gained weight like I did with the other one and I am not so emotional. I feel normal except my sex drive really lowered and I get horrible cramps and bloats on my period. Which I never got before but I don&#039;t mind because I dont bleed as much."
"I am 38 and haven&#039;t had much of a problem with acne since I was a teenager, until I had my first child.  After having my now 2 year old son, my skin just started looking worse and worse and nothing I was doing was making it better. I even bought a Clarisonic (made it worse).  So I went to the dermatologist and she gave me Acanya and said to use it once a day.  This is only my third day using it and the difference is dramatic already.  Not every single bump and mark has cleared up yet, but I would say 50 -70% of my acne is already gone or almost gone.  Yes, it does sting a little, I try to not use too much and hope I get used to this or my skin adjusts.  Either way, I love this product and can&#039;t believe I didn&#039;t go to a dermatologist sooner."
"I have been taking Tramadol for about 7 years now off and on. I have suffered from lower lumbar area pain and degenerative disc disease and this is theonly thing that takes the edge off and still allows me to work."
"After 6 weeks on Doxycycline &amp; Prednisone for pneumonia, I got a mild YI. First usage felt like someone had doused my lady bits in lighter fluid &amp; stuck a grilling match up there. OMG the burning and itching!!!

Treatment 2, same thing. The burn and itch are insane!!! It feels as though Satan himself has taken up residence in my vagina and ripped my vaginal walls out to replace them with fire &amp; brimstone. 

NEVER AGAIN!!!"
"I get terrible flare ups when I&#039;m stressed. My father recently passed away so my stress level was extreme! My aunty took one look at my face and said &quot;you need antibiotics&quot; I&#039;ve been on doxy and azelaic acid combination for 1 week and I&#039;ve noticed a huge improvement. I&#039;ve also been using benzac wash which is good for acne prone skin but is super soothing and doesn&#039;t dry the skin... so far so good! Made a huge difference in my confidence too."
"I hate this birth control!!! I used to be on Ortho tricyclone lo and I loved, never had any side effects or problems. I was switched to tri prevfiem 3 months ago and it has been awful from day one. I have severe headaches from the beginning of my period to the end. I&#039;ve gained 10lbs. I have had a yeast infection every month since I&#039;ve been on it. (I&#039;ve never had yeast infections before). My mood swings are ridiculous. I never want to have sex. The list goes on. Do not get this birth control!"
"I&#039;m laying in my bed at 2:55 a.m with an ice cold wash cloth cooling my vagina. I&#039;m trying to soothe what feels like the fires from hell coming from within me! I&#039;m 7 1 /2 months pregnant, with gestational diabetes and this is one of only 3 yeast infections I&#039;ve ever had in my 21 years of living. My OB/GYN recommended the Monistat 3 day to me before treating me with a prescription.  I&#039;m calling him first thing tomorrow to tell him to stick his bits in a meat grinder and pour gasoline on it because that would be the equivalent to the pain I&#039;m currently feeling! I followed all of the directions exactly and I read that there could be minor burning as a side effect but this is not minor! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!"
"It lowered my cholesterol to a normal range. Only side effect was gas. Reduced the dose and gas went away. Recommend this product as an alternative to Zocor or Zetia."
"I have taken Strattera for almost 5 years now and its a wonder drug for me personally.  Without this drug my mind really really races and I can help it with exercise and things like that to get the energy out, but I&#039;m not on the same beat as others.  When I take Strattera, everything slows down and I&#039;m on the same beat and wavelength as everyone else.  Social conversations go better and I&#039;m able to stay on task with work and actually get things done.

I&#039;ve found taking it on an empty stomach can be bit sickening, but other than that no downsides for me.  I take 40 mg 1 or 2x a day as needed and find it wears off in 6-8 hours for me.

I&#039;m extremely ADHD but have no depression at all, very happy person always have been."
"After many years of severe menstrual cramps and using just about every other NSAID on the market, my doctor prescribed me Ponstel and it was a God-send. It was well worth the extra copay. It was the only NSAID I took, with which I did not have to extra Tylenol with codeine or Vicodin to get relief."
"I got my Implanon in June of 09... I love it! Haven&#039;t had any adverse reactions! I had a very light period about a month after it was put in..And haven&#039;t had one since! This is ideal for me.. I too have tried many other forms of birth control..and had no luck! This is a very worry free option for me..Very happy with it!"
"I am looking for some help/advice/similar experiences. (I am based in the UK)

I had the nexplanon implant inserted two years ago when I was 17. Periods ceased for 18 months, and gradually returned in November. 8 months later I am now getting my period every other week (not too heavy but enough for me to need to change everything to prevent the dreaded leakage!) however, for the dry week between that I am experience all the pre period symptoms blooming sore boobs/tiredness (probably due to low iron), nose bleeds (which occur even when I laugh too hard...) and the odd tinge of sadness- which is not like me at all because I am a glass half full gal. 

Has anyone had similar experiences? I am tired all the time and have really had ENOUGH!!! "
"Started Enbrel 6 weeks ago and after 2 years of constant pain despite taking a variety of drugs - this week I can actually walk for at least a short distance without crippling pain. The remaining discomfort I think is due to lack of strength from years of forced inactivity which is going to take time to build up but oh - the joy of no pain! So far no side effects and hopefully I can regain my life again."
"I wish I could give this and my doctor zero stars. I told her I was doing just fine taking Loradatine and Montelukast, but she insisted that I take this, because &quot;I need it&quot;, so I stared taking this at 20 MG thinking it would help. About a day after I get prescribed this garbage, I get this nasty cough. It made my asthma much worse, I constantly wheeze and cough yuck stuff up now. Then, after about 5 days I start pooping blood. I&#039;m not talking a little, but a lot. Like half my stool is blood. And now, I&#039;m totally  depressed (And pooping blood, and completely congested) I literally don&#039;t want to do anything but die in my sleep. Sorry for the language, I&#039;m in an awful mood. I didn&#039;t finish it either, I threw the rest of it away."
"After a stroke in 2005 I had  seizures until starting with Keppra @ 500mg bid, now i&#039;m up to 1000 twice a day, and haven&#039;t been bothered by any side effects at all.  I&#039;m glad that it is available as a generic, now-  I use Levetiracetam, only $4 a month as opposed to the $720 a month Keppra was until recently."
"Lyrica was great as a pain reliever. It is not a pain killer.  The side effects were brutal - weight gain, swelling, water retention yikes. I only stayed on Lyrica a few months. I am now trying Robaxasil."
"I was reading a bunch of the reviews about Accutane and it is great to hear that it has been successful for these peoples cases. My acne was by no means a case to go to the extreme of taking this medicine. I agree that Accutane can effectively treat acne, but I due to my personal experience I would take extreme caution. After the first couple months of taking it others close to me noticed a pretty big difference in my mood. By the January 2009 the 5th month I was clinically diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety."
"49 years old - I have been taking losartan krka 50mg for 3 weeks so far with no side effects at all and blood pressure from 140/90 is now between 114/78 - 118/79, I check daily 4 times, I eat chicken meat with no skin 3 times a week , walking 30-40 minutes minimum 5 days a week, no salt, no sweets no alcohol and no coffee or tea, I eat oatmeal with skim milk and sunflower seeds for breakfast, brown rice with boiled vegetables, various beans, peas, walnuts, oranges, apples, avocados, beetroots, potatoes and drinking 8-10 glasses water daily and avoiding stress, hopefully my next visit to the doctor will lower my dose to 25mg and see if I can have a coffee once a day and maybe a glass of red wine 1-2 times a week..so far so good..!!"
"Married, 38yrs old.  After relations and sitting there for like 10m, he got up and I saw condom &amp; he was sticking out the side, a big hole &amp; nothing was in the condom- so we knew where it went.  Crazy. (First time in 6 yrs this happened.)  Took plan B 1.5 hours later/prayed.  Saw online it was my day to ovulate / a fertile time.  2 weeks go by, praying, worrying. Had 1 side effect- cramps on/off the whole time, minor and also period like cramps, but no period, no spotting; I thought is this pregnancy symptoms?!  Last night had a tiny bit of pink on toilet paper / cramps &amp; this morning my period!  I am thanking God for this!!  It came 1 day late. - Hugs to you girls / wo"
"Hated it"
"After a heat stroke, I would have random, uncontrollable cry spells- sometimes for hours.  Also developed horrible anxiety.  I always had knots in my stomach, and sometimes in public I would suffer &quot;fight or flight.&quot;  It was just exhausting.  I tried Celexa 20 mg, and that made me cry MORE. So, a few months later I tried Zoloft. On 50 mg and it&#039;s been only 6 days. I feel more at ease, better when I wake up, and sleep better! Easier to go to work. Have the courage to try this, it seems like it is turning my life around for the better! Only side effect I have had is diarrhea but it it is a small price to pay for happiness, trust me."
"I just had Skyla placed about an hour ago. The reviews had me terrified. I haven&#039;t given birth before and also have a tilted pelvis. I was warned placement was going to be tricky. Truthfully, not so bad. I will say I&#039;m lucky. I was given a pill to soften my cervix 8 hours prior and an oxycodone and Xanax 1 hour prior. It took 3 different clamps on my cervix to pull it down to the right angle.. So 3 different attempts to insert Skyla, that pain was the worst. The NP said my inner cervix sphincter was spasming, which was out of my control. On the third attempt or finally went in. I have always had extremely painful cramps. Right now an hour later that&#039;s all I feel. Really crampy, but tolerable."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 10 months and have had no problems at all.  Some breakthrough bleeding between periods but not frequent enough to bother me. After all going three months without a period is amazing.  I have no complaints at all everything with my body is normal, no weight gain, I get some pimples when I have my period like I always have, no different if I&#039;m on a pill or not. Just have a bit of vaginal dryness but not a big deal using lubrication is much better anyway."
"I began taking 300mg of Gabapentin before bed every night and stopped when my migraines began to subside (as recommended by my doctor). However, they came back and I began 300mg before bed and 600mg in the morning. The medication helps tremendously. 
The only downside is that it makes me feel drunk, spacey and tired. I don&#039;t feel &quot;all the way there&quot; and lost sometimes. Which isn&#039;t great at work. But it sure beats almost daily migraines."
"I&#039;ve been on the ring since February. At first, the side effects were acceptable- my chest broke out like crazy, it looked like a had a severe rash, but that was nothing, since my ridiculous cramps went away.
Month 2, it got worse. On top of the horrendous rash-like acne, I also cried a lot. Then again, my period was so incredibly light and pain free.
Month 3, I had the ring in for about a week and a half, and took it out this morning. I&#039;ve cried every day, flown off the handle at the littlest things... I&#039;m angry and aggressive. I actually want to fight people, and I&#039;m so not like that! I took the ring out this morning, and I&#039;m not doing this again."
"Have been on Yasmin for over 4 months now to try improve my acne. I would say my acne has gotten 2-3 times worse than it ever had been in the beginning and I now have spots where I never did before (all along lower cheeks, near jaw area). I have been on dianette before and it was amazing so I shall be going back to it asap!!"
"The itching and burning from this medication is worse than from the yeast infection. I usually use the 7-day treatment with no problem, but the 3-day is awful."
"I was diagnosed  with MS in Dec 16. Had the most severe fatigue and leg numbness, didn&#039;t sleep for more than few hours for years. Had extreme heat intolerance too. After just 5-10 min doing exercise   or work felt like I was going to pass out. All of this combined made me so miserable I couldn&#039;t grasp why I would need to go on. Copaxone seemed to help a little but the injection sites were all like a swarm of bees stung me. Researched  Low Dose Naltrexone (LDN )and couldn&#039;t believe reviews. Emailed doc and he wrote script without a second guess. Take about 3mg every night around 9pm. 

Life changing decision. No bull. Feel better than I have in 10 years. Heat tolerance in about 90% corrected except for few off days. Energy is much better and tingling mostly gone."
"This medicine makes me feel horrible.  I get horrible depression and anxiety, sometimes I cry for no reason. Mood swings are horrible and is affecting my relationship. I don&rsquo;t want to do anything other than be in bed and cry. Cramps are horrible, I get really bad migraines and lost of appetite. For me is been the worst experience ever. I gain some weight I just feel worthless"
"Severe blood clots in my arms starting week 1 and I know for a fact it is from this pill. I do not recommend this to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on this med for 2 months, and I&#039;ve lost 22 pounds. Once you get over the hurdles like the jitters, headaches, and upset stomach..the med really is a dream. I have a binge eating disorder, and OCD. This has curbed that need to keep eating, and a lot of other problems related to the OCD. I&#039;m less obsessive which leads to less compulsions, and not spending all my hard earned money on take out, online shopping, and other forms of useles spending. 

I started out rather heavy, 353, and I honestly can say it&#039;s really amazing to not have that urge to eat all the time. It&#039;s amazing what you can focus on when food is not on your mind 24/7. It&#039;s nice being focused, and I can&#039;t wait to see where I&#039;m at in a year! 

It&#039;s a 9 because it&#039;s $$$"
"I love it. It really works."
"I&#039;m only 16 but I&#039;ve been getting cold sores since I was about 1 1/2 years old. I used to get them about at least once every two months but now that I&#039;m getting older I get them at least twice a year. I&#039;ve had so many troubles treating mine with medication and have tried everything!! When i get them I get them EVERYWHERE, I even have intense scar tissue on my chin from previous infections. Usually I let it takes it&#039;s natural course as medicines only seem to make it more painful. But my doctor prescribed Denavir and I tried it and at first I was skeptical, I had intense pain at application, but 10 minutes later the swelling was completely gone and had NO pain. I use it more as a pain reliever than anything else honestly."
"At 45 - 2 bulging cervical disks (C2,C4), stenosis with radiculopathy into my trachea. Very strange and unbelievably painful. 4 years tons of epidurals, physical therapy, hot packs and, yes, pain meds. This one is a winner with a giant caveat.

First narco, then percocet, then oxycontin, then zohydro then... back to Narco. Not fun.

BELBUCA: It works... well enough. You have ZERO euphoria or any druggie feeling - you can function and be productive. The pain blocking sensation that a true opioid provides is there.

My only gripe is the tiny 12hr &ldquo;mouth patch&rdquo; itself. This is a disaster and has caused several destroyed patches that refused to insert and stck to finger. HUGELY frustrating. Will not properly dose unless applied perfectly."
"The WORST night of my life. I can only imagine that this would be what someone would experience if they took hallucinogenic drugs.  HORRIBLE nightmares, a sensation that my chest and arms were being restricted, burning.  Woke after every VIOLENT nightmare, trying to forget what I&#039;d just dreamt. 
Headache this morning and TOTAL recall of a night filled with terrible dreams. I am throwing this away!!!!!"
"Needed a birth control without Hormones. Two days before the procedure I had to take cytotec twice a day until the procedure to soften my cervix. I had really bad cramping, light bleeding, and acid reflux from the cytotec. On the day of IUD insertion, I took Valium... This did nothing for my anxiety. If it weren&#039;t for my boyfriend being by my side the entire time during the procedure I wouldn&#039;t have gone through and would have begged the doctor to stop and let me leave without Paragard. I&#039;ve never had such a terrifying experience. I cried the entire procedure from pain and discomfort from being exposed.  Never had a pap smear so I never felt so exposed.  The pain was a 9.5.  I wish I found a place that used IV sedation."
"Been insomniac for more than 26 yrs. Never nap. Sleep very light 4-5 hrs sleep after midnight 4 long time. Finally went to doctor. We started at 15 mg, did nothing then 30mg with nothing...then 60mg which worked about 3 hrs after taking but woke straight up at 2 a.m. so I take another 30mg and back to sleep rather quickly. Wake up around 6:20 am and am ready to go.  "
"Retin-A is great. It helps a lot. It was september 2014 when I decided to go to a dermatologist. She recommended Glycolic Soap (Use night and day), Clarifying Toner in the morning, Clindamycin (night and day), RA Gel every night, and Skinlite cream in the morning for the scars. Last march 2015, My face is already smooth. People were saying that it looks great. Now it&#039;s June 2015 and I&#039;m still using RA Gel and Clindamycin, just to maintain my skin. Reminder: Please when you start using RA Gel, do not stop. The pimples will come back... Worse!"
"It&#039;s been exactly 2 months since I started taking Contrave. I am a 46 year old woman who started out at 274 lbs. I have lost 37 lbs and now currently weight 237. I used to binge eat a lot and lived a very sedentary lifestyle. I thankfully did not have any side effects other than about three nights in week 3 where I had a difficult time sleeping. I make sure I drink 16 ounces of water when I take my pills as I had been told this helps with nausea. I was surprised that within 2 weeks of starting I no longer had constant cravings for chocolate and other junk food. I also started off at 5 minutes every night riding on my bike / elliptical machine. I now average an hour 5 nights a week and sleep better than ever at night. I love this medication!"
"I have been taking Prozac for about four years.  My worst symptoms were: very disturbing, vivid dreams that affected my sleep; having feelings of uncontrollable anger; feeling hopeless and powerless, and wanting to give up at the slightest difficulty.  Being on Prozac has been wonderful for me.  The nightmares have pretty much gone away, I am much more calm and patient, and I can deal with the unexpected problems in life much better.  I think Prozac made it possible for me to finish grad school and has helped my career.  I don&#039;t feel addicted to it - in fact, I frequently forget to take it for several days or even a week or more, but when I notice the nightmares or anxiety coming back, I know it&#039;s time for me to take it again."
"Today is my 3rd day on this antibiotic. I had been experiencing an embarrassing discharge for a few months now. I repeatedly asked my doctor to test me for BV -- After 3 failed attempts to have my doctor test me for bacterial vaginosis, telling me that I was being overly sensitive - I finally sought a second opinion, and turns out, I did in fact have the infection. I am on my third day of the antibiotic (twice a day for seven days) and while I have noticed some uncomfortable side effects such as restlessness and night and mild queasiness - my symptoms are completely gone. No discharge, no embarrassing smell. Thank heavens! I will gladly be slightly uncomfortable for a week to rid myself of this disgusting, embarrassing infection."
"I was prescribed Wellbutrin XR 300 mg over two years ago.  Prior to that, I had tried at least seven other anti-depressants.  None of the other drugs helped my depression.  I am so grateful for Wellbutrin."
"I&#039;ve used Paxil when I was in my 20&#039;s for depression and anxiety. Paxil worked great for me. Side effects were loss of appetite for 2 weeks and taking long to ejaculate which I loved this side effect. Through the years I have been on and off Paxil with it working for me every time but I notice as I got into my 30&#039;s it made me very drowsy when taking it. Of all my time of taking Paxil I have never taken it for more than 3 months. I experience the brain zaps once only when I used it for the 1st time. Never had a problem going off Paxil since that 1st time. I would recommend Paxil for depression and definitely anxiety. However, the last time I took it in my 40&#039;s it was causing me stomach problem and made my throat feel scratchy all the time."
"Trinessa was great at first! I have always had pretty good skin and it has not altered that. I did not gain weight and my period was lighter. Unfortunately, I experienced a lot more cons than pros. First, I noticed that I was unable to control my blood pressure. It was to the point where I almost needed pills for my blood pressure and I have never had problem previously. Aside from the blood pressure I was over emotional. I&#039;m a very outgoing person but I found it hard to be around others these past few months because I was annoying! I cried about everything. I was supremely jealous if my friends hung out without me, and I&#039;m never like that. I would get sad in the middle of the day or night with no explanation. I feel a tremendous change after stopping"
"I&#039;ve been suffering from severe chronic headaches for two years and have recently been on this medication four times a day for the pain and it&#039;s helped me wonderfully."
"Cymbalta after being treated with Lexapro, most recently and four other antidepressants and enhancers, has FINALLY relieved me of depression and suicidal thoughts after seven years of being treated and hospitalized at one point. With all my heart I can say this little capsule has definitely saved and improved my life 100%. It&#039;s nothing short of a miracle to me."
"I have been struggling with Depression and terrrible anxiety/panic attacks since June 2015 it got so bad I couldn&#039;t leave the house, in fear of having a panic attack which is what happens when this horrid condition takes place, anyway I was laying in the bed had no appetite, racing thoughts, scared to take care of my children, afraid to be alone etc. The list goes on and on. I lost 20 lbs between June and Sept 2015 , with all this being said I have 6 year old b/g twins and I couldn&#039;t continue to keep going like this. I have to be a mother to my children I&#039;ve been on 40 mgs of escitalopram since June and went to ER with bad panic attack my husband took me. The ER dr put me on 5 mg of zyprexa and my life has changed dramatically I&#039;m me again!!"
"Started my very first pack in February, had heavy periods every 3 weeks for the first 3 months. But now, month 4 its normal and not heavy at all, no cramps and its regular which is great now since I am age 40."
"I was first told about tramadol by a friend. I was tired of taking Lortab for a herniated disk, at first it was good but after a few months of going to the doctor I thought maybe I would see if I can stop taking it and so I did. That was the worst week of my life. I went to the doctor at an insta care and was told that I was suffering from withdrawal from the tramadol and addictive. I was shocked my back doctor had told me that it was safe long term and non addictive. I then went to my doctor, he said no, no, but you should never just quit any medicine. So after a year I started taking more of the tramadol noticing I needed more to keep the pain away. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Tramadol 50 mg 4x day for 15+ years with no side effects, and very good results.  I have chronic sciatica, acute scoliosis, stenosis, and  arthritis of the spine causing inflammation with swelling in the lumbar area.  I was living with incredible pain till my PCP suggested Tramadol.  What a relief it has been for me.  When needed, I use Ibuprofen for the swelling and inflammation.  It has given me the return to my active life, which includes aerobics, strength training, QiGong and TaiChi.  

I have found acupuncture and leg massage the answer for restless legs."
"My hot flashes were terrible. A lot during the day and at least 6 - 8 at night. Waking me up, so can&#039;t get enough sleep. I took the brisdelle and at first I didn&#039;t think it was working. About 4 weeks in, I noticed a big change and now I&#039;m 7 weeks in and have not had one hot flash in the last three weeks. I&#039;m sleeping again and not sweating all day long. The only drawback was the first 3 weeks. I was exhausted, had some muscle twitching and a backache. All gone now, but getting used to it was not easy but worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on paroxitine 20mg now for 3 days. I&#039;m 27 years old who was heading for a breakdown, my nerves were terrible to the stage I could not cope with life, crying all the time, so far I am very irritable, feeling sick, tired, and just not feeling myself, but I am so much better! I am calm, I can laugh now, I honestly feel this can work. It&#039;s only been 3 days and I myself see an improvement, so hang in there. Don&#039;t read the negatives or you&#039;ll never take it or get better."
"I was diagnosed in 2009, had lumpectomy,  chemo, radiation.  Managed to continue working through it all. Then took tamoxifen for 2 1/2 years...had horrible muscle cramping and hot flashes, switched to letrozole after determining I was post menopausal. The major muscle cramps lessened considerably, as did the hot flashes. I took this for 2 1/2 years, just stopping 3 weeks ago. I have muscle, joint, bone achiness 24/7, no energy, tired always, feel like I&#039;m in a fog, tinnitus,  heartburn, slow metabolism with weight gain. How long will it take to reverse all of these side effects now that I no longer take it? I even quit taking ibuprofen because it doesn&#039;t do anything for the pains.  I am now 2 months from being 50 years old."
"After 12 weeks on Qsymia I have lost 20 pounds. Qsymia is NOT a magic diet pill, it will not burn your carbs, or make you change your eating habits, it does ONE thing and one thing only- it will KILL your appetite. My appetite monster on any given day during Qsymia is killed 70-85%. My weight loss has been slow but steady as I realized that my weight loss was 100% dependent on what I SHOVE in my mouth on any given day. I started taking the drug in early February (during flu season) and craved a lot of hot salty soups and comfort foods as I battled several colds and virus&#039;s. My weight loss was very slow during that period. You MUST drop your carbs, and boost your protein intake to loose weight. I drink a big fat protein shake every morning."
"I had back surgery (Laminectemy of L4, L5 and S4 , 8 inch titanium rod w/7 screws)in October 2006 plus I have severe Fibromyalgia and although Percocet makes me a little sleepy, this is the first time in 4 years that I feel relatively pain free. About 5 doctors were afraid of giving me anything stronger than regular Vicoden because of habit forming. Who cared if I couldn&#039;t walk or participate in activities. I finally found a doctor that was willing to help! Sometimes they give dogs more pallative care than humans. I should have gone to a vetenerian instead. "
"I was on Adipex for 1 year and lost a lot of weight. Before I started this I was 220lbs. When I was done my weight was 160lbs. I lost more inches then I could believe, I went from a size 22 to a size 14. The medicine works. The only thing I don&#039;t like is once I was off the medicine I gained my weight back quick and had a lot of side effects such as depression, moody, cravings, couldn&#039;t sleep at night, headaches. I went through the side effects for about 4 months after I was off the pill."
"Female, 28 and have been on Strattera for 5 months and it has changed my life. 
Went back to a college to finish my high-school degree, after having dropped out of high school in year 9 due to pure inability to focus. I was always in a daydream before this med. Motivation is increased 10x fold. I also had panic attack disorder with half a dozen panic attacks every day! About 3 weeks into this med and the anxiety lifted. Anxiety is 100% gone. No other med in my life has ever done that. Not even actual anxiety medications. 
I&#039;m more social. Have more energy and general satisfaction with life. 
I am so happy with this medication and truly believe this is an absolute miracle medication. I think this medication is more for people who have ADHD-PI"
"This is an early review as I just started it on 10/16/16 but the food cravings are gone, it takes less food to satisfy me, soda tastes terrible, cigarettes taste different and bad  (which is a surprising good side effect!) and I just feel better with less food in me. I have tried phentermine with no luck and usually had good success with natural weight loss until being diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and needing a knee replacement that keeps me from working out too much. So so far, I am impressed. I&#039;ll be back in a few weeks for a weigh in review. No side effects like others have had with mental fogginess or tingling. 25mg 2x day. Here&#039;s hoping my 235 can become 155 again!"
"After I had my baby in September, I decided to get Nexplanon. I got it implanted in November and had normal periods for about two months and then they stopped altogether!"
"Wow! Before taking this I couldn&#039;t even touch my foot, now I am 95% pain free! Brilliant!"
"To cut the story short got sex with my husband on my fertile day (14th day) most fertile period, so worried that I might get pregnant took the pill 14 hrs later. Feel nauseated, tender breast and severe headache but luckily after a week have my period now."
"I am on the last three days of the 2nd two week application step. I&#039;m using on my forehead and cheeks and what a mess. I&#039;m covered in red itchy weeping spots and blotches. I have nausea but that&#039;s the price you pay for baking in the sun as a kid. I&#039;m 62. This medicine seems to work and if you don&#039;t mind looking like your face caught fire for a few weeks to maybe save your life then go for it. "
"Relpax has been a wonder drug for me..other than having to wait an hour for it to kick in, I&#039;ve had no side effects at all.  The only worry I have is the neurologist told me that it can stop working if you use it too often."
"This antibiotic did horrible for me, it gives me bad migraines even though i drink a ton of water with it, I&#039;m on the second day and have a horrible migraine my spine hurts to walk, server leg cramps, joint pain too.. it&#039;s awful.. i will know now to never take this again... my body did not react well. the side effects are not worth it... next time i will be sure to tell my doctor to never prescribe me this again!"
"My experience with it.  The medicine works great for itch relief (pruritis) and anxiety.  I have Graves Disease, this was to treat anxiety temporarily after thyroid storm.  The problem I had with it was it made me to doped feeling to function normally.  I stayed tired and experienced grumpiness and lack of patience.  I&#039;ve taken Xanax, and Elavil before and definitely was able to work, socialize normally unlike this medicine, there is no way I can take it every four to six hours and function throughout the day. I&#039;ve never been one to tolerate antihistamines very well, I get the shakes etc., and  experienced the same with the Vistaril.  All that aside, at night it did help me sleep, help the anxiety as it&#039;s supposed too."
"Bydurean is working for me, albeit with a few side effects.  The injection site lumps are an irritation that goes away after 6-9 weeks, only to be replaced by others.  I hate the thick needle, but hate even more when the needle gets stuck and won&#039;t inject some weeks, and I need to re-inject.   I get nausea when my sugar levels drop quickly, and especially go below 5.6 mmol/l , which happens after exercise.  I have found this a good excuse for a beer with team mates, and have to have glocose/sweets available a period 1-2 hours after strenuous exercise (surfing especially).
My weight has dropped steadily about 1kg/month without a change of diet, but I am just inclined to eat less.  I have reduced insulin levels 50%, and don&#039;t use after sport."
"This medication was working great with an occasional headache then menopause started and my internal medicine doctors switched my blood pressure meds to clonidine and now I&#039;m tired all the time, and have gained 30 pounds in two months. My memory is getting worse and I&#039;m slightly depressed.
I think I would rather deal with the hot flashes, occasional headache, along with swelling ankles and energy. I&#039;m weaning myself of clonidine and going back to amlodipine besylate and hydrochlorothiazide today."
"Paxil has changed my life for the better. I am 39 years and up until a mobth ago I had been dealing with major social and personal anxiety along with bipolar depression and agoraphobia. I had been prescribed a variety of prescription medications by different doctors over the years until last month by chance a new doctor (a general practitioner) suggested Paxil. 

It has now been a month and I am a whole new person. I have full of confidence and clear thinking. My thought process is in a positive direction and I&#039;m constantly looking for was to improve my mind, body and spirit.  I now have a new job after being on SSI for 4 years I thought I would go to my grave on government assistance. PAXIL SAVED MY LIFE!!!"
"It&#039;s a good pain medication if you have genital herpes. I know they say to take Panadol but it&#039;s just not effective enough. This is much better."
"I have been taking this in combination with Citalopram 40mg for about 7 years. This drug controlled my racing thoughts and allowed me to sleep properly. My initial dose was 7.5mg but I am now down to 2.5mg. For me now it feels that 7.5mg was a very strong dose but I needed it at the time. 

I had no negative side effects. No withdrawal on reducing dosage. I don&#039;t suffer undue hunger - actually for me my depression contributed to a lack of appetite so any effect was actually beneficial to me. For me it worked wonders and enabled me to work.

I think with all these drugs there are different effects on different people and each person is also suffering a unique conditions. I was lucky in that my doctor hit on the right combination for me day 1"
"I was just prescribed Adipex today (FINALLY). Long story short - I was about 30 pounds overweight in 2002 when my husband was deployed to the war. I decided t use that time to LOSE WEIGHT. I got the meds, and in 5 months I had already lost 55  pounds! I was thrilled. I wouldn&#039;t send my husband a photo of me, because I wanted to surprise him. Boy was he! He stopped in his tracks and mouthed %u1E84OW Then three years later I got a brain tumor. The cancer medications, and the steroids that I had to take to try to control the tumor, made me GAIN it all back PLUS another 45 pounds! (Plus I lost my hair). Well fast forward about 8 years, I have lost 55 lbs. Doc prescribed Adipex to help get the rest off! Wish me luck!"
"I&#039;m a 40-something mom and was just recently diagnosed with executive function issues. My doctor thought this might help me with focus issues. I had to stop taking after 2 douse. I felt light headed and like I wanted to jump out of my skin. When I stopped, I felt exhausted and got a major headache. I&#039;m glad the medication works for some but it definitely didn&#039;t work for me."
"I used this for endometriosis and birth control. Nexplanon works great for pregnancy prevention, and while I was breastfeeding I had no issues. Once I stopped, it became useless for me. I had it put it to help with my endometriosis pain, and it hasn&#039;t done a thing. "
"I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for about a month now. The results have been varied. It&#039;s hard to gauge exactly how it has affected me, because my fianc"
"I started having seizures when I was 16 (I&#039;m now 23), with no past family history. The cause of them are still unknown, and without medication I have one every 4-5 months while sleeping. My first anti-epileptic medication was Lamictal from which I suffered a severe rash. I started Keppra (500mg 2x daily) and haven&#039;t had a seizure since taking it (knock on wood). After two years of treatment, I came off from Keppra and had a seizure after 5 months without the medication. I&#039;m back on it, and have been seizure-free for almost two years now. I do have side effects from Keppra though. I&#039;m tired a lot, have mood swings, experience bouts of insomnia, headaches, and dizziness. Overall the medicine works well, but obviously would like to be off it."
"I&#039;ve been on viibryd for over 4 years, 20mg. After being a zombie for 4 years bc of depression, followed by two years as a robot on Prozac, viibryd has been a miracle for me. Reading the other reviews, especially the negative ones, has been mind boggling, but goes to show how different everyone is. It took about 4 months for it to work on me. My partner was also on Prozac then viibryd, is on 40mg viibryd right now and he had an immediate change. Sexually we are the same: he has no dysfunction, and I&#039;m as sensitive as ever. Sexual drive the same. No serious side effects. A few years back I woke up in a very soaked bed, sweating. I went to the doctor and my MD recommended I take viibryd in PM not AM. Month later, back to AM and fine since!!"
"I just start Yaz almost 4 weeks ago. I am 42 years old, I have my tubes tied so I don&#039;t need this for birth control but I started having perimenapause issues and I needed something to fix my hormones asap. I actually asked for Yaz. The first three days I was extremely tired but I was also extremely chill. After day 2 things started looking better and each day after that it gets better and better. This has helped the moods quite a bit, right now the only con is that my sex drive is lower but I am going to give my body some more time to adjust to the hormones before I make any changes. I plan on taking this pill back to back to eliminate my periods. I&#039;ll check back in another month."
"Did not help my back pain at all. A week after starting the medication I had ONE glass of wine at about 8pm. Less then an hour later I passed out and did not wake up until 2pm the next day. I missed work and apparently my family was trying to wake me up but I seemed to be sleep walking and have no recollection of what I was saying. "
"i suffered from severe panic disorder which resulted in me being hospitalised multiple times from chest pain. I went on to have s complete mental breakdown, suffered crippling anxiety and had to give up my home and move back to my parents. At its peak, I couldn&#039;t leave my bed - I was shaking with fear, panic, worry. I spent hours reading reviews looking for hope. I was under the care of a psychiatrist who prescribed antidepressants (Mirtazapine - helped me sleep, Escitalopram - helped anxiety a little at 20mg) I was offered Xanax which helped enormously but I was worried about addiction. We then tried pregabalin - amazing! You will feel out of it for a few days which is uncomfortable. Stick with it and ramp up. 450mg-600mg is needed."
"I&#039;ve never commented before online about my success or otherwise with drugs but I just had to with this one. IT HAS BEEN AMAZING. I realised today I&#039;m actually glad to be alive."
"I started out Valium for about 20 years 10 mg x 4 a day. Used for anxiety and sleep. It worked was a comfort to know most of the time used 2 per day so I always had extra. I think knowing I had extras help almost as much. Then Dr changed prescription to alprazolam 2 mg tablets 4 times a day, some heavy difference, at first it worked well . In the beginning I felt it 30 minutes after I took it and only needed 2 per day, now I&#039;m at 4 per day that&#039;s 8 mgs and I don&#039;t feel it , I don&#039;t know about withdrawals but I hear it&#039;s pretty hard to get off and I&#039;ve been on them for 30 years. Not sure what to expect but think I would feel more alert and energetic too"
"I have had the first shot of depo and I bleed for 2 months strait I went to the gyno and they had to get the layer of decayed uterin wall and the gyno advised me not get on the depo shot anymore because he&#039;s had to many women come in with the same problem. So I would advise get the rod in your arm it&#039;s strictly progestin just like depo but you don&#039;t have any bleeding at all"
"I really like BELVIQ! I just wish it wasn&rsquo;t excluded by pretty much every insurance company."
"I got my implanton on july 1st 15. I am so far thrilled with it. I was on the second day of my period when I went in to get my Mirena. Due to complications with insertion (OUCH) I did not receive the Mirena. My doc recommended the implanton, I had done little research about it but opted to get the implant. She numbed the injection site and it was in, with slight discomfort, in seconds. The reason I gave a 9 is because the next day I felt overwhelmed with emotions and was very light headed and tired. Besides that it completely stopped my period that day and I havent spotted or bled at all. I have a 2 month old daughter and knowing I am safe for 3 years is super reassuring. I would recommend this form of bc!"
"I have been taking Exforge with another medication for about 7 months.  It has worked well for me.  I recently have had some weight gain and swelling in my hands and lower legs."
"I got my Paragard after my 2nd son 5 years ago and decided I would do a review because I see a lot of negative reviews! I haven&#039;t had any complications with my Paragard, I love my Paragard!!! My husband wants to try for a little girl but I&#039;m not ready yet so Paragard is perfect for me until I decide if I want another baby or not. I love that it is hormone free and lasts 10 years!"
"Wow...

Doc prescribed this at night, and Mirversa in the morning, along with a sulfur face wash for my rosacea.  Mirversa is going in the trash.  Soolantra does the trick!  My face feels so soft, and cooler with this ointment!"
"I&#039;ve even on the patch for just over a year now. I like the patch, but there are side effects. Be careful putting the patch near your groin muscles. It can cause blood clot. And it is extremely painful! It happened to me and I&#039;m still in the patch I&#039;m just a lot more careful of where I stick it to. Stick it on your lower back or your bum. Your bum would probably be the bet spot because the patch easily gets stuck on your jeans, shirt, bra, and will come off if you don&#039;t notice in time! Overall this birth control is very effective. But remember double the protection, better chances of staying on the safe side."
"Absolutely love it. Only birth control method that I have used that I have had literally zero side effects from. Every other I have tried (Mircette, Beyaz, Ortho Tri-cyclen and one other I can&#039;t recall) have all caused weight gain, anxiety/agitation, nausea, extremely decreased sex drive and various other symptoms. All I do is put in the ring and forget about it, no issues. "
"I used this b.c pill for month and suffered from a lot of side effect. Being extremely emotional and cry for no reason. Heavy bloated and abdominal pain that I couldn&#039;t realized if that is a symptom of endo or what? Headaches, difficulty sleeping at night, shortness of breath I stopped after a month and most of symptoms are gone never going back on this pill again. Now I&#039;m using visanne just for 3 month as per my GP to see if endo is shrinking. Much better choice so far."
"Age 23. I had my 1st Mirena at age 18 due to very heavy and painful periods. The first 3 years my period had stopped (can&#039;t remember after what month)  with just a few days of spotting here and there. During the last 2 year of my Mirena insertion, my period returned. They were normal when compared to my periods before the insertion. So I had a new Mirena inserted 12/14/16. It&#039;s been 5 months and  I have had very heavy periods every month with painful cramps. I have to empty my menstrual cup every 3 hours (when nomal periods can go 12hrs without emptying). I&#039;m going to wait another month to see what happens but I might switch to the pill if this continues. Has anyone&#039;s period stopped after 6 months or a year?"
"I tool the pill yesterday morning after unprotected sex. By the afternoon I felt so tired. Today I felt really nauseous and a little tired. I also started my period today. 10 days early !! Guess it&#039;s not a bad thing (yet) ."
"For a while I was struggling with the worst most painful acne of my life. I bought a tube of Differin for $15 and within a week inflammation was down and things were looking good.  2 months into it I don&#039;t have a single pimple on my face. I only wash my face once every 3 days to help prevent over drying and every night I remove my makeup, use a micellar water, apply a layer of Differin, and then an oil mixture to moisturize. I&#039;ve found that facial oil rather than a moisturizer increases the effectiveness of Differin, it almost seals it close to the skin at night. Wouldn&#039;t recommend Differin to everyone, but it worked wonders for me. Its all about patience and dedication."
"No more effective or longer lasting than aspirin."
"I&#039;m 35 and have had sinus infections as long as I can remember. Prior to my allergy shots I was getting them 3-4x a year. Z-PAC is my favorite and it cures it quickly. Once in a blue
Moon I&#039;ll need another round though. But lately my doctors have said the bacteria has been resistant to it and I&#039;ve used another medication and though it works it takes so much longer. I&#039;m happy to say that I&#039;m Told The bacteria this year isn&#039;t supposed to be as resistant to it.  For all the ladies, you may want to ask for yeast infection meds before you leave the doctors office. For me It never fails."
"my doctor used this right before surgery and 3 days after. I normally get so sick from general anesthesia but with this patch on I never once got that nausea feeling. It worked like a charm!!! I took it off today and got a slight headache, im guessing just slight withdrawl."
"Let me just say that I had back surgery 9 years ago in addition to have 2 discs replaced and my spine fused. And 5 years ago I had a Spinal cord Stim implant. I&#039;ve taken every known Pain Med out there and the last combination of medicines I tried Nuycnta 100mg and Opana. Which these 2 combined worked to alleviate 60% of the pain. I was still working while on these meds. I stumbled on something that worked for me and I swear by it. I know people that have Lupus, Cancer, and MS that now use it instead of all the other pain meds out there. Good luck!"
"So for pain there just alright like a 7  they do last longer than other pain pills- but for my deprssion I feel like a better more capable man when I&#039;m on them.  When my supply is gone and I cant find a doc or medical I become suicidal. With them I can live a normal or somewhat normal life"
"I love My lo loestrin fe  1 year  i use is 100 % plus A"
"Have been on multiple antidepressants in my lifetime, all were duds. They caused weight gain, fluctuating moods, extreme sadness. My doctor has recently prescribed me 20mg of Cymbalta, after 2 weeks I will switch to 40mg, 20mg in the morning and 20mg in the evening. After reading reviews online I am hopeful, as everyone has reviewed it mainly positive. Currently after being on it for 5 days I am experiencing MAJOR nausea. I can barely breathe without wanting to throw up everywhere. Thankfully, a coworker has given me &quot;phenergan&quot;, which is used for nausea, but it is a prescription pill. I called my doctor and explained that this has helped, and she refused putting me on another prescription just to treat the side effects of Cymbalta. SOS!"
"I have severe RLS and have slept on the floor for 25 years because the hardness of the floor against the muscles in my legs give a some relief.  I have been on Requip for about 4 months and take 2 mg about 1.5 hours before bed.  The effectiveness is hit or miss.  On a good night I fall asleep in about 30 minutes but wake up 3 to 5 hours later and toss and turn until the alarm goes off.  On a bad night, I get about 2 hours of fitfull sleep and then my legs ACHE for the rest of the night.  Requip causes my legs to swell and I have had to increase my blood pressure meds.  Also it has given me some very interesting dreams.  All in all it is better than nothing because nothing means NO sleep ever.  I wish my Doc would give me something else."
"For me it was a wonder drug. Started at 2.5mg. Now up to 20. The only draw back is the weight gain. I may consider weaning off because of it."
"Test came back, had a UTI. Had one a month ago, so doctor thought it would be a good idea to put me on something else. Something stronger. It has been day two on Cipro, and I went from feeling fine to feeling like I have the flu. Lots of muscle aches, lots of dizziness, lots of nausea. I never read side effect labels on meds. So I look up Cirpo online, and lawd, this medication has a black box warning?! WTF?!  I called my doc and told him this ain&#039;t going to cut it. Would very much like to get rid of an infection without having muscular, nerve, and who-knows-what-else for the rest of my life! Watch what you&#039;re  putting in your bodies, folks."
"This drug saved my life. If taken as prescribed, it will help you with your opiate dependency. You will not feel withdrawl symptoms, and you will soon find yourself loosing the desire to use illegal drugs. I was a heroin user for 15 years, until my doctor recommended this drug along with a 12 step program. My life has changed for the better. I recommend this as a last resort. If you have tried every other option to get off opiates, and failed, you have nothing to loose. If you try to abuse Suboxone, you will get sick. Again, this medicine saved my life."
"I recently had testing for chronic urticaria with Hashimoto (with normal thyroid levels). And came out positive which means I have to deal with hives and swelling. At first I was only taking Benadryl but it only put me to sleep and wake up with the same symptom. So my specialist suggested I take one zyrtec a day, but I was still having symptoms two times a week (remind you I was having hives and swelling every single day from morning to night) so even though I was having symptoms 2 times a week it was a relief but I was looking for a complete relief. So then again my specialist suggested instead of taking one 10g Zyrtec pill I would move on to taking two 10g Zyrtec pills a day. And thankfully it has changed my life! I Don&#039;t get drowsy!"
"I have had the Nexplanon for almost a year now and I really like it. I had light spotting for a whole month right after insertion. Now I only get a light period once every three months that lasts about a week which is very nice. My sex drive did decline although I can&#039;t totally blame that on the Nexplanon. Other then that I haven&#039;t had any other negative side effects so far. The insertion was a piece of cake but I did have bruising for a few days. It works great for me and right now I plan on getting another one inserted once my time is up."
"I&#039;ve been on YAZ since I was 16 (now 26). I used to be happy all the time, excited about life, enjoy sex and just fine. Since I&#039;ve been taking YAZ I gone from mild to severe depression, anxiety attacks, uncontrolled bouts of crying, panic attacks and now I may have first signs of glaucoma. I now take high doses of antidepressants. My mental health shows no signs of improving. It has gotten worse as I have gotten older. I went to a psychiatrist a few years back and she put me on Prozac, but the symptoms have gotten worse. Now I&#039;m on triple doses of anti-depressants. After reading these articles and the side effects of other users I&#039;m confident it is the result of YAZ. I attend a medical school, so I shall have tests done next week."
"Just wow. I frequently suffer from migraines and excedrin usually does the trick. Every so often I&#039;ll get these headaches that last for days and excedrin won&#039;t work. My doctor prescribed me Treximet and what a difference. I like this drug because if you don&#039;t take it at the beginning of a migraine it STILL works. I had a migraine for 24 hours+ and took one this morning. Within 30 min it was fading and in an hour it was gone. The first time I took Treximet I did have the neck stiffness and fatigue, but the second time no side effects except a dry mouth and heavy feeling in legs that passed quickly. So worth not having to deal with a headache that can really ruin your whole day and just make you want to lie in a cool dark room. Love Treximet."
"Headache, flatulence"
"I had been on birth control pills for almost 5 years and decided I wanted a change.  I learned about the Implanon rod and even though I had read many negative reviews online, I decided to give it a try.  I got the implant in February 2011 and have been very pleased with it ever since.  I did have lots of spotting the first month after I got the implant and then the occasional spotting afterwards, but I&#039;ve been spotting and period free for a few months now and it feels wonderful.  I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain, but I did notice that over the summer months I had for the first time in my life, back acne."
"I started taking Phentermine HCL March 18, 2008 weighing 194.5lbs and today (May 8) I am weighing in at 178lbs. I have more energy to work and play with my son. I have not had any trouble sleeping, and my life has only gotten better. It was recommended to me by a friend who has lost 50 pounds since December. I would recommend this to anyone who has tried every other diet pill. This DOES work. It won&#039;t leave you disappointed. TRY IT!"
"Fioricet was the only thing that would reduce my pain effectively, but can not take on an empty stomach!"
"I have fibromyalgia and severe arthritis.  This medicine is the only thing I have taken that relieves some of the pain and makes life tolerable.  I take 300mg, three times a day and will be increasing to six times daily shortly.  The drowsiness side effect is somewhat bothersome but doable.  My main complaint about it is that I have what I call drifting thoughts and they are very abstract thoughts.  I have learned to somewhat manage them but am worried that they will increase with the increased dosage as will the drowsiness."
"I&#039;m a happy person and never had depression or anxiety in all my life until I got on this BC. I started getting sad, then the sadness started to feel like depression... almost debilitating... then anxiety started to kick in. I thought maybe I should give it a little more time because my body was adjusting, but the last straw was 7 months into taking it, I started getting suicidal and PSYCHOTIC thoughts at a family party!! I was freaking out and it felt like I had voices in my head! I have a friend who loves this BC, but unfortunately it did not work for me :(. BC is really a trial and error and different for everyone. This is the only BC that has made me CRAZYYYY! I had a better experience with Nuva Ring  and Lomedia 24Fe."
"My pain level was10  most of the  pain from severe back problems down my left leg into my foot. After many medicines which made me groggy sick to my stomach and not able to really function. My doctor prescribed  Nucynta ER. I can function without most side affects. The only side effect seemed to be like a light recall problem. When carrying on a conversation. Example names and places times. I could go all around what I wanted to say then finally. It would come to me."
"Consider mirtzapine if you have intractable insomnia. I&#039;m a recovering alcoholic and my sleep patterns got thoroughly screwed up during my drinking years. Mirtzapine 30 milligrams provides the most natural sleep I have ever had in my life. I sleep for eight hours and wake refreshed the way I did when I was teenager. It&#039;s so much better than benzos. Doctors may be reluctant to prescribe because of the chance of weight gain. I did gain weight because it gave me the munchies. But it levelled off at about a 7-pound gain. But it did level off!!! And you may feel completely zonked for the first two or three days. It&#039;s a good idea to start on the weekend. But again, the extreme drowsiness did disappear after a few days for me."
"I have been on this birth control for about three months. Although my periods are shorter, I have had really bad side effects. It has made me very moody, I have had really bad headaches, and I have experienced major hair loss. It freaked me out and I switched back to my prior birth control."
"The drug so far has been ineffective.  I was prescribed Amoxicillin 875mg 2x/day to treat my strep throat infection.  I&#039;m an adult and my only symptom is a swollen, painful to touch lymph node on the left side of my neck.  Today is day 6 and I still don&#039;t see any difference compared to day 1."
"My doctor prescribed this for depression issues/severe anxiety associated with adult ADD. I was very resistant to try, have been put on multiple other meds that made things much worse. I take 50mg daily. Immediately felt almost &quot;euphoric.&quot; With each passing day, I feel better in every sense, and the anxiety is gone. I NEVER write any posts EVER, but this has been an unbelievable game changer. I have been battling these issues since childhood, and I can truly say I feel happy and hopeful about my future. The &quot;internal storm&quot; inside that I battled every day to cope with is gone. No side effects except for some vivid, strange dreams-but those are dissipating. I hope this helps someone-if this one doesn&#039;t help, keep trying and never give up."
"I have been taking Demerol for several years for pain and it is the only medication that has worked for me. It is amazing how well it works without side effects. "
"I take 800 mg TID, which seems to me a high dose. It&#039;s still a bit hit or miss on neuropathic pain coverage. When it works it&#039;s great! I know it works from comparison to the week- or month-long periods I&#039;ve not taken it, when the pain is much worse. Still, it can&#039;t compare to other meds I&#039;ve tried like Cymbalta which provide awesome pain control (downside to Cymbalta is insomnia tho). Narcotic pain meds work somewhat too, but mainly by changing my attitude towards the pain, not really lowering it, so they are a poor option for me."
"I got the skyla implant about a month ago. It hurt to have it inserted and I had cramps for the rest of the day, but then I was golden! No more cramps! My sexual partners can&#039;t feel a thing and weirdly enough.... My sex drive is OUT OF CONTROL! I feel like it has really increased my sex drive. Never experienced that before. My period was a little lighter and I have not had any weight gain as of yet."
"Works as promised with no side effects. 
BM starts right away. Acts fast."
"When I first started taking Victoza I got pretty sick on my stomach. So much so that I couldn&#039;t eat hardly anything. I lost a good bit of weight pretty fast, but I wasn&#039;t eating much at all. I tried taking a ginger suplement which helped a little. Mainly, you just have to get used to it. After a couple of months it was better as far as feeling sick. However, my 2 main goals were met - getting my blood sugar under control and losing weight. I have been on it for 9 months and lost over 35 pounds! I feel great now and my last HbA1c was less than 6 (it had been over 11). I was able to cut my metformin in half. "
"I take Amitriptyline for nerve damage resulting from my stroke.  I started to itch in the evenings as a result of the nerve damage.  This really helps and I sleep well with this medicine too."
"I have been on and off Provigil a couple times over the past few years after being diagnosed with sleep apnea. I first started with 100mg and a CPAP machine. I soon began to feel better but the CPAP did not last because I kept ripping it off in the night. So I ended both. Recently I have gone back on Provigil taking 200mg for shift differential disorder because of the long shifts and my inability to stay awake and falling asleep driving. What a difference. I can stay awake for my 12 hour shift and the 1 hour drive each way to work. I feel if I had not gone back on it I most likely would have wrecked to or from work by now. Only down fall is an occasional upset stomach if I don&#039;t eat before or immediately after taking it."
"I am borderline average/overweight for a 5&#039;3 woman just wanted to lose about ten pounds.  Extremely effective but as the other reviews state two for me was way too much! Uncontrollable shaking but the heart pounding was nothing less than frightening."
"Months 1-2= no cramping, came right on time, incredibly light, period lasted 1-3 days, no weight gain, no acne
Month 3= crazy mood swings, not myself, didn&#039;t feel motivated, hurt my family/boyfriend&#039;s feelings a lot.
months 4,5= felt normal again, happy in my relationships, acne normal, no weight gain still, period came a week early both months with lots of brown discharge and then bleeding the week of my period
month 6= period came right on time, mild cramping, no mood swings, acne normal, period not heavy but not as light as months 1-2
Overall, stick with this pill. It can be rocky, but I think I&#039;ve gone through everything and am leveling out."
"I have been on it for about a month on and off and lost 20 pounds. I didn&#039;t excercise at first, but have made it to the gym everyday this past week. It makes you aware of what you eat and how much you eat. I put myself on a strict eating plan of all fruits, veggies, and lean meats. 

I have 3 friends who have taken it and it has changed their lives! It is a miracle pill! 

I noticed in the beginning I would wake up multiple times a night (but would always have maximum energy all day) so I took a Benadryl at night and it fixed it until I forgot to take it, and I realized I sleep all night without it now!

It has helped me, and for me I don&#039;t consider it a quick fix because I&#039;m more aware of what I consume. Just 40pds more to go for me!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a year to treat PCOS. My periods were very irregular and I experienced spotting and a low sex drive for first three months after starting. Then I was having normal 3-4 day periods every other month.  I also had trouble with nausea and an upset stomach but it subsided after a week or so. I continued to workout and eat somewhat healthy and I was still able to lose weight. My only complaint was that after starting the pill, my skin got very sensitive to the chlorine in the pool."
"I take Seroquel when required for anxiety and it works! I used to take Klonopin (and have been through the cycle of benzodiazapines) and it caused significant memory problems, of which it makes me very angry. I don&#039;t have the memory problems with the Seroquel and it totally stomps out my anxiety. I take 25mg and it has worked great. The drawback to this medication is that it makes me hungry. I am trying to maintain a healthy weight (and lose some weight as well)."
"MARIE501

I wanted to share my first day on Phentermine. I weighed myself this morning at 225.8. I am a diabetic Type 2 and my A1C levels are 13.3! Yikes. I tried the Low Carb High Fat diet and it worked. I lost 8 lbs in week, but it was extremely difficult to continue.

How I feel: This morning after taking pill, I could barely eat! I feel weak, but also energized (weird). I am having dry mouth, but not severe, and blurred vision. Im extremely excited to see how this works for me. Hopefully the diet treats me well. 

Tips: Make sure you start on like a Thursday or Friday or weekend, that way you can experience the symptoms at home rather than work. 

CW : 225 
1 GW : 200 
2 GW: 155

I will update you guys next Friday"
"I recently started experiencing severe migraines following a whopping concussion. They completely take me out with crazy pain, pressure, dizziness, and confusion. They often last around 12 hours and are accompanied by nausea and vomiting. Today my neurologist prescribed me relpax. It was perfect timing as I felt a migraine coming on this evening. At first, I didn&#039;t think it was working, but right at about 45 minutes, I began to feel relief.  After two hours, I feel so much better!  I feel a little bit drowsy,  but completely worth it! I am so grateful for relpax! It works!"
"I&#039;m 15 years old and took this to regulate my period and so far it has worked. I can&#039;t exactly say if it&#039;s &quot;good&quot; as this is my first birth control pill. I do have to say that in the first month I gained 5 pounds and haven&#039;t been able to lose it despite a lot of running and gym time. No nausea or fatigue, everything seems pretty normal. The only problem is mood swings. I have regularly been sad and depressed, crying all the time and not in a good mood. I feel like overall it was a good pill, but these mood problems are really starting to affect everything (school grades, friendships, and boys). Really hoping it ends soon!"
"I love Chantix! It&#039;s amazing. Only side effects I had was a little nauseous and some gas, but only if I didn&#039;t eat something or drink water with it, very very mild tiredness, nothing a coffee or coke couldn&#039;t resolve quickly, and very wild and vivid dreams almost realistic, but to be honest I really enjoyed them. I have like no desire to smoke whatsoever. Strangest/ coolest thing in the world."
"I have had no problems with trulicity other than weight loss. I have been taking the injectable .75 for 8 weeks now with absolutely no problems. I&#039;m not sure of my A 1 C as they are doing it February 10th. I have found I have absolutely no appetite and have to force myself to eat or even remember to eat as I always seem to have that &quot;full&quot; feeling. Dr also has me on the once a day dose of Januvia and glipizide. I&#039;ll update on my a1c when it&#039;s checked again. Thank goodness for my insurance paying anything that has to do with diabetes, as between Trulicity and Januvia, it would break the bank!"
"Doctor warned me it tasted bad.  Understatement.  HORRIBLE!  Numbs my mouth but is tolerable.  Noticed huge difference the next day.  Mood is great but I slept for 12 hours after first taking it.  I&#039;m sure my body will get used to it and that will stop happening.  I&#039;m supposed to take it twice a day but can&#039;t unless I want to sleep 24 hours a day.  I expect to take it twice daily once my body adjusts.  No other side effects except taste and sleep.  Didn&#039;t have to use Lunesta for first time in months."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for my acne for less than a month and all the dark marks and pimples I had on my face are about 90% gone. This medicine is amazing. I take one pill twice a day, the only draw back is the symptoms. I have nausea like never before, loss of appetite, and dizzy spells. The symptoms for me are incredibly strong, but I put up with it because I&#039;ve tried Epiduo, Retin A, Proactiv, Neutragena, doxycycline, clindamycin, but all were way too harsh on my skin or ineffective. Clean and Clear acne wash with aloe vera has worked the absolute best along with this medication. I would definitely recommend it to someone looking to get rid of acne quickly and completely."
"Subutex has changed my life. It&#039;s improved the quality of my life and family. I am able to function on a daily basis and be the mother my two beautiful boys deserve. I had a reaction to the generic buprenorphine (GI, abdominal pain). I am very upset that you will no longer be making the brand name Subutex as this has had a huge impact on the quality of my life. I&#039;m hoping the other generic buprenorphine will work out for me."
"Been on Xeljanz XR 11 mg for about 10 days now. I&#039;ve tried most of the infusion drugs and Methotrexate and none have worked.  It&#039;s a little early to tell for sure but I think it&#039;s helping. I don&#039;t have typical RA, no flares, I am in a constant flare. No coming and going unfortunately.  I also have whole body swelling, lucky me. But I am noticing a slight reduction in swelling.  I had gone up a full ring and shoe size. Today I could get on a ring I haven&#039;t been able to wear in years....yay! I have had some strange side effects. Extreme fatigue, depression,  skin crawling and a little paranoia. Not typical for me and I don&#039;t think for this drug either. I seem to always have the rare side effects with all medications. I&#039;m hopeful though."
"I suffered with Obsessive compulsive disorder &amp; generalized anxiety disorder which caused depression and stress. I came on here in June looking for answers, I used to be on Sertraline but they stopped working after I had stopped and went back on them. I thought my life was over. I got put on 20mg Prozac by my Doctor, and it is the best medicine ever, I would highly recommend it, it gave me my life back, I am so happy, no more stresses. Also I have no side effects. Give it about 6 weeks trust me and you will see how this works. Unbelievable. 10/10!"
"I was sent home with samples of this medication.  I actually hesitated on taking it knowing that the maker would not help me with cost because of my insurance type.  So why try it if I was not going to be able to get it.  This medication is expensive, $1500.00 a month or so.  They should help everyone and not select groups.  I guess medication discrimination is ok.  In the end I never took it, no need to get my hope up for a better life.  Viberzi would rather have a negative review than help those in need.  Says a lot about a company."
"I am a 17 year old girl. I weight 125 pounds,and am 5&#039;5&#039;&#039;. I have been on this medication for about 4 days now. I like it, but at the same time, I don&#039;t. This is the first birth control I have ever been on. So, I have been having mild nausea and headaches, but nothing else. I started this birth control with 4 days left in my period. It ended on time, and was very light for the last day or two. I take it around bedtime, but since I get that sick feeling, it keeps me from falling asleep easily. But don&#039;t feel discouraged. Once I fall asleep, I am knocked out for the night. It&#039;s great and then I wake up in the morning again, and feel sick, but it should get better after month 3. "
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for about 2 weeks now and I must say, WOW. What a difference from the last birth control I tired. (Ortho Tricylen-Lo). The pill made me (within 2 days of starting to take it) cry daily and feel hopeless and even interfered with my studies and social life. But so far I have had no side effects from Nuvaring minus the occasional very slight headache which I am already prone to and a little bit of extra discharge, which is also easily remedied. If you&#039;ve had problems with the pill I would highly recommend Nuvaring. It&#039;s easy to put in, and you can&#039;t feel it at all, not even during strenuous exercise."
"I started taking Adipex-P on Jan 21,2012 and I have not had any side effects except for the dry mouth that can be controlled by drinking lots of water and so far I have lost 18lb. I&#039;m in my 3rd month and hope this pill keeps working as it has been."
"I am 13 years old I&#039;ve been on Vyvanse for about 7 years. It really helps me focus and concentrate on things that are important, it also helps me know when and when not to do things like talk when some one else is talking."
"I got nexplanon February 2015 at first my period was every 2 month which I loved. They are normal now. December 2015 I started gaining weight which I thought was just holiday so January I started exercising and lost 15 of the 30 pounds since I gained 10 back and and can&#039;t lose anything I diet exercise when ever my boyfriends not looking (I don&#039;t feel comfortable in front of him) and he&#039;s noticed the weight we got in a fight and he actually slipped up and called me fat. And said all I do is sit on my ass that&#039;s why I gained it. But I also got so depressed and cried over everything panic attacks every day and thought of self harm. The depression is gone now for the weight. I like it would give 10 stars except the depression and weight."
"My life has totally changed for the better since starting this medication about a year ago. I am 36 so when I was growing ADHD didn&#039;t exist, but I was that kid that couldn&#039;t sit still or concentrate and talked 24/7! This medication has given me my quality of life back, it lifted the &quot;fog&quot; that has always been in my brain and I can&#039;t be more thrilled to have found this Med! Thank you Adderall for giving me my life back!!!"
"I began taking Concerta at the age of 13 to treat my ADHD. I&#039;m now 22, still taking 27MG of Concerta daily. Overall it has been helpful with managing my ADHD symptoms, I&#039;m much less distracted and able to stick to one task at a time. It was especially helpful when I was in school because it was just so impossible for me to stay focused in class. As an adult it makes work so much easier for me because my job requires things to be done with a lot of precision. Side effects I&#039;ve experienced have been headaches (occasionally migraines), inconsistent appetite, restlessness at night, some difficulty sleeping and constant thirst. Despite the side effects I feel that my overall quality of life has improved with taking Concerta to manage my ADHD."
"I have had my implant for two months now. The day of the implant, I got a little sick a few hours after but haven&#039;t had any illnesses since. My period started shortly after I finished the overlap of my birth control pill; I had to take it for a week after I got the implant. My periods are usually very light since I&#039;ve been on the pill for so long and that didn&#039;t change much. It did last for about three weeks though. 

As for the positive effects, there are a lot. I changed to the implant for ease along with a change because my libido was off. After I got the implant, I realized it was my BCP causing the libido issue. I also realized a couple of weeks after getting the implant that I wasn&#039;t biting my nails anymore. My mood is also better."
"I ended up with severe constipation after two weeks of being on this medication resulting in hospitalisation . Need two enemas . And a further 9 days on other laxatives before it cleared me bowel . I was in a lot of pain . Following that I have now got severe diarrhea and stomach pains . I have stopped taking it and waiting further advice from my gastro doctor"
"I had unprotected sex in June 2017 the next day I took plan b. Had what I thought was my period a week later but then got told it was probably only from the pill. I was freaking out waiting for my period. I took four pregnancy tests about 2 months later, all came out negative. I still had not gotten my period though so I was convinced the tests were wrong. I was dwelling on the situation so much I convinced myself I was showing when it really was just bloating. Four months later after taking plan b I finally got my period! This pill really does work and really messes up your cycle. Just give it time and try not to stress because stress really does delay it more. Take pregnancy tests if you&#039;re really concerned and trust them!!"
"Worked for a month then now symptons returning.  I have also suffered from a lack of appetite and have put weight on although no-one else has mentioned this."
"While this medicine helped, and really did snuff out the symptoms associated with my trauma disorder. It also had so many side effects. Taking it would put me into a sleepy sort of fog, and felt very out of it. We then tried Minipress, and have had much more success with that. I now use Abilify as an emergency medicine. It acts as a great last resort to stop all of the overly emotional symptoms associated with an attack/flash back, and helps put you back in a better place, even if it gets a bit foggy.  I haven&#039;t used it for a couple weeks now, but I haven&#039;t also worked on the trauma issues for a while as well. I&#039;d give it a 10 for rare emergency use, and a 5 for day to day use due to its side effects, thus the 7"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for over three years, because I used to be so miserable when I got my period. I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects at all, and I no longer get such horrible cramps. I also have shorter, lighter periods and my skin has cleared up a lot. I also get a lot less moody now that I&#039;m on it. I would recommend it to anyone."
"I got the monistate 3 day product a few months ago and it did actually work. I Just bought it again recently and a few hours after taking the first dose the itchiness was so intense. I seem to remember this from the last time. If you can get through the first day or so you&#039;ll be ok. It&#039;s just extremely uncomfortable"
"Works great but the side effects are awful!  Uncontrollable nausea &amp; severe heartburn.  Yes, this is an NSAID that&rsquo;s still absorbed by your body... if you have severe, chronic digestive issues and can&rsquo;t take oral NSAIDS you can&rsquo;t be on this patch!"
"I started to use this as a means to help with my tremor in my hand but notice how much better I feel as a person with anxiety I feel better on coping than I did before. I believe its helped me in more ways then in my tremor so big shout out to my dr."
"I really like this birth control. When I&#039;m not on birth control I have extremely painful menstrual cramps, very heavy periods, and crazy hormonal acne breakouts. It took about 2 and a half months to see any improvements, but my face is almost always completely clear, I have much lighter cramps, and a much lighter flow. I did feel a little nauseous for the 1st couple days, but I had no weight gain and no other adverse health or psychological complaints. The only other complaint I could state would be that within a week of taking the pill, my sex drive was almost completely gone. The main reason I am staying on the birth control is for the acne treatment! It is something I have been struggling with for years and I am so happy with the results"
"I used zyban years ago to quit and it did help but I started again after I went off it.  I have been trying to quit for the last year but haven&#039;t made it past a few days.  I am 36 and have smoked since I was about 20, 16 years of damage to my lungs.
I decided it&#039;s now or never I just want to be a non smoker so badly.  I went and got a prescription for zyban 4 days ago and started immediately. So far I feel ok on it, I definitely feel different, time feels slower and I feel like I&#039;m observing things differently in somewhat removed.  Today is my first day taking two pills and I&#039;m a little worried I will feel messed up on the medication but gonna stick with it.  I&#039;m still smoking but plan on quiting within the next week."
"I am 16 years old and I was put on Sprintec to regulate my periods. The first month of taking it I didn&#039;t have any side effects besides that I was hungry and gained about 5 pounds. The second month I started to become very moody. I kept taking the pill and now I am experiencing anxiety and depression. I am very emotional and worried about everything.  I almost lost my boyfriend because of it and I am going to the Doctor about my anxiety and depression. "
"This medication literally saved my life. I noticed a difference after a few days on 10mg. I had diarrhea once. I did have a TON of gas for a few weeks. I also have been eating a high protein diet since starting this medicine. I am not sure if that helps.
Have been on 20mg for about 3 months.  Only side effects I have are mild RLS and I wake up after 4 hours.  I take 1000mg L-tryptophan at night and I sleep just fine now. 30mg would work better for me as far as the depression goes (unfortunately, that is not manufactured), but I can&#039;t afford two prescriptions.  20mg also seems to make me manic when I am PMSing, but the depression was so bad that the benefits outweigh the risk, so I am staying here. 40mg would make me a basket case."
"This is about my woman who is on zoloft......  Two years with my woman we never needed any lube. Now I&#039;m worried she is like a desert. Calmer now that her little zoloft friends in &quot;her head&quot; tell her to stay calm it&#039;s OK.  I&#039;ll keep you up to date with her &quot;progress&quot;  with her voices "
"Not an approved use however nothing worked before this. We have a horse who has a chronic open wound on her belly due to fly bites. Every thing we applied over the years just dripped off and never healed anything. Fly blankets did not help protect her nor did fly spray. This spring I applied a tin layer to the area (scarred til opened by fly bites) and it did not get chewed open. I had one tube which I would rather not say how I obtained it. I wish I could get more. It is a miracle as far as I am concerned."
"Didn&#039;t take away pain in 1 months"
"Had my first colonoscopy 5/30/17. I was having serious anxiety about doing this prep, after reading all the reviews. Most importantly, you want a tolerable effective clean out. I noted some advice from fellow preceding preppers, so here is my advice. Premedicate with anti nausea med 2 hours before each bottle (Phenergan 25 mg). Plug nose with wet paper towels to dull sense of taste prior to opening. Drink room temp, probably helps with body chills and nausea to do this. I drank it slow (over 30 minutes) a few drinks then suck on sugar coated lemon slice and spit, rinse mouth out with another beverage. Drink 16 oz. water per next 30 minutes x 2. No reason to chug, that makes you nauseated. I had no cramping, works in about an hour."
"Took one tablet at around half six as it is my prom tomorrow and I hadn&#039;t been in over a week and was beginning to become depressed again. It is now 11:15pm and I have just went finally. Extreme cramping ten minutes before hand, on the same scale as servere period pains and it feels although I may have ripped something internally as when I went I felt a stabbing pain on my lower left side of my tummy. Cramps are easing now but please do yourself a favour and take ONE tablet and drink over THREE glasses of water at least to ease everything. It should start working in around six hours if you do it right. No diarrhoea or vomiting but I feel a little faint. I&#039;ll update if I get worse, so if I don&#039;t update just assume it all goes fine "
"I am 21 and have suffered from major anxiety attacks and chronic depression the past few years and took every antidepressant tables going which have never made a difference. My doctor prescribed me with 2mg diazepam I took one with a cup of tea and I&#039;ve never felt so calm and relaxed in my life and slept like a baby for the first time in six months. I highly recommend these if you suffer from the same problems one negative is they give me the munchies."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years and YES it is a great drug to help with anxiety. Without it my life wouldn&#039;t be the same at all. It is very hard to come off of. But you have to make a choice to live with the pain of anxiety or be addicted to something that fixes the problem. Neither one is great but I don&#039;t like pain."
"I received this implant 11/13/15. Insertion was quick,painless until after a few minutes. Purplish bruising began, heavy bleeding, dime to quater clots as well. Bleeding and spoting (red and brown) has lasted on and off since insertion day. The first week at least. Cramps got worse, moods varied frequently and depression came about. Bad acne, dry mouth and pelvic pains also becomes apparent. Weight fluctuates. Prevents pregnancy and doesn&#039;t interrupt breastfeeding but wouldn&#039;t recommend."
"If I was not prescribed methadone for my withdrawals/addiction I would have never been able to be clean. And I believe without a shadow of a doubt that I would be dead if not for this treatment. "
"Well, I have had Implanon for almost 2 years. I spotted for about 6 months the first year and have not had a period since. It was definitely a blessing in itself because I have always had horrible periods. Unfortunately, in these past 2 years I have gained a considerable amount of weight. I usually weighed from 110-115 and Now I am almost 130 lbs. Grant it, I am in nursing school, so my stress level is very high BUT I have never had trouble with my weight before. I have gone up a whole bra size! My breasts stay sore constantly as well. I am almost 23 years old, so I don&#039;t know if this has to do with my age or what. It&#039;s wild. I have always been so tiny and bam as soon as I get this, I struggle with my weight."
"Having tried so many other drugs for this has been extremely difficult and disheartening.  Vyvanse is a GAME CHANGER!!"
"I love it"
"I&#039;ve had a colonoscopy every year since I was 10 years old. I am now 31. I have Crohns disease. I have had diarrhea for two weeks, after drinking this, I had the first solid BM. Last time I will let my DR prescribe this as prep."
"I am so thankful for this medication. At first, I was terrified to take any medication since the only pill I&#039;ve ever been prescribed is birth control. Being a military wife with a year old daughter and relocating and being away from my family, anxiety hit me hard! I would lay in bed thinking that I would NEVER feel normal again. I was prescribed Effexor XR 37.5mg for the first week or so, and I did not have any side effects from it and actually felt better within days! Now I am at 70mg and I feel great. No panic attacks, no anxiety! If you were like me a couple of months ago, sitting here wondering if you should ask your doctor about trying this medicine, GO FOR IT! You can and will feel normal again."
"Postpartum hair loss:The 2nd day of taking this I had a bad headache but I get them occasionally so I didn&#039;t connect the two. The 3rd time I woke up at 4 am and had severe hives covering my body. I took two Benadryl and waited and hour or so. It helped relieve the itching but my throat began to swell and it was difficult to breathe. My husband took me to the ER and I was given steroids and Pepcid. Finally the hives went away and I felt better so was discharged and slept for like 4 hours. Woke up with a headache so I took more benedryl which the doctor advised. All this to say, I will not be taking it anymore. I&#039;ll wear a scarf until my hair grows back! Not worth it! Plus they smell so bad and one night I kept belching that awful taste."
"Used this on great grandson. He gets diaper rash easily, this protects him from getting it and heals and soothes if he gets diaper rash when we don&#039;t use this to protect."
"Terrible allergic and other reactions.   Doctor did not check blood levels and I actually had no deficiencies or reason to be on this.  I got very very sick from it.   Do not take unless you have ALL proof you need it... including labs showing deficiencies of l meyhylfolate in your blood"
"I have been taking enbrel for 11 years.  I worked great for me until the last year when it gradually stopped working.  I did the self injection 2X week.  Over the last year the relief subsided 2 days after the shots and then when I took the next 3-4 days from the last it would take 24 hours for the relief to kick in, sometimes no relief. My doctor said he wants me to take Humira but for some reason (irrational or not) I am terrified of changing medicines.  I had no side effects from Enbrel except some minor sinus irritation -not infections.  I am worried I won&#039;t be so lucky with another medicine.  "
"This medication is just making everything worse: Stomache, severe abdominal pain like I never felt before it&#039;s horrible, I can&#039;t eat or drink, vision lost and the list goes on and on. I am on day 7 and I am in the hospital because of these symptoms!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Quasense for 7 weeks and 5 days and as of today I have been bleeding for 7 WEEKS STRAIGHT! I started my &quot;period&quot; 3 days after taking my first pill and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. The first 3-4 weeks were constant heavy bleeding and then it begin to taper off(actually giving me hope). Weeks 4-6 were pretty light, brown blood here and there(but still consistent daily) throughout the day and I was even more hopeful. Week 6 the bleeding began to become heavy again.....Now here it is week 7 and I&#039;m bleeding like I would be on my normal period! I&#039;m OVER IT! This is STUPID!"
"I randomly started getting bad acne on my cheeks and chin a year ago, after using epiduo it got a lot better. Recently at 18 I&#039;ve been seeing some flare ups so my Derm perscribed this antibiotic for me. After just a couple days I was pleased that the drug was preventing any new breakouts (it wasn&#039;t really clearing up the existing spots though). I started noticing that I would get extremely dizzy really easily, after a week on this pill I can not stand without feeling like I&#039;m going to throw up and My acne seems WORSE. I will NEVER take Minocycline again!"
"I&#039;ve been using opiates for 8 yrs now the past 3 I have been a heavy IV heroin user. I have been to at least 10 different programs relapsing every time so I&#039;m considered to be a chronic relapser. This time I chose the vivitrol shot I just got this about 5 days ago on the day I was released from rehab and I can guarantee you if it wasn&#039;t for this I would be high. This is early in but I have no cravings my mind is clear Definitely going to get the whole year my insurance is goin to pay out.. As for side effects maybe small common ones that you can look up but nothing to complain about. This is the shit y&#039;all, ain&#039;t not one bad thing....go get you some"
"I just got my Mirena and could not be happier.
I was apprehensive of the pain due to horror stories that seem to be everywhere. DO NOT BELIEVE THE FEAR!
First of all, I have a male gynaecologist. If you&#039;re unsure about a male, have no fear! Mine was amazing and spoke frankly but honestly and really comforted me. I had been advised to take 15mg of Murelax and some ibprofen. Although I had taken the Murelax as directed (1 hour prior) my nerves were still extremely high. My gynaecologist, he said he would administer a local anaesthetic to my cervix. This really spiked my anxiety.

The ENTIRE procedure was done in about 3 minutes. It was really a 2/10 &quot;pain&quot; and more discomfort. I&#039;ve had appendicitis &amp; the implanon. This was a walk in the park!"
"I&#039;ve been on sertraline for almost a year now. On the 25mg I didn&#039;t notice any kind of difference. I was suffering from major depression, self-harm, and suicidal thoughts. My dr bumped me up to a 50mg dose &amp; have stayed here for about 8 months now. My girlfriend calls it my &quot;happy pills&quot; because when I forget to take a dose or two, everyone can tell."
"I have never been on any anxiety or depression medicine ever, but I have suffered severely, emotionally and financially in the last 3 years.  Everything came to a head about 2 months ago.  I went to a psychiatrist for the 1st time yesterday and went on Pristiq this morning.  I guess it&#039;s too soon to officially review it but now I just have an overall sense of CALM.  Maybe a little bit of fogginess, but I&#039;m sure that will subside.  I have a baby and a toddler, plus I babysit and I felt so much less irritable than I did before.  I didn&#039;t have much of an appetite, so I hope weight loss will be an added benefit. Wish me luck!"
"It&#039;s very effective!!! I don&#039;t have a problem with heavy bleeding or bleeding for long periods of time. I do have back pains, mood swings,and a lump in my left breast. I have gained 30 pounds and my hair is shedding!!!!!! I can&#039;t want to get this removed!!!! I have never had a weight problem."
"I have been on this medication for a year now. Originally I was put on it to help decrease my terrible cramps and throbbing migraines. The first 6 months it worked like a charm. The only side effects I had were mood swings and after the first 3 months I was able to control them. However starting in January, my migraines started coming back, in February debilitating cramps came back. At first we thought it was because I had switched allergy medications, but found that not to be the case after switching back to my old one. I will be switching to another choice. However, it has been effective as a birth control, and in shortening periods (mine to only 4 days)."
"Was put on this for anxiety/pain. Although it did help with anxiety, it made me very weak in the legs.  So much so that I can&#039;t stand it. I am prescribed 60 mg, but I take 15 mg to keep the edge off. Im told weakness in muscles is not a side effect. Garbage ! I see in some comments that few others have it. Doctors act like we don&#039;t know our own bodies. ...So frustrating!"
"Worse pain and total lack of movement."
"Been taking trileptal to control seizures for about 8 months. Have seizures as a result of a low grade, inoperable brain tumor in left temporal lobe. Seizures only last about 2 minutes. Tried Keppra ( did not completely control them, higher does left me in a constant fog and suffering suicidal ideation), Lamictal - developed horrible rash during titration and now Trileptal. Seizures have been controlled, so far, on 750mg AM and PM. I do feel somewhat tired until I get used to the dose and then the doc increase it again. He wants to get to 900 mg AM and PM. I am troubled by the weight gain - a lot! I do use more salt in my meals ( never did before, had to buy a salt shaker!) and drink a sports drink - low cal - each day. I miss my wine."
"The first weeks were a bit difficult. I had diarrhea but I assure you this won&#039;t last. Take it with food, not just milk. I did have some nightmares from which I could not easily awaken, when I stepped up to Viibryd 20 and was not careful about taking the medicine at exactly the same time, resolved by taking it in the the morning instead of the evening. Viibryd has only a 24 half-life. I did have some temporary morning headaches when it was past time for me to take the medicine. Dr advised take Viibryd 20 at dinner time, which left enough in my system to avoid morning headaches. I&#039;m back to just 40, feeling great! Hang in through the side effects-it&#039;s life changing! Join our Viibryd support group on this site too! See you there!"
"Very very effective. I take 2 10mg tabs a day with tramadol. I don&#039;t know how it would work without the tramadol but I would say pretty good. The only downside is the constipation that comes with most narcotics but it&#039;s a small price to pay for a pain free life."
"Ropinerol works for my jumpy legs, but I had to start taking it earlier and earlier.  Now believe me side effects are real.  I became reckless with money - my credit score dropped from 700s to 500s. I started to gamble so bad I would gather all the change in the house just to be able to play the slots.  I would gamble instead of paying the mortgage."
"Excellent experience so far, was on for 2 1/2 months and lost ~30 lbs.  Really HELPS you control your food intake.  You can push through and eat though, but its much much much easier to control yourself when you know you should stop eating but have that bottomless pit feeling in your stomach, or if you are just someone that eats when bored or emotional."
"Shortly after using Voltaren Gel, which did work on my pain, I started getting sores inside my mouth.  After checking everything in my diet and realized the only difference was I started using Voltaren.  I stopped and they went away within 2 days.
I cannot say medically if it is a coincidence?  Maybe if someone else gets it they will see this message."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for about six months now. I had it inserted six weeks after I had my baby and it was not painful at all. The doctor explained I would have a light period the majority of the month for the first three months and then it would go to normal. I had my period three weeks out of the month very very light for approx four months. Yes it was annoying. The past two months it went back to normal. I eat clean and exercise daily I have lost about 20lbs. I do get bad cramping once in awhile in that region especially if I lay in certain positions for a long period of time. But that could just be post pregnancy.  I&#039;m overall a happy calm person and my mood hasn&#039;t changed one bit since I started. Overall I recommend Mirena."
"Started 7/9/16, it&#039;s morning of 7/18. So far I have lost 11lbs. Just recently started week 2 and I&#039;m feeling the sleepiness and nausea it&#039;s not horrific, concerned I might have to go to 1 pill again but for 11lbs in 9 days I&#039;ll try to stick it out. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s all in my head but my cravings have pretty much gone and my portions are incredibly small and I&#039;m really not hungry at all any more. I&#039;ve also been more interested in walking which before hand if someone even mentioned they were going for a walk I would want to throw up- I&#039;ve even started to add 5-10 push-ups after my daily walk. Super thirsty all the time but I haven&#039;t retained any of the water and I try to mix it up- put some lemons or cucumbers in the water for added boost"
"I&#039;ve recently got my second implant inserted. I loved the first one. It hurt going in but to not worry about buying and taking birth control for 3 years was worth it to me. I was also one of the lucky ones who didn&#039;t have a period for two years. Then the final year I did start having a period once a month. It lasted about 4 days but I was pretty sick those 4 days. I&#039;VE gained a little bit of weight and my acne has been pretty bad, but it was the same as other birth controls. Now this second one has given me extreme moodiness, hot sweats and cravings. Still no period so far but I feel like a bat outta hell lately. I didn&#039;t experience this with the first one. I just had it done a few weeks ago though. All this said, I like the implant for me"
"Allegra has done the trick for me for years. My only disappointment is the expense of the 12-hour dosage now that my insurance company doesn&#039;t cover it anymore. It&#039;s a better deal to purchase the 24-hour dose but I don&#039;t like taking a higher dose of medication if it isn&#039;t necessary."
"My son has severe acne from his Crohn&#039;s drugs and now he wants to take Accutane - I see it as a death sentence of sorts, but I can understand what he is going through at just 13 years old. Has anyone tried Accutane when they are already wrestling with Crohn&#039;s? His Crohn&#039;s is in remission and he is using Humira every two weeks now. We suspect Prednisone as the initial cause of his acne."
"I had four polyps removed two years ago. My physician prescribed Veramyst. I have really enjoyed using this medication once daily during the two years. No sign of the polyps returning. In addition, during the four years I haven&#039;t had a cold or a sinus problem. Prior I would be bothered with sinus problems during the winter season. I recommend this spray and will continue to use it myself."
"Worst drug I&#039;ve ever tried and the reason I&#039;m scared of new drugs.
It made me have tachycardia. My heart was speeding at over 200 bpm sitting still. Worse if I got up to walk around or anything like that. I couldn&#039;t sleep because it felt like I was running. I would stay in bed propped up (because laying down made it worse) and occasionally drift off when I got so exhausted I couldn&#039;t stay awake anymore. This sleep only lasted about an hour at a time before I woke up again. Docs increased the dose saying I just needed to get used to it. It made it worse. I made them take me off of it after &quot;giving it a try&quot; for three hellish weeks."
"Had a severe bladder infection..passing blood clots in my urine, pain, bladder spasms and urinating every 5minutes. I am allergic to sulphur drugs, penicillin, cipro &amp; levaquin, so macrobid is really my only alternative. This is the second time I have taken it, the first time I remember no real side effects, this time I have experienced severe headache after the first 3 pills, then that subsided. Now, on my 12th pill out of 14, I have mild nausea and dizziness and drowsiness...nothing unbearable and definitely better than the pain of the bladder infection. Hopefully, I won&#039;t get another bladder infection, but that&#039;s wishful thinking, but I won&#039;t hesitate to use macrobid again."
"Feb. to Sept. I was on the mini pill just progesterone and during that time I got acne that never went away and I gained 25 pounds with bad mood swings. Prior to that I was on Yasmine for a year which caused my hair to thin out but my doctor was concerned it was giving me really bad headaches. I started Ortho Tri Cyclean Lo 32 days ago and everyday I&#039;ve had a period which today it seems to be going away. I know it takes up to 90 days for my body to adjust so I&#039;m willing to work through it. The acne has gone away completely, no headaches, no severe mood swings and my hair has stopped falling out. I don&#039;t have the food cravings so hopefully I can start to lose the weight. I have noticed my breasts have grown which is fine by me."
"Love it! Work&#039;s immediately."
"I&#039;ve been in law enforcement for almost 24 years.  I&#039;ve sustained two broken hips, dislocated SI joint, 8 concussions, and numerous stab and knife wounds.  I&#039;ve been given Amitriptyline before, with no help for PTSD.  On June 16, 2015 I received my 8th concussion. My PTSD intensified as this injury is a severe one, and I was given klonapin for PTSD as the Amitriptyline did nothing.  Since then, I&#039;ve been on both as I required surgery to remove two nerves in my neck as well as surgery to remove scar tissue from my spine.  At 50mg, the Amitriptyline has done nothing for PTSD, but works for the remining nerve pain pain, though no help in sleeping."
"I am on Ambien and feel great."
"Zoloft worked wonders for me. I feel like a new and improved person. My social anxiety is almost totally gone and I feel much happier, able to enjoy life to the fullest. 

Luckily, I have limited side effects: only vivid dreams (which is the most bothersome side effect) and occasional upset stomach, but nothing too bad. Of course all antidepressants have very different effects on everyone but it worked for me. I don&#039;t mean to sound like a commercial but I have really noticed a change and I feel much less anxious and depressed."
"I have had several surgeries to rebuild my shoulder muscles and have had one tendon reattached to the bone and covered with a plate as well as arthritis in my spine. The pain is unbearable at times and sometime I can&#039;t even walk. I was taking the extended release  Oxycontin and norco for break-thru pain which didn&#039;t help much. They seemed to last a few hours and that was that. Even then I didn&#039;t do much because of pain. My doctor had me try the 75mcg patch for 72 hours and I was amazed. I can wake up in the morning and almost jump out of bed. We have changed to a patch every 48 hours as on the 3rd day it didn&#039;t seem to work. But now depending on what I do during the day I am virtually  pain free.Highly recommend, get ur life back"
"I fell out of a moving truck at 40MPH and have several back problems. This stuff is wonderful. Lets me live a normal life. Pick up my baby, help my wife around the house, and just be able to go day to day without constant pain and suffering. Now my doctor says I need to go to a pain specialist to get me off the drugs. Let me tell you some days I&#039;ve tried not to take my pills, and it is so horrible. Why take away something that works just to keep trying other things that don&#039;t. I have tried just about everything. I get the feeling my doctor wants me to be in pain."
"Nexplanon was great for the first 5 months or so. Insertion wasn&#039;t a big deal at all, my arm bruised really badly but was all looks and no paid. No period, no bad side effects, clear skin, it was great! The first bad side effect was painful sex.  Then one day I started bleeding, and I never stopped! I bled for months before I actually went to the doctor (bad on my part for waiting so long). I started gaining weight and feeling very sluggish. My hair even started thinning and I&#039;m only 18. Nexplanon made me really sick. Not worth it!"
"I have been on Gleevec for about 10 years now, with absolutely NO side effects, except for one!  After my hair grew back, it was curly all over my head.  Makes hair styles quite easy at my age of 71."
"I&#039;m three days post operation for a hemorrhoidectomy and a fissure repair. The pain is horrible, but the Toradol is working well. It works much better than the narcotics prescribed (Tramadol)."
"Wonder stuff wIth little to no side effects IF taken at migraine onset! So important and I can not stress enough that it must be taken immediately! If it hasn&#039;t worked for you ask yourself if you waited too long before taking it. I carry it with me every where because i never know when I&#039;ll need it. Sometimes I&#039;m stupid and think, &quot;I&#039;ll just try and tough it out, I don&#039;t want to waste the good stuff.... &quot; So dumb, last time I ended up with a three day migraine that I could have prevented. I wasted like 8 pills trying to manage it, whereas two at onset would have eradicated it altogether. Note: these still help to reduce the pain of an existing migraine better than anything else I&#039;ve tried, but I&#039;m am still cooped up in my room avoiding light, sounds and all stimuli that might make it worse."
"I went on this pill when I was 17. The first 6 months were dreadful. An emotional freak, always crying. After my body got used to it, I was totally fine. My boobs went from an A to a C, I did gain a little weight however I blame that on college. I am able to lose weight easily when I diet while on the pill. Never got pregnant, even with missing pills. Regular period, LIGHT period. I would recommend this pill, once your body gets used to it it will be fine."
"It is the only medicine that I can take to assist with the fighting of DVT for me. Don&#039;t care for sticking myself everyday, although it is keeping me alive. I have tried Coumadin and Praxada, but with both became severely ill, so the only choice was Lovenox. Am looking for the option of going back to a pill or some other treatment one day, instead of injections.  "
"I had to use this for a colonoscopy. I was given a choice of 4 flavor packets, I chose the cherry. It didn&#039;t taste bad at all. I&#039;ve spoken to people who said this started working within 30 minutes after beginning to take it. For me it took almost 2 hours. Since it took so long I was able to finish the entire container before I began having movements. Because of this I felt very bloated but that diminished once it started working. It&#039;s very thorough but there&#039;s no discomfort with it. It also didn&#039;t keep me up all night. It started working around 7 pm and stopped by bedtime so I was able to get a good nights sleep with no getting up during the night. However, from 7 to 10 I was going every 15-20 minutes. It was much better than I expected."
"I rate this medicine a 10 because of the fact that the craving did go away almost instantly. I am taking the low dose tablet.  I&#039;ve only been on it for 2 days, I do have to say though it has made me tired, moody, and I&#039;ve had a hard time concentrating, especially when driving."
"I am 76, a right handed tennis player with left knee pain around the knee cap and toward the inside of knee.  I finished a series of 3 shots a couple of months ago and can report no improvement, in fact the last few weeks pain is worse."
"Seriously the best for anxiety. I&#039;ve been through countless SSRI&#039;s, buspar, Ativan, xanax, etc and gabapentin has worked better than all those combined for my anxiety and panic attacks."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for almost 5 months now. The procedure for getting it inserted was a bit painful. I got it inserted 7 weeks after having my third child so I didn&#039;t think it would be so bad. I felt a pinch that lasted about 10 seconds. It was quick but painful in my experience. I immediately started to spot after. I had heavy bleeding that lasted for about a month. I haven&#039;t had a period since, I have been spotting on and off though. Not sure if me breastfeeding has anything to do with it. I get a lot of nasty discharge. It must have something to do with Skyla because I had been fine before that. I check my strings constantly and at first they were very hard. My husband described them as Bobby pin type of feeling. Been having pains lately too"
"Great for unclogging your nose, horrible for anxiety. It made mine bad enough on several occasions that I ended up in the ER. It also gave me dangerously low blood pressure, heart palpitations, hallucinations and an overall terrified feeling. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this at all for anxiety."
"I&#039;ve been on Brintellix for about 5 months now. At first I was on 5mg and I noticed 2 things right away: I was experiencing some severe nausea,  but I wasn&#039;t having the kinds of social thoughts the other antidepressants I have taken caused. 
Doctor shortly thereafter increased my dose to 10MG. I felt happy and very, very focused. Time got away from me,  and the days blurred together. Unfortunately I experienced some negative side-effects. I noticed that I became agitated easily and even very, very angry at times.  There were times that I hated everything. Not to mention the complete loss of sex drive- very big problem at 26 years old. Back on 5mg now. Still no sex drive. Plus the meds are so expensive!"
"This saved my finger from amputation. Granulation was not happening till I used this. Ten days later all is well."
"I&#039;ve been on 75 mg for two months now, started at a baby dose of 37.5 about 3 months ago. I can honestly say I woke up feeling the difference and the burst of energy. Only complaints are if you forget to take a dose you&#039;re not in for a good day until you take your next dose. I vomit and have a terrible headache, and also with the medication I found that I had a couple bad lows while getting used to it. But as long as you keep up with your dose and don&#039;t mess around with taking it you should be very satisfied with the result."
"Psoriasis is my shadow since I was born. The last few years it has gotten worse. I started Humira treatment last April. The results were fantastic. I&#039;m flaring up again and Humira is not working anymore."
"I would use clobex on my thick plaque psoriasis on my scalp. It literally cleared it up completely within 48 hrs to the point where I can go and get my hair cut. The best med I&#039;ve used in my 30 years of trying everything"
"I had paraguard for four years and experienced very bad cramps during ovulation and my period, along with heavy bleeding.  I switched to Mirena after consulting with a new GYN.   The removal of paraguard was painless and took less than a second.  The original insertion of it was extremly painful.  I had it inserted when I was in my late 20s, no children.  I still have no children and found the insertion of the Mirena to be no worse than two bad cramps, each lasting only a second.  I took 800mg of Motrin about an hour prior to the precedure, which may have helped.  I had no cramping or spotting after the procedure and have still have no cramping or spotting."
"Shortness of breath, extreme joint pain, swollen feet and lower legs, blurred vision, tired, no energy.  I was not told of side affects.  I am not Me anymore.  So sad."
"This is the only medicine I&#039;ve ever found to actually work on my tension headaches. I have used it about 2 - 3 times a year for a few to several days in a row to knock out my headaches. This is my &#039;last resort&#039; medication and for great reason - it works. As someone else posted, if this doesn&#039;t work, nothing is going to work. I&#039;m so thankful for this medication."
"I have had panhypopituitarism for 16 years.  I started with patches, then chorionic gonadotropin, then patches again because the Hcg gave me a bad headache.  Then I tried shots, also a bad headache.  Then my insurance stopped covering the patches, and my doctor switched me to testosterone cream compounded locally.  It works better than the patches, but at 75 mg, I lost a huge amount of hair in 2 months.  Then I reduced it to 50 mg. and now 40 mg.  The hair has stopped falling out, and I think some is growing back.  I am 61 years old and having the testosterone level of a young man is not worth going bald for!  Frankly, I doubt if anyone really needs more than 50 mg.  Just be aware and do not blindly follow your doctor&#039;s advice like I did."
"My score is based on how well it&#039;s treating the infection itself - burning, back pain and urgency are gone 48 hours after starting this drug - first time user with a clearly defined bad infection based on urinalysis at the hospital
-- don&#039;t need Azo any more, still downing cranberry and water, and tip: eat something even if your appetite is gone.
Bad news, I&#039;m exhausted, nauseous, dizzy and drained.
I can live through the side effects, not so sure about the infection - very effective, strong, targeted, bacteria-killer and I will complete the entire protocol as directed - the temptation will be to stop taking it, I will resist the temptation. I will, however, bow to the temptation to sleep all day.
takeaway - it&#039;s a trade-off."
"I&#039;ve been on lithium for a month and a half and the only side effects I have is headaches. It is easily managed when keeping up on my water intake. This medicine has been a great for my bipolar 2 disorder. I haven&#039;t felt this calm in a very long time. My anxiety is at an all time low as well. My moods aren&#039;t all over the place either. I&#039;m so thankful I gave this medicine a chance. It has changed my life in the best way."
"This was the WORST drug I have been on since I was diagnosed in 1998. I was on the injection for about six months, gained a lot of weight (50 pounds) and had a horrible gallstones flare up in which I was diagnosed with the condition (after fainting in public). I was put back on abilify and prefer the oral pill every day to the injection! One nurse didn&#039;t inject me correctly and I developed sciatica for longer than I was on the medication!!"
"I am a long term survivor with no HIV related complications, ever. I have never had an adverse reaction to an HIV medication as well. I took the blood test to make sure I was not allergic to the medication. I did my homework on this drug as well, and many people really like it. I was basically bedridden for 19 days, and got off the medication. 2 days later, I ended up in the ER with pancreas complications. &quot;Making your life easier with 1 pill a day&quot; is not necessarily the way to go. In my opinion, they marketed this drug too quickly."
"1st prep was at 4:00 pm.  It was not as bad as the reviews that I have read on the internet.  I mixed the solution with ice cold water, put a lemon under my nose, held my nose throughout the entire drink + 5mins, use a STRAW placed all the way to the back of your throat!  Put on some good motivational music &quot;blarring&quot; through the house :) and had at it.  Within 10 minutes I had already drank the solution and downed the 1st 16oz chaser.  In between drinking the prep I would stop and suck on a lemon or a small sip of water.  Drink the prep as fast as possible but don&#039;t make yourself sick.  It took only 15 minutes for the solution to work.  Make your bathroom your mini office...(laptop, baby wipes, water chasers with you!, etc..)"
"I started three weeks ago and down 13 pounds. 254 and now 241. Side effects ... Dry mouth, insomnia and heart racing not all the time. I will weigh myself again at the end of March."
"Good"
"I started taking Taytulla 2 weeks ago to help prevent more ovarian cysts from popping up. There is not one thing I&#039;ve liked about this pill. I get TERRIBLE headaches and nausea almost constantly, I&#039;ve broken out in acne all over my face, I have been suffering with terrible depression/anxiety/lack of interest in anything, and fatigue. I forgot to take it one night and the next morning I woke up with super heavy bleeding. I know the body will react when starting any new medicine, but this is miserable. Would not recommend, ladies!"
"While I havent been on it long I can say I have been WORLDS different. I originally was on sprintec for a good 10 years. Got new job where I just got my rxs filled there (ins requirement) was given estraylla as a substitute can we say all hell broke loose on it. Moody(which Im not at all), gained 15lbs, always bloated, foods I should want and love made me sick,no sex drive, horrible periods, lethargic etc etc. Well then the pharmacy got mononessa in, no joke within a week the bloating subsided, I dropped 5lbs, mood was way better, drive is back. Honestly feel better on it then even sprintec.Watch your inactive ingredients, thoes are what cause the side effects more than the hormones."
"Doctors will always try to put you on synthroid which is poison that has the worst side effects and once I started on Armor I could see the dark cloud leave. I still notice that I can only use a half of batch before I need to buy more because it went bad and I am still trying to get the perfect dose but I feel so much better with armor than the synthroid that doctors suggest. I only wish I could buy armor in Colombia SA because now I must go to the states every month to pick it up."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for a little more than a year and it has been a wonderful experience for me. I have fibroids and my cycles would be very heavy and would last at least 7-10 days. Now my cycle lasts 4 days and I&#039;m a little heavy the first two days. This pill has changed my cycle for the better and I would recommend it to anyone experiencing a very heavy and lengthy cycle."
"Hi everyone! I&#039;m a sixteen year old girl who has been struggling with acne since the beginning of high school. My self confidence definitely crashed and I always seemed to have to cake foundation on my face before going anywhere, and I just wanted my acne to be GONE. So it has been exactly 2 1/2 months since my physician prescribed me to tretinoin Retin-a 0.05%, and the first thing I did was look up reviews about it. I was terrified of the possible &quot;purge&quot; so I waited until a week long break from school to start using it, and to my surprise, no special purge on my skin! My forehead and chin have always been okay; cheeks and nose have been the biggest problem, but generally my skin is smoother and less red! STICK WITH IT!!!"
"Be smart about getting off of this medicine. Follow doctors instructions, it is very important."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique for a year now and absolutely love it. The only things that I&#039;ve experienced are a little bit of cramping around the time I would normally have a period, but nothing too bad. I have gotten a little more emotional since being on the pill and have had a small acne issue around my jawline, which I had never had before, but nothing that bad. My sex drive did go down a bit in the first couple of months, but then I was back to normal. I highly recommend Seasonique to anyone who&#039;s considering it for birth control. I mean, you can&#039;t beat only four periods a year. "
"I got the skyla one week ago. Insertion was uncomfortable but I think my nerves got the best of me and made it worst. Like many other people, I read all the horror stories of insertion being incredibly painful. I was shaking the entire time because I was so nervous and it was just a lot of pressure that was over really quicklg. Post insertion I have cramps no worse than period cramps and very light spotting which I expect to be over soon. 
Don&#039;t let all the horror stories scare you. Everyone is different. The IUD is worth it, you are 20 less likely to have an unplanned pregnancy with it than you are with regular  birth control pills. Insertion is not fun but being pregnant is even less fun."
"I have been on a lot of pills and this one has to be the worst. I never had acne before and as soon as I started this pill my face has been broken out. I have gained weight. I am depressed all month and have horrible PMS. But I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and my period seems to be the same."
"I have had chronic back and neck pain for several years and have tried almost all pain medicines, my last was Percocet 10mg 6 times a day along with Flexaril 20mg 4 times a day. Now I take 2 Embeda 20mg a day and feel great. So far I have not had any side effects."
"Long term use of opiates for chronic back pain had given me constipation so severe, it caused a rectal prolapse. I recently had a subtotal colectomy, yet the cramping, gas and constipation continued. My pain management N.P. recently gave me samples of the 25 mg. tabs. I am thrilled to report that after 3 days of being on this drug, my constipation has responded very favorably, with no obvious side effects so far. I was previously using Relistore inj., which only worked sporadically at best, and with excessive cramping. I also take Linzess which along with a recent subtotal colectomy has improved my colonic inertia caused by the years of narcotic use. This new drug is truly a Godsend for me!!"
"Absolutely miracle med for smoking cessation!  I smoked for 15 yrs (anywhere from 2-4 packs/day).  Had the attitude, &quot;if I quit, I quit; if I don&#039;t, I don&#039;t&quot;.  Within 10 days I stopped.  I did experience a few side-effects that were no big deal (insomnia, funny taste in mouth). I didn&#039;t have a &quot;stop-date&quot; just one day I lit a cigarette, took about three drags then put it out.  That was 14 yrs ago.  Took me about 5 yrs to say I quit - I always said, &quot;I haven&#039;t had a cigarette in a while&quot;.  I still have my 1/2 carton as my trophy ;-)"
"I took plan b within 24 hours &amp; im now 8 weeks pregnant with the dates matching up perfectly to the specific night. I hope people don&#039;t 100% rely on this to work because I am walking proof that it doesn&#039;t always!"
"Very effective. No heartburn or difficulty swallowing, or other symptoms during therapy."
"I have been on medication for over 23 years and Saphris is a far better antipsychotic I have ever been prescribed. I feel more motivated, more social, my weight hasn&#039;t changed and am now enjoying life unlike the many years I spent on Largactil and other antipsychotics. I have also felt benefits in my sleeping pattern. Use this medicine right and you wont believe the change. I have Borderline Personality Disorder and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder but also use an antidepressant too."
"I was on Lyrica and had extreme cankles (swollen ankles) and 20 pound weight gain!  I am on Horizant now and lost the weight and lost the shingles pain too.  So thankful that my Dr switched me and that my ServU Pharmacy saved me money."
"I had a horrible experience with Excedrin Migraine. Shortly after taking it, my heart started racing super fast, I got extremely anxious, and my body started shaking. Like other people are saying, if you are sensitive to caffeine do not take this medicine. It didn&#039;t take my migraine away either so it&#039;s not worth it at all."
"I&#039;ve been on Quasense for about a year and a half and I love it! I had breakthrough bleeding during my first pack (the first 3 months) but have not had bleeding since. My body just needed to get used to the change in hormones and not having my period every month. I did gain a little weight but that could be unrelated. Big Fan!"
"Extremely drowsy, no difference in pain"
"Female (23) I was diegnosed with UC in 2008 at age 15. Got horrible abdominal pain, I&#039;d roll up in a ball n just cry, frequent bathroom trips, blood clots and dropped down to 100 pounds. I tried several medications none of them worked except prednizone.  I agree side affects are horribly I&#039;ve had different reactions all 3 times I been put on them feeling wired not sleeping till 6am looking like a chip munk, broke out in itchy bumps on my chest jaw line and back, joint pains BUT as others said it did stop my inflammation  immediately. After that I was put on azithiroprine and has been the only medication that has controlled my UC thank goodness . Don&#039;t let UC control you. You control UC! Always be srtong and very open minded about your disease "
"I&#039;m 25 single mother to 8 year old twins an IUD was my choice of birth control I&#039;ve had paragard over 5 years already and I can say it&#039;s perfect haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, period lasts about 3 days, no mood swings, no pain, no heavy period. I love it and I&#039;m happy I chose paragard I had used other birth control methods &amp; hated them if you&#039;re not planning to have kids soon this is the best method to avoid having any lol"
"I have been taking Savella for 8 weeks now. I was recently diagnosed with Fibromyalgia after battling with the symptoms for 4 years. At first, Savella was terrible. I took the titration pack which gradually ups the dose until you get to 50mg twice a day. I wanted to stop after the second day. I was feeling angry, having headaches, nausea, and some vomiting... you name the symptom and I had it. For whatever reason, I pushed through and it gradually become better. I noticed after a week I was waking up with more ease than I had in 4 years and I didn&#039;t have the overwhelming fatigue I usually did. The only side effect that I still have is hot flash/sweating. Sometimes it seems unbearable but compared to the fatigue/pain I think I can handle it."
"So, my Dr prescribed this Norethindrone 0.35 mg tablets. I&#039;ve only been on them 17 days, and I&#039;ve gained 15lbs. I am constantly bloated and always have severe cramping since I started. I spoke to my Dr last week and she swears there are no side effects. But all of a sudden I got a uti,yeast infection,always hungry. I decided to stop this pill as of now. *After reading all these horrible reviews I&#039;m done with these pills!*"
"This is a lifesaver. I don&#039;t use it every day and I only take 1 pill. Max is 2. It relieved it rather quickly! Took it before bed, felt better, and was able to sleep after a whole day of gas and bloating. I should have taken this sooner!"
"I had struggled with moderate acne for 4 years. I tried every lotion and potion possible on prescription and every medicated facial wash available for acne prone skin. Nothing worked. Finally after a year of waiting for an appointment my dermatologist prescribed 30mg of isotretinoin (roaccutane).  It has taken about 3 months to start to see an improvement and now almost 6 months in my skin is completely clear. It has really helped my self confidence. The good thing is my clear skin will be permanently clear and the dreaded acne will not return. Other than severely dry lips and quite a few nose bleeds (although not as many as I thought) my side effects have been minimal. Stick with it, it definitely works, you just have to be patient."
"I delivered packages for 32 years. 6 years ago I had such horrible neck pain and the dr did an xray and said bone spurs and take up to 16 ibuprofen a day and stretch.  I had physical therapy, accupuncture, chiro, massage, traction and headaches, ear, neck and pain behind the eyes.  I retired early because of this, then three weeks ago, slurred speech, dizziness, headache and finally went to a neurologist, he put me on gabapentin, and after 3 days, little pain, I am now on three times a day and ZERO pain pills.....zero for the first time in 6 years!!!  The only side effect is a little sleepy but my energy level is way up and I can sleep wonderfully  now.  God bless the Neurologist and gabapentin.  My life has changed for the best."
"These drops helped me so much. I was in severe pain for 8 days before I finally found a doctor who would prescribe them to me. I went to the ER 5 days in a row before I got any relief."
"They&#039;ll have to pry my Effexor out of my cold dead hands! It helps so much with my fibromyalgia pain as well as my anxiety."
"Cool concept, stays in for three years, don&#039;t have to worry about a thing. Except that for the first 6 months I had a period every other week. Oh, and I break-out all over my face, chest, and back like a teenager going through puberty. For me, not worth it but I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I got this as a recommendation from my OB/GYN after getting a culture tested and I was told I had a YI. 

Directly after inserting my very first tube, my vagina is on FIRE. I showered as I thought the warm water might ease the pain, NOPE. I was literally shaking for an hour and a half because I was in such bad pain. 

"
"They gave me Zolfren in the ER when I was very nauseous and it wouldn&#039;t cease.  It took two, but then I felt human again.  Since then since I have IBS and get nausea occasionally still, I use it and it stops it cold.  If I am highly nauseous it takes longer to work, and I have to take two Zolfren.  I was told they give this to babies and chemo patients and that aren&#039;t any side effects.  I salute this medication; for me it is a life saver."
"The pharmaceutical group that developed this treatment is trying to recoup their cost in 1 year, they are a greedy group as they all are and should be called out. Disgusting."
"In my 25 years of being put on various medications, this is--by far--the best.  I suffered from anxiety and PTSD, which (of course) would lead to depression.  I&#039;d contend with crying spells and outbursts of anger.  The first few days of taking 75 mg/day, I did have some side effects (such as racing thoughts, sleeplessness, etc.), but my body adjusted quickly.  I now wake up every day feeling more hopeful, and with ZERO crying spells.  I am still ME, and never feel like a zombie.  I am still aware of my surroundings and what annoys me, yes, but my RECOVERY from processing those things is much faster, and I bounce right back.  In other words, my perspective of things is normalized, and my days aren&#039;t ruined.  Wonderful stuff!"
"Was reading the other comments.  Maybe our taste buds vary greatly. MoviPrep tastes like Lemon Sorbet - intense lemon flavor, heavily sweetened - to mask the taste of whatever Moviprep taste like..  But I didn&#039;t find the taste objectionable. Just like a very intense sorbet. It worked quickly - came out in 4 sittings over a half hour.  I used it for all 3 of my colonoscopy and plan on using it for my 4th and final."
"It is good for UTI but it&#039;s not good for the body at all!! the second day I started having muscle problems, sleeping problems, anxiety..."
"Would not recommend. It might work for some women, but I personally bled heavily for two weeks straight every two weeks and the doctors told me I wasn&#039;t giving it enough time but it&#039;s been a year. Which is 1/3 of the time it can even be in there. If you haven&#039;t had children yet I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"As a colon cancer patient, I have had colonoscopies every 6 months for years.  As an old pro, I must say that I have NEVER experienced anything remotely as totally ineffective as this supposed preparation.  As a result, I must reschedule for after the first of the year and pay my full medical deductible immediately, rather than no cost because deductible is already met for this year.  My husband will be docked pay for taking off to drive me.  I will have to take another week off blood thinner.  And I feel nauseated, bloated, and angry.  Shame on prepopik for taking good folks&#039; money with false claims!"
"I used to have migraines for so many years, no treatments work until I have BOTOX injections. Now just use over the counter medications."
"I have had migraines for nearly 7 years (I&#039;m 23) day in day out to some degree. I first started treatment on pain relief, which did very little for my migraines. Got eventually referred to a Neurologist, who couldn&#039;t work out why I was getting headaches and put me on various medications such as Mirtazepine, Topiramate, Sodium Valproate, Venlafaxine and various other antiepileptics and antidepressants, all to no effect. 

Amitriptyline was prescribed to help my sleeping at 10mg a night, but alleviated my migraines slightly. Dose was increased to 50mg gradually and my headaches subsided massively. Amitriptyline only prevents migraines for me, it doesn&#039;t treat them. Quality stuff, God send!"
"This is helping a lot, after 6years of pills and heroin used, I can finally work every day again buy groceries and started paying down my 6year old credit card debt, I was also an acholholic before I found opioids 6years ago, now I found  
Doc to put me on suboxone 8_2s, life so far much better without the daily chase and almost weekly nasty withdrawals, that almost ended my marriage and good job. I almost lost my house from the cost of my street bought 
opioid dependence, in fact if it weren&#039;t  for my younger brother and his $12,000.00 I would  have.This RX my not be for everyone but so far so good. My GOD bless the weak, sick and hurt. :-)"
"So far it&#039;s doing me pretty well. The first day I started this birth control I did expedience nausea, but I haven&#039;t had it sense. It&#039;s cleaning my acne wich is awesome!!"
"I  had a very bad cold to the point of settling in my chest. I took Delsym 12 hour to help. I couldn&#039;t believe it really worked to keep my cough at bay, but I started to have severe side effects from it. I had dizziness like I was going to blackout, heart palpitations, SOB (shortness of breath), diarrhea and vomiting at the same time (sitting on toilet and holding a bucket at the same time wanting to pass out from the dehydration). Never again, I&#039;ll stick with Creomulsion."
"After years of suffering from ever-worsening anxieties, I finally told my Dr &amp; she prescribed 20mg of Citalopram. I noticed w/in the first 20 mins or so of taking it I got super drowsy &amp; dizzy. I have vertigo, &amp; it kind of felt like that, but with the added drowsiness. This lasted for about a week &amp; then stopped. The drowsiness only came back after I drank alcohol, but even that side effect has since stopped. My family remarked how happy &amp; like myself again I was after about 2 weeks &amp; that&#039;s when I realized it was helping. I did notice that I couldn&#039;t seem to shut up, I had an increase in energy, loss of appetite, excess sweating/sensitivity to heat, lost 25 lbs, had mood swings &amp; extra trouble sleeping. I still feel way better now, though!"
"I am on Chantix since last Monday, February 3rd 2013. Tomorrow is my 8 day-quitting day, so lets see. I am still smoking, but as half as I did before. Usually I smoked around 10-15 cigarettes/day, and now I can see that I cut this amount into half at least. My worst enemy is MORNING COFFEE and I realized that I am smoking a few especially during that time. I am going to try to cut off coffee especially in the morning time. About side effects I worried a lot before when I started with medications,  but so far NONE. I follow instructions and some other review helped a lot, always drink a pill during or right after the meal with a full glass of water. The only &quot;side effect&quot; is DREAMS, but nothing to be afraid of its just a dreams!"
"It works for me. Years of PMT now I feel normal."
"I get stress migraines I take a Treximet and with in an hour or 2 my headache is gone. When I first started taking it I would feel the &quot;elephant on my chest&quot; feeling similar to the Imitrex. But after the first few times I don&#039;t get that feeling anymore. What I really like about it is, if I take one at bedtime not only does it cure my migraine but I sleep so good and I wake up feeling so relaxed. All my muscles in my neck, shoulders and back that were tight and stressed are released from the tension."
"So I was originally on Junel fe but that was a horror show with all the mood swings, bleeding, acne and just horrible nausea. I lost 11 pounds on that so beware. Anyway, once I told my doctor, she prescribed this. The first pack caused some nausea, a small break out and just an odd feeling. once I got that under my belt, I&#039;ve had no problems! I&#039;m on my fourth pack starting today and it&#039;s been great. Clear face, light periods, and doesn&#039;t make me gain weight. How ever, I must say around the placebo week, I get so bloated, horrible cramps and headaches...otherwise, it&#039;s been great. So the effectiveness of it, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet, knock on wood. Just keep taking the pill at the correct time and you&#039;ll be fine!"
"So, I&#039;ve been on depo for two years now. And I&#039;ll say, it has been the worst! I&#039;ve gained 12 lbs. I have constant headaches and backaches. I&#039;m very moody. I spot one month after getting the shot up until I get the next shot, then it repeats. I have bad cramps, and lots of hot flashes. I&#039;m getting off the shot next month because this just isn&#039;t the BC for me."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for the past 5 days and have noticed a significant change in my personality. My children told me that I am way cooler on my medication. I have not felt like this EVER. Cymbalta is better than Prozac, Paxil, and Depakote, for sure. Prozac made me more anxious and depressed, Paxil made me angry, and Depakote made me lethargic. I must say that I don&#039;t particularly like the side effects of Cymbalta, but this medication makes me feel like a human being, instead of an irritable, depressed, worried mess."
"I have Bi-Polar II. Have suffered from depression, hypo-mania, and anxiety. One thing constant was difficulty sleeping. Sometimes night after night. I would just lay there and my mind would race. I have been taking Trazadone for a little over a year. 50mg-100 if needed. I&#039;ve taken as much as 100, but often 50 then another 25 if needed. It&#039;s the best sleep I have ever had. I sleep through the night. If I have to get up for the bathroom, I fall right back to sleep. If I take higher doses I do get some grogginess, occasional blurry vision, and joint ache. But getting good sleep is worth it and helps with my other bi-polar symptoms. These days I&#039;ve only been taking 50 but it  still works and side effects are fewer."
"I took this and it&#039;s the best thing I have ever tried. The first couple of days I went by the directions then I doubled the dose. And I lost 20 pounds in 2 weeks.  It did make me feel very jittery and my heart rate was going 90 to nothing but I was determined to lose weight.! And a little information DO NOT I repeat ( DO NOT ) take Fastin before you get in a tanning bed. Tan first then take it. It made me very very strange in a bad way.  I&#039;m no doctor but when I increased my dose I had the shaking and the increased heart rate. But It never harmed me."
"I have been taking Phentermine for 6 months. I was 250lbs 5&#039;10&quot; male. One day got tired with shortness of breath just taking a shower, that opened my eyes that I needed help. Now I&#039;m 190lbs just taking this miracle medicine and just walk the dog type of exercise. Breakfast - Cheerios/2% lowfat milk and bagels with cream cheese. Lunch - chicken salad or shrimp salad with low fat dressing. Dinner - before 6pm - KFC grilled chicken 2pc. mash potatoes or rice. SNACK - 8pm any real fruit. AVOID ALL SODA EVEN DIET SODA, FRUIT DRINKS, ICE CREAM ANYTHING SWEET. &quot;WATER ONLY!&quot; It will be tough at first but stick to this for 1 month and you have survived. You WILL lose 10-15lbs. CHECK AND RECORD WEIGHT DAILY SAME TIME BEFORE BREAKFAST. GOOD LUCK."
"I have been on Ritalin for 5 months now and it works great for my ADHD. I wish I would have been on it when I was in high school maybe I would have finished high school. I am 25 yrs old and I&#039;m going for my G.E.D so I can go to College. I am so happy now I can concentrate and do things that I was never able to do. The only con is that it is not lasting as long as it did when I first got on it. I really believe Ritalin saved my life."
"I was taking Orsythia for a few years then went off birth control for 3 months; when I re-started taking it about a month ago I was prescribed Aviane (which from my understanding is the exact same med as Orsythia). I think it is just my body adjusting to the change of hormones but my hair has been thinning out; I&#039;ve been shedding a lot extra. I assume it will stop in a couple months once my body adjusts, but was just wondering if anyone had any knowledge if this was normal. So far that is the only bothersome side effect I&#039;ve ever noticed. I definitely have noticed that when on birth control I do not get acne, but when I am on it I usually have pimples."
"I took the pill after the condom broke three months ago. I was not, nor had ever been on any form of birth control. I experienced some cramping and minor dizziness for the next 2-3 days. Then, I got my period on the 21st day of my cycle (a week early). The next month my period was two weeks late, but finally came on the 42nd day. The prolonged start date was probably a mix of side effects from the pill and stress about the possibility of pregnancy. During the few abnormal cycles, I did not take any other form of medication. Overall, I did not get pregnant, so the pill served its purpose."
"While using this med. I opened the top turned it sprayed while inhaling and it would not stop spraying almost choking me and taking my breath away I dropped it on the table and it continued spraying for about a minute. I called the company and after being transferred and 15 mins. later they were of no help whatsoever. I told the last girl I spoke their product sucks, it is obvious these people don&#039;t care what happens to anyone using their product. I will also be contacting FDA."
"Periods now occur on-time, every month (sometimes I don&#039;t have one, but generally I do), whereas before I never knew when it was coming and went as long as six months without one only to have the bathroom looking like a horror film for weeks on end when it finally came.

My facial hair hasn&#039;t gone away, although I have noticed the stuff that grows back isn&#039;t as bristly."
"I&#039;ve been taking variants of this medication for the last 17 years, moving to the XL version when it became available to me as it causes less issues with being able to get to sleep.  It is absolutely essential to my quality of life, with the XL version giving me less exposure to the side effects of a missed day of medications as well.  It took about 3 months for the &quot;built up&quot; effect to really work, where it had residual effect for a couple days.

My point is, that if you haven&#039;t taken this medication for some reason, and you have depression, talk to your doctor about it.  It has made all the difference in my life from the time I was 13 to 30."
"I&#039;m taking both medications for pain after my back surgery.  It works but pain comes back about an hour before I&#039;m scheduled to take another dose."
"Highly effective for maxillary sinusitis. Works quickly. Works very well."
"Have been a very angry man for a long time, and was fed up with being mad and guilty about my anger. Bit the bullet and went to the doctor all my blood work was green. So we tried Viibryd I&#039;m on week 4 and no adverse reactions beyond mild dry mouth, and a tighness in my jaw muscles. I think this is what normal people feel like, I feel happy, less guilt, WAY less anger. BUT blue cross says they might not pay for it, however if I continue to feel this way, or better I will pay for it gladly. I recommend it."
"Yesterday I  took my first dose as an infection preventative so that my toe nail that was butchered off by a nail shop would not get infected. Two hours later my tongue was painful and felt heavy and swollen, my throat tightened and a sore of some sort popped up inside the inner cheek of my mouth. It was hard and painful like an abscess. My eyes turned blood shot red. I have been looking like a GD zombie for almost 24hrs. 12 hours later after taking the medication yesterday my tongue is no longer sore, but today the sore in mouth is still present. The sore no longer hurts though. I&#039;m itching like crazy, and I&#039;m having flu like symptoms."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication along side amoxicillin and the taste in my mouth just won&#039;t go away! Pain has gone and ulcers surrounding my abscess have also gone! Just the disgusting taste, metallic, gross to be honest! And feeling sick ALL the time! 
Anyone else suffer with this!?"
"I am 60 years old and have been using Climara 50 patches since 2008 (9 years).  It has definitely relieved the night sweats and the constant anxiety feeling.  I have tried a couple of times to go on a half dose but the symptoms resume, but I will try again. I have never had problems with the patch itself.  The edge can be a little sticky when I put it on, but I always wipe a smear of talcum powder around it to prevent it sticking to my clothes.  I now have a serious hearing problem (not resolved) so of course I&#039;m concerned that it may be connected with this medication, but six years ago I had a massive amount of antibiotics for a staph infection following surgery, so of course this could be the cause."
"I&#039;m a 48 year old male my T-level was 188. I started on Axiron with one pump for two weeks. Then went to two pumps for three months. I had my T-level checked and now I&#039;m at 398. I feel a lot better now. No more muscle fatigue and my libido is up. I have noticed some hair growing back in my bald spot. I will stay on Axiron for three more months and have my T-level checked again."
"I just wanted to say that this med so far has saved my life!! What a blessing. I have tried just about everything for migraine prevention, migraine onset, I have made trip after trip to the ER because I am vomiting so much from my migraines and they are unresponsive to all treatment. I see a neuro for the migraines, an oral surgeon for my TMJ, and my pcp. I have tried and failed topamax, trokendi, amitriptyline, nortriptyline, immitrex, fioracet, and more. It wasn&#039;t until my pcp prescribed propanolol that I finally got some relief from everyday headaches and chronic 3x a week migraines at least. Instantly after my first two doses of this medication (he started me at 10mg only) I felt extremely better. Helps my anxiety too! A+++"
"Abilify works wonders for my OCD, Bipolar disorder, and anxiety disorders, but what&#039;s not listed is how much it helps with my eating disorder, which is Purge-Type Anorexia Nervosa, and body dysmorphia. With such low side effects, and such a wide range of disorders treatable with this medication, I consider Abilify a miracle pill for people with mental health problems of many kinds. Several of my friends, including my boyfriend, are also currently prescribed Abilify for a wide range of disorders and we all love it."
"I have IBS along side Colitis and also have had regular pure Chronic Nausea since I was a young teen and I&#039;m 34 now and still have the problems. I pretty much have all the basic nausea meds so when one isn&#039;t working I have others I can fall back on. But the 2 that are the most potent are Zofran and Compazine. And out of those 2 the most potent for me is still the generic Compazine, even after all these years of taking it. The only downside is its a fairly old antipsychotic which means it comes with some fairly rough side effects sometimes. There have been a couple times I&#039;ve gotten the side effect of Dystonic effects with are horrible to go through. So now when I take my Compazine I take it with 50mg of Diphenhydramine (Benadryl)."
"Got it inserted mid July 2015. Didn&#039;t have any problems or lasting pain at the insertion site. Healed quickly. Had my period when I got it, stopped 3 days later like normal. Didn&#039;t bleed again until mid Oct and that was only spotting over 2 days. Haven&#039;t bled again since (now January 4, 2016) 

My sex drive did dip low for about 2 months and I was moodier than normal but I knew and expected that based on researching before deciding on getting it, so my husband was prepared lol.

Most the time now I forget it&#039;s even in my arm and you can&#039;t even tell it&#039;s there unless you&#039;re feeling for it.

Its nice to not have to worry about taking a pill everyday, scheduling an appointment every 3 months for the shot or worring about an IUD shifting."
"Not ONLY the pain from rheumatoid arthritis - Arava made my hair fall out, lump in esophagus, and chronic throat infection."
"Started on Victoza 10/10/10 on 0.6 for one week then 1.2 for the second week and finally onto 1.8 the third week also whilst taking Victoza was taking metformin 2x500g twice daily, pioglitzones (Actos) 60g twice daily, gliclizide 160g twice daily. Have found that L have had some weight loss but not that much maybe 12/15lbs but can not afford to lose the weight as I am now down to 11 stone or there abouts. Side effects: not sure if this is just because of the Victoza or because of all the medicine I am taking together: sickness, vomiting, headaches lots and lots of gas. Burps really stink of EGGS find that this happens mostly at night time waking me up and then eases off during the day. Blood sugar not too bad but not great."
"I am a big guy, 6&#039;3&quot;, 265 lbs. I took first dose at 5pm, gulped it down in 5 min immediate followed by required water over the next 20 min. Did not use any tricks just gulped it down...wasn&#039;t the most pleasant but not bad enough that I could not do it. Everyone is different, just went at it with the attitude I had to do it! Followed with lots of rumbles in the tummy but did not have to &quot;go&quot; for almost 2 hours! Was wondering if it was working, if I did something wrong or what? Turns out everyone reacts differently and it was working fine. Repeated the process at three in the morning, and by the end it just looked like pee which turns out what it is suppose to do! Overall, a good experience since now I know it was working."
"Mixed it with half a packet of lemon-lime Crystal Light and refrigerated it. Didn&#039;t find the taste bad at all; consistency a bit weird (like watery maple syrup). No cramping, tiny bit of bloating until it started working. Drank a cup every 10 minutes. Started working 45 minutes after 1st dose (15 minutes after the 4th). Was able to sleep; did need to get up once. Second prep in morning; started working pretty much with the 1st dose. Pretty much ran its course after 2 hours."
"I took Ambien for a couple of nights, great drug, really works, slept like a baby deeply. Felt drugged the next day but I&#039;m very sensitive to these feelings. Then I decided to not take it again, and had &quot;rebound insomnia&quot; the first night, that was last night. Today I feel very tired after getting maybe 1 or 2 hours of sleep last night. I&#039;m going to try everything I know to get a good nights sleep tonight. Usually I do not need any sleep aids at all. Only took it recently because my sleep got messed up after a travel and being in a difficult place to sleep."
"I switched to Tri-Sprintec because I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and it was getting too expensive. I was terrified after reading reviews so thought I needed to post mine saying I noticed no change. I&#039;ve always had blemishes so I don&#039;t blame Tri-Sprintec for that. It&#039;s not any worse. No bleeding, period the same time and length and flow as before. No moodiness or cramps. My experience (two months so far) is that I feel like I&#039;m still on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, my side effects didn&#039;t change at all but I&#039;m saving so much money!"
"Very helpful in reducing anxiety for me.  It is fast-acting, and it made a difference in me being able to keep up with my job.  Now, I&#039;m on Klonopin though since the doctor said that it stays in the system longer for anxiety.  However, the fast relief of Xanax works very well when an immediate spike in anxiety happens.  The effects usually only last a few hours for me, and I can understand how it can be addictive for this reason, but it&#039;s been great for immediate panic symptoms and helpful with focusing.  I did not notice that &quot;drugged up,&quot; foggy feeling on a small dose of .5 mg-1 mg as needed."
"I have been taking 4 x Pentasa 500mg twice daily since I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s in June this year.  I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects but my stomach cramping, bloating, gas and just general pain has dramatically decreased so I think it is helping!  Yay.  My specialist has advised that if my symptoms don&#039;t totally subside on this medication I&#039;ve to try a steroid so hopefully it continues to work for me.  Thankfully I&#039;m in Scotland as well so I don&#039;t need to pay for the prescription."
"I couldn&#039;t be happier with how this drug has helped my daughter.  She&#039;s been taking it for 8 months now, with absolutely no problems.  We tried 2 doses of 4-hour methalyn first, but it just didn&#039;t seem to help much.  She&#039;s getting all A&#039;s in school and will actually be tested for the &#039;gifted&#039; program next year because of this medicine allowing her to focus and concentrate on her school work.  The only &#039;slight&#039; con I have is when it wears off, she&#039;s a little moody, but she gets over that quickly."
"I was prescribed Effexor after a really bad anxiety attack about 3 years ago. At first, it was really great. Less suicidal thoughts, my anxiety wasn&#039;t as bad, but I wasn&#039;t eating. I had absolutely no appetite whatsoever, I starved myself until I lost 20 lbs and they increased my dosage from 37.5 to 150 mg. It&#039;s years later and I now suffer from an eating disorder that I didn&#039;t before. The side effects; dizziness, bad coordination, insomnia, headaches, lightheadedness, and especially the fatigue, all impacted my life to the point where I dropped out of high school. The withdrawals, which occur after 24 hours of not taking the pill, make you feel inhuman. I was better before."
"First time colonoscopy.  Took first dose at 2pm with a lemon wedge chaser to kill the anticipated aftertaste then 32oz of water quickly thereafter.  Most taste was gone after the lemon juice.  It&#039;s a lot of fluid to drink at once but not that bad. 15 min later I was off to the toilet...off and on for the next 11/2 hrs (not stuck on toilet for the entire time though) this stuff really works.  Next dose at 8pm, with the same result as the first time.  I was able to go to bed at 11pm with no further effects.  Got up at 6am feeling good for my 8am procedure.  Doctor said the prep worked well.  I tolerated this bowel prep pretty well and didn&#039;t suffer any side effects other than the urge to go."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for almost 2 months now. My migraines were out of control and this has definitely helped them some and I&#039;m extremely grateful for that. However, the side effects hit me really really hard! In the beginning, the pins and needles in my hands and feet were so, so bad. I would wake up in the middle of the night yelling about how bad my feet hurt, because they woke me up. I had trouble touching things and picking things up because of the pins and needles in my hands (and occasionally still do). And for a while I was really, really spacey and slurred a lot of words and couldn&#039;t hold a conversation or do much of anything. I go back to the doctor soon for my follow up appointment, so I guess we&#039;ll see what happens."
"After reading all the reviews, there are a good number of them that sound the same (mentioning it is pricey but worth it, and that it works right away), and I wonder if this is company reviews rather than women like me."
"I was prescribed this for my allergies and took it only a couple of times.  I have an auto-immune disorder that causes dry eyes and this medicine made them drier. It also made them itch more and become redder."
"Result:
*  Examining physician remarked at clarity of examination conditions

Taste:
*  Not great, but comparable to cough syrup - tolerable
*  By reference, I have paid good money (in my younger day) to drink more than a few shots of whiskey that were much tougher to swallow than this stuff..........

Experience post ingestion:
*  Began expelling within 20 minutes
*  Continued expelling roughly every hour to hour and a half through the night
*  Limited rest over night due to frequent expulsion, but for the positive results (see above), absolutely a tolerable down side tolerate

Conclusion:
*  Med was effective at delivering intended result in my case and well worth the noted challenges above to get the desired outcome."
"Been taking Saxenda for 2 weeks and am on 1.8mg, going up to 2.4 today. Down 5 pounds! Goal is to lose 30 more. It has greatly reduced my appetite and any cravings. Few side effects: dehydrated, vomited once, nauseous here and there. I inject in the evening. Bought needles quite I expensively off Amazon. My insurance won&#039;t pay for it so I ordered it from a reputable Canadian pharmacy. I have hypothyroidism and am menopausal so losing wt is very hard. I have high hopes Saxenda will work for me!"
"For 10 years, I have been experiencing severe itching along my jawline right up to the ears.  I was seen by my primary care providers and also a few dermatologists.  They were not able to diagnose the problem and suggested Cortisone.  I do not like Cortisone, as it &quot;thins&quot; the skin.  Finally, one of my providers suggested Eczemin Cream.  I tried it and it is the only thing that relieves the &quot;itch.&quot;  I wouldn&#039;t want to be without it.  It&#039;s a MUST and goes in my &quot;travel&quot; bag."
"I can&#039;t tolerate Xanax and this works very well for me."
"In my travels, I keep a couple of combo acetymenophin/codeine derivative pills available, in the case of either diarrhea or sleepnessness.

I  use it very sparingly and never combine it with alcoholic drinks.

Quite satisfactory--worth toting around.  

Long shelf life, apparently."
"Have been on Fentanyl 50 mcg patches for 3  years.  Tried name brand Duragesic-worked best, Mylan-stuck best/less relief, Watson and Sandoz generic worked similarly, but Sandoz do not stick as well.   Watson seem to work best in the first 24 hrs, while Sandoz lasts longer.  To keep from falling off: 3M Tegaderm film transparent dressing.  4inch x 4 and 3/4 inch size works best for 50mcg  size patches.  Tegaderm patches usually available from the pharmacy counter-no script needed.  Put over the patch when you first apply it - you will survive hot showers, etc.  Menopause/ hot flashes-another story, as the perspiration is under the patch which inhibits its ability to osmose the medicine.  Best to change every 48-60 hrs for best pain relief."
"I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (Before my traumatic event, I was already an anxious person). Neurontin calms me like Klonopin, but helps me focus instead of sedating me. I take 300mg 4x a day, so it doesn&#039;t make me tired. It makes me very talkative, which is strange. I talk to random people sometimes, which is unlike me. "
"This shot took me from 0-10 in seconds. My emotions were all over the place. I cried all the time was just going crazy from hormones. I then became severely anemic due to bleeding the entire time on the shot. So tired muscle cramps and out of breath. I took it due to the fact I was Breast feeding."
"This BC was great for the first pack then I started bleeding non stop heavy. Bleeding stopped as soon as I quit taking it!! Never again!!!"
"I have suffered with ulcers on my ankles (poor circulation) for years.  Every once in awhile one if not both will get infected.  Legs swell and skin turns purple as well as becoming very sensitive.  The ulcers feel as though hot needles are being shoved into them.  Keflex always knocks out the infection within a few days."
"Maxalt does work. Usually Fioricet works but when my migraine becomes worse Fioricet doesn&#039;t do anything and Maxalt does the trick!"
"I just started Lexapro a week and a half ago.  I noticed results almost immediately.  The only side effect I encountered was a slight light-headed feeling that has since subsided for the most part.  I have felt like hell and have been struggling with anxiety/depression for the past six years without medication.  This stuff has literally saved my life.  I feel like my old self again.  My only regret is that I didn&#039;t try it sooner."
"I experienced insomnia due to the stress of repeated night wakings from my baby coinciding with my husband leaving for a week at a time for work. I began with 7.5mg and it worked like a charm from the beginning. Some drowsiness in the morning but nothing a cup of coffee wouldn&#039;t cure. I gained 7 lbs but I am keeping track of calories now and that is almost off again. Could not say for certain if it was a result of this medicine because that happens if I am not paying attention anyway. Baby still wakes at night at times but I can go right back to sleep on this. I would recommend it to anyone with sleep issues."
"Prescribed for BP but also nearly eliminated migraines. I started having migraines 13 years ago and high BP 1 year ago. My first BP prescription was 5-10mg amlodipine daily. It lowered my BP and *almost* more importantly nearly eliminated all migraines (from previous 2-3 per month to a few for the year of which none were severe enough to require real migraine medications). I believe amlodipine has also expanded and intensified whatever fatigue I might normally experience, but *for me* that is an acceptable tradeoff (yes, fatigue can be limiting, but migraines are limiting and excruciatingly painful). I can see where a person taking amlodipine only for BP might be unhappy with the side effects, but the migraines are far far worse."
"Cannot wait to get off this pill...horrible mood swings!  Extremely irritable, crying at everything, beginning to dislike my husband (not good!), feel like I am coming out of my skin some days, I cannot stand myself and I&#039;m pretty sure my family is starting to feel the same.  Took me a couple of months to figure out it was the pill causing it, since this all started after I started taking it 4 months ago.  I started with it to help with very heavy periods, it is helping with that although I did have a 2 week period last month which is never enjoyable.  Pretty sure this pill is causing me to have this PMDD which I have never experienced before.  It&#039;s horrible.  Switching to something else so hopefully it will get better!"
"I have had the implanon implant for the past 7 years. My experience has been very positive, I have had complete loss of period since getting the implant and no noticeable side effects apart from a lower sex drive which I have only discovered since getting it removed. 2 months ago I had my third implant removed after talking with my boyfriend and deciding that I no longer required birth control and would like to experience my natural body cycles again. I have had a few side effects since getting it removed but nothing too bad (some break outs, exhaustion, lack of motivation), only my period still hasn&#039;t returned yet. My doctor said it may take a few months, so hopefully it returns soon."
"The label with dosage information is not clear. Under the last bottle I bought, the label was very clear: 10 ml not to exceed 6 doses per day. The new bottle dosage says: 20 ml every 12 hours. So which is it? 10 as needed, or 20 every 12 hours. Plus the direction information is under one of those &quot;peel corner...&quot; tabs. It is very difficult to peel the corner off without destroying the dosage information and directions. I had to call a pharmacist to get an answer as to how much I should take. First pharmacist said  2 Tbls = 10 ml. Then another said 2 tsp = 10 ml. Very confusing label."
"Started mtx in early 2010, I was on it the better part of the last 5  years.  I&#039;m also on my fourth biologic.  I take 2mg of folic acid daily.  Last May I did a four day stretch in hospital because of bone marrow suppression.  RBC, WBC, ANC, platelets and hemoglobin were very low.  (ANC under 200).  I was given leucorvorin rescue.  This is a very rare side effect for low dose mtx.  Although the drug only gave me a 10 to 20% improvement, the biologic gives me 60 to 90%.  Now I&#039;m about to start Arava, I wish I could retry the mtx at half dose as it doesn&#039;t cause much in the way of minor side effects.  I often think of Huey Lewis and his song &quot;I want a new drug&quot;."
"Voltaren gel is very helpful and good for any type of pain. 
ALWAYS ask your Doctor to prescribe. It works well on my pains. I have a spine injury, had 4 back surgeries, also in my shoulders I have bursitis pain and a rotator cuff tear. 
Voltaren also comes in a 12 hour patch, it works well too."
"It always works!"
"I took Requip for Restless Legs Syndrome about 2 years ago.  To this day I don&#039;t know what precipitated the condition but I was completely satisfied with Requip.  It is noteworthy, however, I only had to take it a dozen times in 2 years.  If it were a chronic condition, I don&#039;t know if it would have been effective.  Best of luck.   
"
"This is the first birth control where I haven&#039;t had spotting or had an allergic reaction to! I just finished my third pack last night, and the week I was supposed to have my period was the best it&#039;s been in a long time. I did cramp a little the first two days, but nothing ibuprofen can&#039;t fix. My period was so light I could get away with just wearing a liner and it only lasted about 2-3 days. This birth control hasn&#039;t helped with my acne at all, but I don&#039;t think it&#039;s necessarily worse which is a good thing. I&#039;ll be going on accutane soon for that anyways. Another thing to note is I ALWAYS take it at exactly the same time everyday with maybe a minute or so to spare, which I&#039;m sure is the reason I&#039;ve had such luck with it!"
"I usually use the equate off brand of monistat and have no problem whatsoever. Decided to use the monistat brand, my vagina is on fire. Have an ice pack on now....never again will I use this."
"Was able to get around  without shortness of breath and start exercising again. Waiting for insurance company to approve it. Very good med"
"Works fast and is great for anxiety.  Lasts a long time and really just calms me down through times of stress.  Don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"Med Fast diagnosed me with just flu symptoms and was send home with just an Albuterol prescription.  My Primary Care Doctor called me same day and from hearing my voice and telling him my symptoms, my Doctor immediately prescribed me Biaxin 500MG 1 pill 2 x a day for 7 days.  Within hours, fever and aches went away and I remain this way. Obviously, bacterial infection somewhere.  Biaxin is a wonderful medicine."
"Klonopin is a wonderful drug for anxiety and panic attacks.  However, once you start it is very hard to come off of.  I stopped for 2 yrs and it took me 8 months to feel normal again.  But if you really need it, this in my opinion works wonderful for anxiety and panic attacks."
"Been taking it for nausea while on chemo. IT works!!!  And at the same time I am actually feeling better, like maybe it has some sort of mood lifting properties!"
"I&#039;ve been on Alesse for three months now, and although I haven&#039;t suffered any weight loss/gain, acne or nausea I have felt extremely fatigued and lethargic. Not to mention the fact that my period would randomly start halfway through when I still had 7 or 8 active pills left. And when my period did start I would suffer bouts of depression, crying for no reason, spending all day in bed and entertaining a few suicidal thoughts. 

I will be discontinuing use of Alesse and I plan to speak with my doctor about other alternatives. 

As a contraceptive the pills work, but they are not worth the side effects I was eduring"
"I have been taking this pill for the past 3 years. I had been on a different pill before that uses a different combo of hormones.  I started Micronor because the other birth control made me have high levels of anxiety.  Ever since I switched it has been great!  No pregnancies and I honestly do not take it at the same time every night.  Anywhere between 9pm and 1am.  It has in fact stopped my period which is worrisome sometimes because it tells you you&#039;re not pregnant; however, I was very irregular even before birth control.  To everyone there I love this product!"
"Been taking lisinopril 10 mg for about 10 months and found it highly effective in controlling my high blood pressure from close to 150-78 down to about 119-65. No side effects experienced other than feeling slight dizziness when getting up from the floor after doing abdominals in the gym."
"If I could give this product a double negative I would. I Have used the 7 day treatment in the past but wanted to save some time &amp; bought the 3 day treatment. Let me start by saying this was the worst experience ever! I would&#039;ve been better off lighting my vagina on fire. Immediately after use the burning &amp; itching was unbearable, worse than the mild YI I was treating. I literally had to go take a sits bath and take an 800 mg ibuprofen. I will go back to the 7 day treatment and wish I could get my $20 back from this medication. This 3 day product should be banned!!"
"I have used this medicine since 1985 and it has worked well on seasonal allergies (grass pollen, tree, spores, etc.). It works best if used every day."
"I went to the gyno for the first time in April. I was not on BC but I was sexually active in a committed relationship. My German gyno with 50  years of experience recommended BC but I said I was not comfortable with it because of hormone things and other side effects I had heard of. She insisted and I caved. She told me to stop using condoms after the first two weeks of BC. I had never done that before. I read the BC prescription insert when I picked up the meds and decided it was safe to follow the doctor&#039;s advice. I TOOK EVERY PILL AROUND 7:00 EVERY DAY. Many won&#039;t believe me, but that doesn&#039;t matter because it&#039;s true. It is July. I am 6 weeks pregnant. Trust it if you want to, but mine isn&#039;t the only I got pregnant on Tri-Sprintec story."
"Asprin is much better,than Advil,Aleve for back pain and pain in joints. It&#039;s cheap and effective. The biggest disadvantage for aspirin is gastrointestinal disturbances."
"I had the nexplanon put in about two months ago and have only had one period since. The period was normal and light and lasted about 4 days. I had cramps during that time, but it was nothing unbearable. Since that time I have been happy to not have to take any oral contraceptives in a timely fashion. I&#039;ve heard a variety of stories from this form of birth control, but I would definitely recommend it to someone who doesn&#039;t want to take something daily! Also, the procedure does hurt a little, but they do numb you and it&#039;s very quick!"
"I was on the patch a year ago but everytime i put the patch on after my period i got severe nausea that left me in bed ALL day. I put up with this bc i loved the ease of the patch but it became too much. My college gyno switched me to sronyx. I love it! At first i got some cramps with my period which i had never gotten before but after a month of being on it that has gone away. I did not gain weight at all &amp; actually lost weight, though that may be from other problems (GERD). My period is also lighter and shorter. The only negative side effects i can say are that within the first month and a half  i was VERY moody. I got angry very easily, but that has gotten better. i also get more breakouts (chest, face, and back) but they are very minor."
"I was struggling with really bad cystic hormonal acne and frequent white heads. I looked horrible and felt depressed inside. I couldn&#039;t look anyone in the eyes. Acne has really sunked my self esteem. When I was on this for a week.. let me just say.. This works!! (For me) I tried everything there is.. Proactiv, antibiotics, eating better, going to a naturalist. This pill, in 2-3months, cleared my acne. It was like a miracle. I&#039;m so thankful for it and it only costs me $8. It saved my life basically!!"
"&quot;just stopped because I have been on it to long, it will cause bone loss&quot;

--&gt;Actually, this has recently been refuted! I almost had a hysterectomy last summer after my GYN told me I had to stop for bone loss &amp; the surgeon&#039;s a leading expert in her field - told me to ride the Depo Train as long as it prevents my god-awful periods &amp; then come back for the surgery.  She emailed me the studies, so I verified the info myself."
"I had this put in my arm in March of 2014. I have always had a problem with the spotting. It is so much more annoying and very inconvenient at times. I have the worst possible mood swings, I am so angry to my boyfriend and I feel awful because then 2 minutes later I will be loving again. so its very confusing to him, and me as well. I&#039;m sick of the mood swings, and the weight I&#039;ve gained with it, I used to have such a flat skinny tummy and now I don&#039;t anymore. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone, yes it prevents pregnancy but going through an emotional roller coaster and not knowing when your going to be done really sucks and is not worth the pain."
"I have been on Bydureon for approx. 8 weeks now. My morning glucose has gone from 230, down to 105 now. I don&#039;t really feel any different with it lower but it is probably helping my kidneys to preform better.  As far as the larger needle, I started injecting in my thigh and barely feel it. At first I was ravenous and was really surprised, now sometimes I have to remind myself to eat and eat much smaller portions.  I&#039;ve lost 16 lbs. and I&#039;m at the lowest weight I&#039;ve been in 35 years. When I first started, I would feel nausea and throw up for no reason when my dose was wearing off, the doctor said she had never heard of that complaint before!  My only complaint is that the medicine seems to stick to the vial and I really have to beat on it!"
"I am 16 years old and have been sweating like crazy since I started middle school. I always had to wear jackets and loose fitting shirts to hide my sweat stains. I was embarrassed to tell my mom, but I had enough. I talked to my mom about it and she told me that I should mention it to my doctor on the next visit. Which was luckily the next day. My doctor gave me Hypercare. I am on day 4 and it has helped a lot. The little &quot;dab-o-meter&quot; that came with it doesn&#039;t work so I have to dab my finger in it and apply it to my underarms. The first day it burned a little and stung but nothing too much. But on the 3rd day It was hard to fall asleep it was so itchy I couldn&#039;t take it, but I managed. Hypercare so far has done wonders for me."
"Just to update an older review:  Amlodipine has completely eliminated my migraines.  I haven&#039;t had a single migraine since I started taking 10mg of Amlodipine about 3.5 years ago.  I used to have 2-4 full blown 18 hour -2 day migraines a month.  No side effects or downside to medication so far.  It&#039;s worth a try."
"Pain started 2005, diagnosed rheumatoid arthritis 2010. Cannot tolerate methotrexate, sulfa medicines and prednisone has severe negative psychological side effects.  New Dr. in 2012 prescribed Enbrel. Took about 2 weeks to really kick on and then worked beautifully until recently. Now am having flares, swelling in AM, by mid week it wears off and I am hurting badly. At this point I am getting 2-3 good days out of 7 but I will continue as long as possible 2-3 out of 7 is better than 0-7. I miss when it worked all week. When Enbrel works it is awesome. I have used the Pfizer relief program and only pay $10 out of pocket. Without that it would have been too expensive even with our good insurance."
"I started taking Belviq two weeks ago. At first I only took one pill a day, but on week two I moved to two pills a day as prescribed. I&#039;ve lost 8lbs in two weeks by taking the pill as directed, twice a day, and maintaining my calorie intake (1200 or below). I&#039;ve also made sure I&#039;m drinking at least 100oz of water each day and have cut out sodas throughout the week. I have faith that I&#039;ll reach my Weightloss goal."
"I was prescribed Percocet for a foot injury. It was a lifesaver. Percocet dealt with the pain and helped my mood at the same time.  I have noticed others&#039; comments about its help with mood, and I have concluded that there is a correlation to its efficacy and anxiety.  "
"I had 2 doses of the shot. One in October 2016 and then Jan. 2017. I literally had a period from January til August! That&#039;s 8 whole months! I would not recommend this form of bc unless you don&#039;t mind bleeding. I had to start bc pills to regulate my period again."
"I started Adipex two days ago. I&#039;m 21 years old 5&#039; tall and weigh 158lbs. According to my BMI and my doctors visit I am at the breaking point of obesity. I have had many struggles in the past with getting back to my goal weight of 105-110 and decided to give Adipex a shot. Obesity runs in my family and I hope to stop the cycle. I haven&#039;t had any side effects so far except for occasional dry mouth so I just drink water which is good anyway. I have had a great experience so far with increased energy and a suppressed appetite. I want to keep up with at least exercising for 30min a day and eating better and hopefully I will see results at the end of month one. I want to be at my goal weight which is a loss of about 50lbs in around 8 months. Wish me luck!"
"I would never have a reclast infusion again. Felt OK for a couple of weeks and thought I had missed all the problems people reported from it.  After that my joints all started hurting and hurt for about 6 weeks. I felt so bad I didn&#039;t feel like doing anything, just sitting in a recliner hurt. It started to get some better and then my jaw started to hurt, it even made my teeth hurt on that side. I could hardly chew. It has slowly gotten better, but still hurts some, but has taken 6 months to finally start to feel like normal.. Will not do that again...."
"This worked really well. I&#039;ve taken the pills and they don&#039;t do anything for my chronic migraines. I did experience some mild tingling in my limbs a few minutes after and a weird warm, flushing feeling in my chest. The warm, flushing feeling in my chest came almost immediately after the injection. It didn&#039;t last long and my heartbeat was normal. At least, it felt normal.

Minor pain at injection site but no biggie. Overall, this little pen saved my work day and killed what usually would be a 24-48hr migraine and ordeal!"
"I have had great results with this medicine. I&#039;ve been taking this for several months. The headaches have all but gone. &quot;Guess I&#039;m getting used to them&quot;. You need to hang in there with the headaches. The benefits are worth it."
"I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I was about 12 years old and I&#039;ve had to deal with it straight up until college. Over the years I tried countless acne products, but nothing worked for me and I became really discouraged. Luckily, I was recently prescribed the Retin A Cream 0.05% by my dermatologist and my skin is thriving! My blemishes has cleared up so much, it is mindboggling. I can&#039;t tell you how much this cream has helped my skin. It&#039;s been like a blessing. When I first started using it, I was skeptical because I didn&#039;t see any results, but keep using. Don&#039;t become discouraged! It works. If it worked for me, someone who has struggled with acne for half of her life, it will work for you."
"I&#039;m 23 years old and I&#039;ve been suffering from on again off again moderate depression since I was about 18 years old. I am considering Pristiq and this is why. My father, a great guy who suffered through depression since he was about my age, has been on Pristiq for the past couple of years and I have to say, it&#039;s made HUGE improvements in his mood. He has shown no visible &quot;to me at least&quot; side effects. He used to be cranky, unhappy, and just overall openly expressed severe dislike for the world and the human race. Since he&#039;s been on Pristiq though he has done a complete 180 he no longer hates everything so much, and is very fun to be around, he is almost always in a good mood and enjoys spending time with his family."
"This is the only antidepressant that was  beneficial to me. Following a steroid induced psychosis, I just was never the same. Terrible anxiety, up at night, deep depression every now and then. 
I will say that my sleep didn&#039;t fall into place until I was on the 20mg. 
I can&#039;t imagine life without this medicine!"
"I have trouble taking meds and was scared to take escitralopram! Started on 10 mg and had it lowered to 5 mg until adjusting to it!! I want the full affect but don&#039;t know when to up the dosage! Still wake up anxious in mornings!"
"I took EllaOne about an hour after having sex with my partner. The condom burst, it was an unfortunate accident. This happened 6 days before I was due my cycle, which is quite regular.
The only side effect I had endured was breast tenderness for a few days afterwards.  No spotting or bleeding. On the day I was due my period, I suffered abdominal pains which I wouldn&#039;t have associated with cycle pains. When my period didn&#039;t come, that is when I started frantic researching; reading forums can be very scary and stress you out even more. I had a tendency to latch onto negative experiences. I stressed myself out to the point of sickness. 
My period arrived 2 days late and I know that EllaOne did the job :) Every body is unique. Relax!"
"I have been on this for the better part of the last 10 years! I loved the convenience of only having to deal with it 4 times per year. I also was lucky enough to rarely have a period (maybe light spotting once a year). However in the last 6 months, I&#039;ve been having heavy, irregular periods so I am looking into different treatment but I will miss the ease of the shot!"
"2 months. Went through the dry skin, red skin, &#039;ugly phase&#039;. But stick with it. It really does work!!! My skin tone is perfect and my skin is so clear."
"I had high pressure in eye after cataract surgery. This lowered the pressure in two days.  Made me spacey and I slept a lot but it worked!"
"I am 65 with RA and have been on 8 different biologics.  Now on simphone doing well.  Methotrexate gave me interstitial fibrosis, another drug a dvt.  They all come with a price physically and financially but quality of life verses quantity....I choose quality. It&#039;s good to read others experiences it helps ..."
"I&#039;ve been on contrave since Nov 30th.  My first week was without the scale, but I still lost 5lbs!  I didn&#039;t exercise just yet a little afraid to. I got  dry mouth and a funny taste on my tongue like some kind of film.  No depression, No headache, just anxious in the evening like restlessness while sleeping.  I&#039;m a runner and I compete in my local area.  I&#039;ve gained 40 lbs in a year due to post menopause issues.  This pill is helping curb my appetite and carvings love it.  I feel full and I&#039;m excited to see more results in the up coming weeks.  I took my second pill last night I was very restless in my sleep.  I hoping to start running this week and to take my second dose earlier so I will be able to sleep."
"It works great for the symptoms of my allergies and hay fever.  It does make me extremely sleepy though.  But, I suppose that is better then having a pounding headache or a sneezing/coughing attack."
"I had an acute gout attack in my big toe which was extremely painful and started right away with very high doses of Ibuprofen. After 3 days there was little to no change, still very painful, not able to walk and red and swollen. I read about Naproxen on this page and - living in the UK - it is only available in the format of Feminax, which are tablets for period pain relief. Having nothing to lose, I went ahead and bought a pack. I started at 8am with 2 pills (500 mg) which started to relief the pain about 2 hours later. I took the third pill (250 mg) at 4pm. By 7pm I could feel no pain at all. At midnight I took the next pill (8 hours later, again 250 mg) and when I woke up at 7 I had no symptoms left. What a great pill."
"OMG!! I didn&#039;t go to the bathroom for almost a month I did go a little not much than I started to get wicked bad heart burn, so I said let me try the movantik again, within 15 mins I began to sweat profusely I&#039;m not kidding,. I was drenched with sweat and had cramps so bad  I thought I died, and the chills I couldn&#039;t believe that this could actually do this to someone, and the throwing up was also horrible!! No lie I thought I was puking poop, I was so grossed out and I&#039;m still sweating like no tomorrow and it&#039;s been 2 days now since I took a dose of it, I&#039;m glad it works for some but I wouldn&#039;t give that to my worse enemy!! That stuff is just horrible!! I&#039;ve been on methadone for almost 18 years now for back pain failed surgery, fusion and scs failed."
"I was prescribed Biaxin for bronchitis. I&#039;ve taken three pills. I have an horrible taste in my mouth all the time along with severe dry mouth. My stomach is tossing and turning, making the loudest noises I&#039;ve ever heard a stomach make! I haven&#039;t had problems with nausea/vomiting but the diarrhea from this is horrendous! On the second day of taking this I got this huge burst of energy and wanted to clean every inch of my house and rearrange each room! (sort of strange as I&#039;m still coughing constantly and having a very hard time breathing) I&#039;m also having trouble sleeping. I&#039;m not sure that I will be taking anymore of these."
"I was experiencing early symptoms of a UTI. I felt like I had to go to the bathroom even after I had just been and it was very uncomfortable feeling, I wouldn&#039;t say it burned like UTI&#039;s usually do, it just felt like I had to go really bad. I got an at home UTI test strip and sure enough I had it. I got the URICALM at my local CVS store in hopes it would give me some kind of relief. I drank a 12oz of cranberry juice and three water bottles with 2 tablets (in 12 hours) and that night I felt 100% better! I was worried I would have to go to the doctor and get on antibiotics but with URICALM that wasn&#039;t the case! Very affordable. It comes in a 60 pack and it only took 2 to help me! I would recommend this especially if you are catching it early!"
"Cleared my acne up so fast. Its nice. Other than that everything is going good except I&#039;m turning into a grumpy person"
"I take 25mg of nortriptyline at bedtime. I have taken it for 3 weeks. I toss and turn at night and sleep about 3 hours for 2 nights, then on the 3rd night, I am able to sleep 9 or so hours because of lack of sleep previously.  It has helped my neck pain considerably, but about 10 days ago, I began getting pain in both my knees and hips, which makes it even more difficult to sleep now.  At first, I believed it was because of the treadmill, but I stopped after 2 days using it to heal my knees and hips, but they are still hurting. Also, I am experiencing memory loss. I am 68 years old."
"I was started on low dose which wasn&#039;t effective at all for me so my doctor gave me middle dose and that&#039;s when I started having heart pains, palpitations. So I gave it 2 weeks but could not bear the side effects. I didn&#039;t really lose any weight but I wasn&#039;t on it for that long."
"I have been on prozac , Gabapentin and prozac for many years. I hve been on the same dose of tramadol for the last 6 years i take the  50 mg tablets . I take 2 pills 4 times a day. The thing about any medicine is how well  it works with our body chemistry. It lasts up to six hours. I&#039;m not a Zombie, I can take great care of my toddlers and as we all know toddlers drive u up the wall. I can still feel some of the pain but it&#039;s not bad enough to keep me unhappy and unproductive.OH AND if u become addicted to something , next time blame yourself for taking it wrong  instead of blaming the meds!!! Lol"
"I got nexplanon implanted the beginning of 2014 . Had bruising and soreness for like a week or two but wasn&#039;t too bad . Havent had any periods since I got it which I love . Very good prevention against pregnancy though :) . But the past year I&#039;ve had the most awful headaches . Not much weight gain though . I love it ! After my 3 years I&#039;m so getting it again !!"
"I&#039;ve used a limited dose every other day for 9 years with no outbreaks."
"I have been taking gabapentin for about 6 years now.
I have 2 collapsed discs in my sacroid spine which have been causing chronic pain for 9 years .
I take 500mg 3 times a day but can increase it when the pain becomes unbearable.
On the higher doses I do get drowsy, but in my normal dose it doesn&#039;t affect me. It just helps reduce the nerve pain.
The only side effect I get is a dry mouth.
At the moment I am suffering from shingles and it is a godsend.
I have had shingles previously and wasn&#039;t taking gabapentin at the time and the neuropathy pain was awful.
I also find it helps a bit with my fibromyalgia."
"I have had constant nausea for SEVEN years related to gastroparesis and Meniere&#039;s disease (an inner ear disorder causing severe vertigo and nausea). I was finally offered Zofran on my last emergency room trip (I told the doctor if they didn&#039;t do something I was going to go insane)... Zofran has been a lifesaver and I never go anywhere without it. And I mean that. It works like magic every time I need it. The longest it has ever taken to kick in is 45 minutes. I can&#039;t say enough good things about it. 100% thumbs up."
"I found that my plaques were softened by the scalp oil.  I found the scalp oil easy to was out in a single washing.  Those were positives.
I stopped using for the simple reason that I couldn&#039;t sleep.
I wear a night guard for my teeth grinding, and a c-pap for sleep apnea.
By the time I put the thing in my mouth for my teeth, oiled up my head, placed shower cap followed by c-pap I felt smothered and found it difficult to sleep.
The addition of oil and plastic hat (which is noisy) made my c-pap slip off and require attention frequently in the night.  Bedtime was a circus and scalp oil was a challenge I couldn&#039;t keep in my routine."
"I am 5&#039;3&quot; tall and weigh 94lbs. I was prescribed several different antidepressants over a span of ten years along with Klonopin 1mg tid and Remeron 45mgs at bedtime for anxiety. I finally decided to see a Psychiatrist and she put me on 2.5mg of Zyprexa at bedtime. Just one dose and I was a completely different person! I woke up rested, smiling, happy, energized and a sense of well being again! This drug was like night and day for me! I am now on day 5 and I just keep feeling better! I am doing things I never dreamed I would and was able to get the job I&#039;ve always wanted! For me, Zyprexa has truly changed my life and I hope it helps others the way it has helped me! The only side effect I&#039;ve had is increased appetite (which I needed). :)"
"I used Minocin for about 20 years (16 - 36 years approx) which controlled my acne perfectly. Before I started taking this I had very, very severe acne, huge boils and spots all over my back and face but this seems to cure it. I was very lucky - I had no side effects apart from bad stomach if I took too many."
"I find it very effective much better than synthetic drugs. Feel much better taking it."
"Contrave did make me nauseated. So what.  I would still be on it but had to have double cataract surgery. I think this is one of the less common side effects."
"My son is 7 years old and was dianosed with adhd. He is on Metadate CD and he has been taking it for almost a month now. It seems to be helping him at school, but at home his behavior is uncontrollable and very irritable. He is on only 10 mg and his appetite is slowed down alot."
"I started on Contrave this past Friday 3/17, I felt sleepy all day and slight headache, I had read someone else did same, but thereafter, she was ok while continuing Contrave, so I went on to day 2, but I was like a zombie, just wanted to sit and stare, dizzy, I haven&#039;t felt that bad in awhile. I decided I can&#039;t handle this ,so I stopped. I will say,  I wasn&#039;t the least bit hungry. I called my pharmacy today for refund, they referred me to Contrave Hotline, I paid 92.00 that could went on other bills, to be told I can&#039;t get refund. I am very disappointed in this program and wish I never tried it."
"Hadnt weighed in years, went for a vasectomy march 5th 2016 and weighed 347 lbs. i was shocked. Started a diet that day and on june 5th had lost 27lbs to that point. June 5th i started 37.5 mg phentermine. 1st week lost 12lbs doen to 309. Second week lost another 11. Down to 298, 3rd week introduced excersise and have lost 14 more. Down to 284. I go for my 2nd dr visit july 7th and that will be 1 month and 2days of the phentermine. Im gna do a 3 month cycle of it so if this progress continues i will make my 225 goal by september. I am 5&#039;11&quot; and am male 29 years old. Very happy with this pill. Only side effect for me is severe dry mouth i drink over 2gallons of water a day because of this."
"I received skyla 24hrs ago. I was super anxious about the pain because of how badly my experience was with the Copper IUD. I must tell you, DO NOT read dozens of reviews and allow them to implant fear into you. We are women, we are designed to withstand pain. You CAN do it! its literally 30 sec of OH CRAP, then done. Im not down playing anyone else&#039;s experience by any means. However, if you go in strong minded and you are sure its what you want, you will be fine. I do recommend taking Tylenol at least 20min before insertion( it will help). B.C pills were terrible on my mind and body, so I&#039;m glad I chose to go back to the IUD. Remember, if you don&#039;t end up liking it, it can always be removed. You Got This!"
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon since April 2013...for the entire first year I had absolutely no period which was great! About 2 months ago I got a very heavy period. I&#039;ve been having light bleeding ever since and it&#039;s driving me nuts, but overall this is the best method of birth control for me. And I&#039;ve tried everything! Side effects are different for everyone and it can always be taken out if it doesn&#039;t work for you. I&#039;d say if you&#039;re forgetful or just prefer a form of birth control that requires no effort don&#039;t hesitate to give this a try I love it!"
"I have ibs w/ constipation. been taking the 145 mg for about 3-4 months. The first two weeks I was on linzess, it didn&#039;t help me at all. So my doctor told me to take double dose.(found out i had a blockage, which the double dose with miralax on top got rid of) I got diarrhea for about a week, then went to have 1 regular bowel movement almost every morning after the pill. I was feeling better than ever. It did give me headaches, and distension though for about a week. After about 2 weeks on double dose, I went back down to a single dose. Everything was still going smoothly. Until about 2 weeks ago I&#039;ve been getting urgent diarrhea everyday for about 6 hours after taking the pill. And ocassionally getting stomach pain and nausea again (which is why I started)"
"I had headaches since around middle school several times a week.  Never had a doctor who thought much about them, so I just stayed quiet and lived with them.  No over-the-counter medication helped.  I woke up with them.  I developed high blood pressure and my doctor prescribed lisinopril 10 mg.  Soon I realized I was no longer having any headaches -- zero.  I&#039;m so happy we stumbled upon this.  I have told my doctor how much it has helped my headaches so that she remembers it for the next patient who might have constant headaches with no relief."
"I&#039;m nearing my 3rd weeks and I feel my cravings have increased. I take one in the AM and one in the PM. I am always hungry which wasn&#039;t the case before staring this medication. The first week I had a severe headache that awakened me at 4 AM for 5 days in a row. Week 2 I am very sleepy which actually helps because I&#039;m in bed by 10:30 PM where as before I&#039;d be up until after midnight. 
I&#039;ll report back after week 3 to advise if there&#039;s been any improvements."
"My girlfriend just got done with her first week and she has had to take 2 days off of school so far because her cramps are so severe. Not to mention the highly abnormal bleeding leaves her woozy and without strength. I absolutely do not recommend at all! I implore you to look at other options and to tell your doctor no if he mentions this brand what so ever"
"I was unable to take oral birth control because I would never stop bleeding on the pill. I had a child and had the Mirena placed shortly after his birth. There was no pain at all. I did bleed continuously for 6 months which I had expected due to my previous birth control experiences. I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 3 years and haven&#039;t had a period since the first 6 months! I&#039;ve had an overall excellent experience with Mirena."
"I recently switched from Junel Fe 1/20 to this birth control (free sample from Gyno) and I&#039;m switching back to Junel Fe 1/20 ASAP. Lo Loestrin Fe has caused me to gain about 10-15 lbs and I&#039;ve only been on it a month. I constantly feel bloated, hungry, and my breasts felt huge. I have also started losing my hair because of this birth control. It caused me to have horrible mood swings...it was like I was PMSing the entire month I was on it. Please stay clear of this birth control."
"This is my 3rd day out of 5 days on Zpak. The first 2 doses were hard with the stomach pain. But if you eat a pretty good meal like 20 min before you take it then it helps a lot. The stomach pain is only there when the pill dissolves. So eating with it helps it dissolve a lot easier. My coughing really hasn&#039;t gone down much. The urgent care I went to gave me a inhaler too so that has been helping with my coughing and chest cold pain. But I can only take every 4 hours. But I do feel better enough to work now."
"Aside from the hot flashes in the first month or two the medication has improved my fibromyalgia pain greatly. I have been a huge supporter of it and recommended it to everyone I know who had fibro.  In the past 2 weeks I have been feeling extremely bloated, too full to eat even on an empty stomach and having bouts of IBS worse than before the medication.  Today I am cutting my pill in half and hoping to see this recent side effect will go away.  I don&#039;t want to go back to the constant pain and weakness I had before but can&#039;t go on with feeling miserable either. I&#039;ve been on it eight months."
"Before taking this medication, I went into a time in my life where I would wake up every morning feeling anxious. My heart pounded very hard, I felt nauseous and puking would make me feel better. I felt alone, and didn&rsquo;t find care in my heart for other people like I had before. God has made me a loving and caring person. But my anxiety and/or depression, not 100 percent sure what it is, took over. I would look at people on the streets walking with smiles on their faces, and wonder&hellip; man&hellip; how can they be happy? Even when I see other people who look sad or down, it makes me feel worse. Like, the world is so messed up. I am unable to shine my light on others because of the anxiety I feel. I started taking escitalopram and my life has changed I can smile again"
"My experience with Nexplanon is only that of sharing the insertion of the implant. I didn&#039;t feel anything. The numbing shot felt just like any shot so pleasantly surprised. I did get a huge bruise and it&#039;s been 6 hrs since I got it and just now feeling a little soreness- nothing Advil won&#039;t help"
"This is a medicine my son is using/abusing. It is highly addictive.  I see no benefits for long term use. Even after 90 day rehab he went straight back to his doctor and lied about the nature of his treatment and got a new supply. He basically sleep walks through the day. Before this he never used anything stronger than asprin."
"I have had restless legs syndrome for about a year now. It drives me crazy. It is just in my left leg no where else. Dr gave me Requip and did nothing. I tried tramadol and although I still have a bit of tingling in my leg and foot, my leg seems more relaxed. I will say that the ONLY thing I have found to work right away and all day is Vicodin. My doctor told me that pain medicines are a treatment for restless legs syndrome. I&#039;m hoping the tramadol is a winner so I can stop with the pain medicine."
"Abilify is working for me, I take it before I go to bed and  helps me fall a sleep and stay sleep. I also wake early and I&#039;m very energetic. I&#039;m thankful for this medicine!"
"Better than Adderall for me. Adderall feels like a sledgehammer slamming my brain into focus and Concerta is like a master artist finessing my thoughts into focus as much as Adderall but so much more subtly. I will forget I am on Concerta (36 mg, may go up to 54mg), during the day. There is a noticeable tolerance that I have developed. 18mg used to pump me up, now I no longer feel 18. 36 is getting to that point with daily use. Only reason it doesn&#039;t get a 10. Take 6000mg of fish oil daily and increase your magnesium intake."
"This is my 3rd time to have a colonoscopy. I dint remember too much about the first one,  the 2nd one was horrible with having to drink Golytely and now Supreme. The flavor isn&#039;t too bad, almost like a medicinal sweetart. I drank all of the first one without too much of a problem,  although I did have projectile vomiting after I drank it all. Although it cleared me out pretty much with the first one. When I had to drink the 2nd one that was a different story. I was gagging and having a harder time getting it down,  but it didn&#039;t take as long for things to start moving again. I wish I had known about the stuff to add to it before,  but this worked."
"its fine if you want to go insane.  I  recommend to use nicotine gum"
"Viagra has been an absolute miracle for me. For a while before I started taking it I was having trouble getting and maintaining strong erections. The best I could manage was a &quot;semi&quot; where my penis would get to around 60% hardness. Erectile dysfunction is difficult to deal with for men of any age, especially so when you are in your 20s (I&#039;m 24) and are supposed to be at your peak sexually. I&#039;m using the 25mg Pfizer tablets and they work amazingly well. No side effects. I now have very strong and rock hard erections. I&#039;m a much happier and relaxed man now. It is quite expensive but they are worth every penny."
"It&#039;s been 4 months since I had it put in and maybe I should of read these reviews before having it done. The bleeding is was is driving me insane!! I got it my 6 week check up and had no issues until 2 weeks after it was put in I spotted for a week then started a full blown period that lasted 10 days. Then nothing! Then I started spotting very mild August 2nd, it is now August 19th and the bleeding is becoming heavier. It is more of an annoyance then anything else. And highly considering having it removed. I did gain about 12 pounds but that went went away. My Sex drive didn&#039;t change at all but this spotting makes things a little more difficult. I was looking forward to not having a period but what I&#039;m dealing with is making me bitchy!!"
"My 5 year old was put on Kerydin due to 2 toenails having fungus. The fungus had been growing for the past year so it had gotten bad. After 6 months of zero improvement I asked her dermatologist for a different medication and he put her on Fluconazole for 30 days. Within 2 weeks we started seeing new toenail growth that was fungus free and her old toenail fell off. Within 30 days both toenails were finally fungus free! I would not recommend Kerydin."
"I have taken Lexapro 20 mg for many years for depression and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Only side effects (male) are unable to achieve orgasm, which can be frustrating if you let it. But, I tried Viibryd which was to &quot;improve&quot; Lexapro (no sexual side effects and no weight gain - which I never had weight gain anyway). Viibryd was awful. Did not help depression OR anxiety, and I was ravenously hungry. I insisted on going back on Lexapro. It is tried and true for me. Stick with it; it takes 6-8 weeks to be fully effective. "
"Best weight loss ever and the easiest! Went from 192 to 138 in 4 months! I gained most if it back since they took it off the market 3 years ago!  Can&#039;t find anything nearly as good yet!"
"Awesome care for my child"
"I&#039;ve had the Implant since April of 2013 and it&#039;s  been terrible. I&#039;ve had 3   week long periods with maybe a 4-5 day break. Which had decreased my libido almost to nothing. I&#039;ve talked to my doctor numerous times about it and apparently it&#039;s &quot;normal&quot; side effects. Upon choosing the implanon, I was told that my periods would most likely stop... what a bunch of lies. I can&#039;t wait to get this thing out of my body!"
"I&#039;m sad that I&#039;m switching to another pill as I have been on Ortho tricyclen for so many years. No mood swings, no PMS, no depression, I feel the same every day. My complexion has never been so clear.  Very light periods, no cramping."
"This pill was wonderful at first. Did not experience weight gain, headaches, nausea, etc. I went through my teens without getting one pimple and never struggled with acne UNTIL taking junel. DO NOT TAKE THIS! My chin was covered with painful, cystic acne. Even now that I&#039;m off this pill my face has never fully cleared up."
"I have BCC on my upper arm and SCC on upper left hand. Unfortunately after 6wks of treatment twice a day the cream didnt work. So disappointed and im now scheduled to have both surgically removed."
"I started taking Fastin a few days ago after I read so many good reviews...I must say that I did take the advice of so many others and started with half of the pill. It seemed to put me in the best mood and my energy level went through the roof. Not to mention..I wasn&#039;t hungry at all. Yes it did make me feel a bit jittery so I drank a lot of water and had to pee quite often. Don&#039;t drink anything with caffiene in it while taking this because it makes you even more jittery, plus if you work in the heat be careful because I felt like I was having hot flashes but wow...it is definitely worth it. Lost a couple of lbs already. Well worth it for me."
"I absolutely have nothing bad to say about this medicine. My breasts have gotten a little bigger, no change in my appetite that I can tell, and it has even cleared my face up. It keeps my acne under control so I love it. I never did have cramps so no change there. The only thing is that my breasts are more tender."
"Update! Culture came back and negative again so I am being treated correctly. This is my 5th day on the gel and so far so good. No side effects - I haven&#039;t experienced any of the &quot;cottage cheese&quot; like discharge that others have talked about which I&#039;m thankful for cause it doesn&#039;t sound pleasant. However you will get a yeast infection on this medicine! But it works, don&#039;t be scared!"
"This is a great birth control, for most people. I very rarely get my period, and if I do, it&#039;s like about every 2 months, and its only spotting. You don&#039;t have to worry about waking up everyday and remembering to take a pill. I love this shot, and I recommended it to a friend. She didn&#039;t have the same experience as I did. I love this product. So all I&#039;m saying is, everyone is different. "
"I&#039;ve had headaches for as long as I ca remember....I&#039;ve taken excedrin, imitrex, tramadol.....nothing worked til my Ob gave me fioricet and it was a god send.....I&#039;ve been on it for 40 yrs with no side effects....now the doctors are so worried about the barbiturate...heavens it&#039;s Not an opiod...
Utah unfortunately is very strict with this drug....for reasons  I will not say...it&#039;s a miracle drug for me...."
"I used this because I had horrible morning sickness to the point where I was losing weight.  This made me feel like my old self again and I was able to enjoy my pregnancy."
"Been on it since February 2014, at first when I got it, I had my period for 3weeks none stop then my GP gave me some medication to stop the bleeding,  since then my period never came back which is good.  But I moved to a new country and I think of climate change, I had my period for two weeks but they eventually stopped.  Down side is my sex drive is out of the window, I am not as &#039;wet&#039; as I used to be, making sex uncomfortable. After sex I get some spotting each time. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain as I was already overweight when I got it. No acne or moods,  but still crave my chocolate"
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for 3 months now, I have experienced extreme nausea, bloating, mood swings, and even crazy cravings! I thought I was pregnant! But after reading these reviews I feel better about the pill, not only that but everything&#039;s straightening out so I&#039;m happy. I am also getting curves, which I like very much! Its a great pill."
"I was having migraine headaches twice per week then gradually it became every day for 3 months. Midrin was no longer working. I was incapacitated. Yesterday, I was prescribed gabapentin 300mg twice per day. First day it took 1 1/2 hours to kick in then I fell asleep. When I woke 6 hours later I felt drunk and my coordination and walking ability were impaired as if drunk. I worried about falling. Yet for the first time in 3 months, my migraine was present but at a level &quot;4&quot; verses a pain level of constant &quot;10&quot;.  An unexpected additional gain was that it helped my unresolved back pain of the neuropathic (burning) variety. I highly rate it except for side effects of in-coordination, slightly blurred vision and word finding problems."
"I just started the medication this week. I&#039;ve had three shots so far.  I was really worried about the needles but you honestly don&#039;t feel a thing.  I didn&#039;t even feel a pinch when I did the injection.   I do feel a bit tired. I have a very dull headache.     I do have a little bit of  nausea.   I have been injecting in my upper thigh where there&#039;s plenty of fat. (Lol).   My appetite  has decreased so I have to keep an eye on my emotional eating.  I am a former gastric bypass patient  trying to lose the last 30 pounds. The first hundred was easy. So far so good."
"5 or10mg  works for muscle spasms but Dangerous if taken during daytime. 

Caused uncontrolled drowsiness,  deep sleep, difficulty waking up, constipation, blurred vision and sudden unbearable  headaches leaving me unable to function. (5 or 10 MG doses were same effects) 

Lost a new job just 2 months after  starting due to not realizing it was this medication&#039;s side effects of: blurred vision,  migraines &amp; exhaustion.  I was unable to keep up with workload and didn&#039;t relate it to Flexeril because I had been on it many years ago when I was much younger.  I tried to explain to my PCP  but some docs just don&#039;t listen.  I have since stopped flexeril, no more headaches!"
"Very effective in stimulating a BM. However, this medicine can cause bad stomach cramps, bloating and nausea. I&#039;m used to this as I have had constipation my whole life so take laxatives a lot. However, I would only take this if more natural methods of relieving constipation aren&#039;t working. Definitely do not take this medicine if you are out or working the next day! you won&#039;t feel well."
"This is 2nd year on Lutera. I was on Aviane before but it was no longer carried in my pharmacy. They are essentially the same thing and I experienced no side effects or changes when I switched. For the first two months of Aviane I was emotional. But afterwards I was completely fine. I had no physical or emotional changes. And have had no side effects or changes after changing to Lutera."
"I was given Demerol and Vistaril after a tubal ligation, my pain was under control while using these medicines. I only was given these medicines once, but as I remember they did what I was told they would, which was grant me pain relieve for the short term."
"Takes away the pain now and back 10 yrs ago."
"I have taken 1 .75mg shot of Trulicity and I&#039;m going to beg my Dr. to take me off of it.  I was nauseous from day 2 onward and today (7 days later) I&#039;m vomiting, have explosive diarrhea, and horrible foul belching.  This is the same exact reaction, down to the belching, that I had while taking Metformin.  If you are taking Trulicity AND Metformin, I&#039;m not sure how you are even alive.  

My A1C, tested 2x in the last 6 months, is 6.5 and that was while taking Januvia, Pioglitazone and Farxiga.  My Dr. replaced the Januvia with Trulicity to help improve my daily high readings.  Today is shot day...not happening.  As I type I&#039;m about to puke..."
"I had the worst side effects with Protonix. I took it for 15 days and experienced increased anxiety and heart palpitations. I also had dizziness, nausea and insomnia. Going off of it took 6 days to feel somewhat normal."
"Best medicine for RLS EVER!!"
"I have been on Plaquenil for two months to treat newly diagnosed RA.  The duration and intensity of the flares have been reduced, but I am still suffering with aches and swelling in my small joints and elbows.  I have had mild nausea and am having my eyes monitored by my optometrist."
"I suffer from anxiety, OCD, bipolar, and depression. This medication has made me sluggish and slow because of that I have gained weight which has just added to the stress and anxiety. It has done nothing for me. My anxiety is still intruding on my life. My OCD is not being helped because my anxiety is not being dealt with."
"I&#039;ve had acne since I was 11. Nothing my doctor prescribed had any effect on my skin so I started my course of isotretinoin when I was 17. In short, it gets worse before it gets better. My skin only started improving in the last month of my course. I still have acne but it&#039;s not nearly as bad (and with my newly vamped up skincare routine it&#039;s getting better daily).
As with most acne treatments, it was pretty drying (you&#039;ll need a good moisturizer and lip balm) but it&#039;s nothing permanent. I didn&#039;t find the pregnancy/blood tests a hassle either, at this point I was willing to do anything to sort out my skin. I think it was totally worth it! If, like me, you&#039;ve had acne for years and years, it&#039;s definitely worth a try!"
"This was my 5th colonoscopy and 5th different prep. I was happy it was only 16 oz. twice. However, 15 minutes after the 5:00 dose I was physically ill which never happened with the other preps I have used. By 7:30 I vomited after willing it to stay down that long. When the 9:00 dose came along I tried to sip it between 9:00 and 10:00 pm. I got 8 oz. down and literally projectile vomited at 10:00. Nothing else was going down. Like many others I had a headache, bloating, and cramps. Bottom line I was sick from the prep. The nurse the next day said she has heard this from many people and I was possibly allergic to it. I would not recommend this to a first timer. Nor will I ever use it again. I would rather drink the gallon prep."
"This pill works for me but I&#039;m sure everyone is different. You just have to go get blood work every 3 months while on it. I been taking it for 5 years and I&#039;m doing great, just make sure you eat a small meal before you take Azasan it can make you sick for a hour if you dont. I do recommend this pill if you have Crohn&#039;s. Ask your Doctor about it and see if it is right for you."
"I was on Lent&#039;s and Novalog for 10 years then my Dr switch me to Ivokana, Levimer and Victory.  The Ivokana made me throw my guts up, lose my vision on and off, blood sugar levels spiked to 400 or more, always dehydrated and several other symptoms.  I stop taking it.  The Levimer makes me have several bowel movements daily and I lost 15 lbs but I didn&#039;t want to lose weight I only weigh 140. I have lost all my muscle and still craving sugar.  I quit taking the Victoza  because I was sugar spikes were over 300.  These medications killing me. They all have me craving sugar, diarrhea and even have me depressed.  I only take Metformin pills 4 500 milligrams a day. "
"My experience with the implant is actually not that bad. I&#039;ve had it since March of 2011, a little over a year now. At first I had my period for about 3 or 4 days and than it stopped for almost 7 months, than I got it for about a week, and than started getting it about every other month or so. But recently I had my period for about 4 days, it stopped for a couple days, and now I&#039;m spotting. But, other than that I have had no problems at all. I love my birth control. Much better than pills, shots, or patches in my opinion."
"I have been using this product for over 2 months.  At first, my breakouts were still occurring and my skin was really dry.  It did not burn my skin like other prescription creams have so I was able to continue using it.  My skin is still dry, but it&#039;s really clear. I also don&#039;t mind having dry skin-- I&#039;ve been on Accutane so many times that I&#039;m just accustomed to it.  I do have a few pimples here and there, but it&#039;s nothing to stress about.  This cream really works when you stick to a strict routine."
"I wasn&#039;t sure if this drug was helping with OCD.  When asked I would reply, &quot;it seems to make it easier to deal with it&quot;.  Then my Doc decided to lower my dose in order to take me off it.  When I got to 60mg I lost it.  The obsessive thoughts were out of control.  Compulsions increased as well.  I am back on 100mg and feeling and thinking much better.  The med helps a lot, but doesn&#039;t fix me completely.  I challenge my compulsions every day so I can reinforce that I do not need them."
"I have had Nexplanon in for almost three years, and will be getting it taken out in Nov. I decided to get this after my son was born. I have never used any type of birth control (except for a condom). It has been a wonder! I have not had a period while on this. Which is awesome for me since I had very bad cramps during that time. The only downside to Nexplanon for me is the fact that I would get headaches lasting for two days. Other than that I would get it put in again."
"Lifelong rhinitis, worse with age (now 71).  Tried Flonase, did nothing and unpleasant to use.  Bought Nasacort generic  would last 2 months @ 1shot/nostril/day.  Immediate improvement, no flavor or sting.  Already familiar with triamcinolone (active) as a topical (skin).  Only downrated to 9 because 1) it&#039;s a drug and fewer is better, 2) it doesn&#039;t &#039;blast&#039; nose wide open like Afrin (which causes its own problems), 3) from other reviews we see that results/reactions vary widely.  On the plus side: If it works for you, fewest potential side effects; no alcohol or scent; generic/storebrand available-- reasonable cost; OTC designation, &#039;generally safe and effective for self-administrataion.  Lookup and observe contraindications"
"I am a senior and was given amitriptyline for sleep.  I found that 10mg was too strong and made me very groggy in the AM.  Cutting the 10mg in half has worked very well for me.  I only take it if I have had poor sleep 2 nights in a row,.  It knocks me out for 7-8 hours."
"I had slipped into a depression following some traumatic life events. The mornings were worse and often unbearable. I became suicidal. I was also agitated.
I was desperate and went to GP and prescribed fluoxetine 20mg. I have been taking them for six weeks and feel so much better. Mood has lifted and morning depression has stopped. Its saved my life. Side effects were a sore throat and cold symptoms which lasted four days. Yawning as well.
Best thing I ever did was admit I had a problem and take medicines."
"Estring makes a huge difference in my life. It restored my ability to have normal sex (win!), with no pain and with normal lubrication.  I&#039;ve used it for 2+ years. The first few months my weight went up 10+ lbs and I&#039;ve been unable to lose weight.  It is worth getting used to a new normal weight for me to feel  normal again.

I have a false advertising complaint against Estring. Their Coupon says in large letters, &quot;Pay no more than $15 for your ESTRING prescription.&quot;  The very fine print says. &quot;savings are limited to $100 for each of 4 uses,&quot; meaning you only save $100 for each Rx, but this Rx is VERY expensive, so no one pays $15, but usually much more. Still some savings are better than none."
"It was originally $30 a month, but with new healthcare laws it&#039;s free. When I was put on this, I was scared to tell the doctor that I had severe depression. After being on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, my depression went away! I only seem to get it every once in a while. After being on it a while, I noticed that I got increasingly violent. I would get angry over the tiniest things. My periods are a lot lighter and not as painful. Despite the unexplainable rage, I&#039;d say this changed my life! I can always expect my period on the same day."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lunesta for almost a year and it has worked wonders for me. I make sure I take it on an empty stomach and I make sure I have at least 7 hours of sleep. I do get that weird taste in my mouth but I don&#039;t mind, it&#039;s really not that bad. I have a toddler and I am able to wake up in the middle of the night without a problem. If I do need to wake up in the middle of the night I am alert and then I am able to fall right back to sleep. Overall I&#039;ve had a great experience."
"I had this drug for a toothache and I had an A level exam (in England) the day after I was presribed the drug. I felt sick the whole day and during my exam with stabbing pains in my stomach and had to leave my exam at one point because I felt like I was you to throw up. I managed to finish the exam but when I got home I threw up several times and continued throwing up the next couple days after I stopped taking the drug"
"I have been talking this medication for 8 weeks now and following a low carb diet and am happy to say I have lost 25.6 lbs. I have not started exercising yet, but intend to, so the weight loss is all diet. This medicine is excellent and gives you the ability to turn down food you know is not helpful to your goals. It has also wiped out all my cravings. My blood pressure is 118/74 and I have have experienced no side effects."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and have been using Doryx for a month and it has made my acne worse. I don&#039;t feel like it is going to help to continue the use for another month."
"Terrible product, I had the 3 day treatment and like almost everyone here, it brought pain unlike anything else. I washed all the cream out the best I could and filled my bathtub with cool water and baking soda to get some relief. Make sure you don&#039;t react negatively to the baking soda if you&#039;ve never used it, though it&#039;s pretty much safe."
"My neurosurgeon prescribed Lyrica after a lumbar fusion at L5-S1 to control pain. It worked great and allowed me to sleep when no other medication helped. I started at a higher dose and then as I felt better and better I only took it at night.  After about 4 months, I was ready to go back to work.  I found myself unmotivated and disinterested.  When I spoke to my GP about this, he made the connection between Lyrica and my general malaise, noting that it is also used for anxiety, which I did not have. After that, we worked to wean the dosage down and I stopped taking it after a few weeks. 

My side effects included long time to wake up, general uncoordination upon waking, and some bouts of blurred vision.  I did not experience weight gain."
"If you suffer from depression this might be a medicine to take. It very helpful in controlling your symptoms. I&#039;ve had depression symptoms for a while but never did a thing about it. I finally did through my primary doctor refer pain management &amp; they refer me 2 see a psychologist."
"I&#039;m 35 and have had a problem with sweating since high school.  Shortly after high school I started taking birth control pills, and the problem stopped.  I stopped taking the pill last year and within a few months I noticed my sweating was starting again.  I don&#039;t know if it was because of the birth control pills or not.  I was embarrassed to bring it up to my doctor, but I finally did.  I couldn&#039;t lift up my arms at all at work because of the sweat marks. You take Hypercare for a few days at first and I was so excited that I stopped sweating.  I could finally wear thin colored shirts and not have sweat marks anymore. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is the itching, intense at times at night when I have it on. Once or twice I&#039;ve had to wash it off. But 100% worth it."
"It didn&#039;t work, I was up to 40mg daily and felt literally nothing. Ever since I had my son I have had panic attacks and bad anxiety so I went to the doctor and was prescribed Prozac. I was so disappointed. I almost feel more depressed now."
"I took this medication when I was 16 for acne. I was getting headaches that the dermatologist said couldn&#039;t possibly be from the minocycline. I woke up after being on it for 6 weeks with double vision. I had pseudotumour cerebri (intercracial hypertension). I have suffered with recurrent headaches ever since. I am now 43. Last year I was diagnosed with a chiari malformation last year that was caused by pseudotumour cerebri. I also have syringomyelia that was caused by the chiari malformation. This is a very dangerous medication. I will eventually be in a wheelchair and will not be able to care for myself because I took minocycline at age 16."
"I&#039;m only three months into this pill, but so far it has been nothing but good for me. I do get headaches, but they do not interfere with my daily activites so I don&#039;t mind. I&#039;ve also had some breakouts but normally near my period, which is usual for me even off the pill. No weight gain yet, normal moods, I haven&#039;t missed a pill yet. My first period was really browny and black in the beginning and a light orange at the end. I&#039;m not sure if that is normal, but who knows. Also, some vaginal discharge but not enough to bug me. Overall, its working great!"
"I have been taking Zoloft 100mg for over a month now for my anxiety disorders and panic attacks that have gotten in the way of my peace  and my family welfare.  The results have been positive, I feel less stressful, less jittery and do not snap at my family for anything.  Also, it makes me feel more positive towards life and people.  At first it gave me mild diarrhea for two days, and yes, my sexual appetite has dwindle a bit.  I fully recommend it, it is worth trying some medication rather than living with emotional distress a whole life."
"I was diagnosed in April 2013 after getting really sick with fungal meningitis. My CD4 was 41 and the viral load was 260.000. After one month, the CD4 went to 71 (which wasn&#039;t supposed to increase as much), and the viral load was undetectable. Many people recommend to take the pill with an empty stomach, but I haven&#039;t done this, and it hasn&#039;t been a problem. I never had crazy dreams, though the first weeks were kind of hard because I used to get nauseous. Now it&#039;s all good. This pill rocks!"
"I was diagnosed with ventricular tachycardia back in the 70&#039;s but it was &quot;paroxysmal&quot; meaning unpredictable.  I was also diagnosed with anxiety attacks.  The Inderal was critical to my improvement and as life went on, I found that I was low in calcium, magnesium and potassium.  Supplementing those things basically expunged the tachycardia.  If I feel it coming on, I increase those things and use the Inderal and it goes away.  It also helped with the anxiety attacks.  So everyone is different...and diet, supplements are also critical to good health."
"I&#039;ve been on Seasonique for 3 weeks now. I switched because the 4 period a year thing got me interested. I&#039;ve notice weight gain (I&#039;ve been eating the same), more acne (I drink lots of water) and I&#039;ve been way more emotional since I have been in a long time. I&#039;ll be calling this week to switch back to my old pill!"
"Been in pain for three years with headaches and trigeminal neuraligia, and taking Tegretol with not much relief. Just switched to Oxcarbazepine, and it is like I am a new person. No pain. I&#039;m thrilled. Hoping the relief lasts, unlike my experience with Tegretol where it worked in the beginning and then it had no effect at all. Thankful to my new doc for prescribing this for me!!!!!"
"First year on 5mg at night helped my mood, anger outbursts and anxiety a great deal. Did develop high cholesterol and gained 15 pounds, but the trade off was worth it. Also helps wonderfully with insomnia.
After the year mark it was no longer handling my anger well. Started having 2-3 inappropriate outbursts a week. Pdoc started me on geodon but couldn&#039;t handle the side effects, so back to the zyprexa I went with another 2.5mg added in the morning and gained another 6 pounds.
Have tried other AAPs but can&#039;t handle the side effects so I&#039;m still on the zyprexa for now until I get brave enough to try something else again.
Taking with Pristiq, Trileptal, Vistiril and Xanax."
"This is horrible! It only intensified the yeast infection! Immediate burnings and itching."
"I&#039;m going on my second week now. I had some burping and an over full bloated feeling that seems to have subsided. I also had a lil nausea at times but not bad. I had to force myself to eat the first week as well. Nothing sounded good. This coming Tuesday I go up to 1.8 dose. I though I was just imagining not being hungry because I like to eat but the fullness and over all lack of interest in food is awesome. Haven&#039;t weighed myself yet because I don&#039;t want to be discouraged, it&#039;s only been 2 weeks. Going to stick it out here&#039;s a tip, I bought Gas ex for the belching and tummy gas it helped a lot. Also don&#039;t eat late at night because what u eat is really slow to digest and it will keep u up at night. I do my shot at around 2 pm daily."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz, BeYaz, and Gianvi, all of which did wonders for my skin. Recently I was given Loryna by my pharmacy. Not thinking anything of it, I started my pack as usual. Not only did this pill immediately give me daily cystic breakouts along my jaw/cheeks/chin, but it also introduced me to the nightmare that is back acne. Having never suffered from breakouts on my back, this caused a whole new form of embarrassment, and just in time for summer! I suffered through the pack then asked to go back to Gianvi. 2 weeks later my skin and back are clearing up beautifully. I&#039;ve read multiple reviews of people having the same problem; if you notice your acne getting worse on Loryna, don&#039;t wait it out--switch back to Gianvi or name brand Yaz!"
"I have to say.. After reading reviews I was a little terrified to get Mirena inserted. However, my ob is really good and it wasn&#039;t a big deal at all! It was uncomfortable like a pap but it was done within a few mins.  I gave birth 8 weeks ago and he said this was a good time to get it inserted because my cervix is still soft. So maybe that&#039;s why it was no big deal for me? So far, no cramping, slight spotting. I&#039;m not sure about the long term effects of the mirena because I&#039;ve only had it in a week. So far, so good!"
"I had a heart attack and stent and have a problems with taking statins.  I have taken 4 injections so far.  I have stomach cramps , and double over with pain, leg cramps unreal.  I can tolerate Crestor 3 days a week.  Had check up with my heart Dr and he said go off the Repatha it will lower your numbers but, as it states and so did my heart Dr that there is NO proof it will help your heart.  I thought this strange but, as he said it also says that on the pamphlet that comes with it.  I am quitting taking it stomach aches and bowel problems are miserable."
"Was taking two 37 mg per day but made me nauseous so kept missing the second dose &amp; wasn&#039;t working .  Now taking 75mg slow release per day. Was completely spaced out for a few days..zoning out!  but after 10 days I feel great. Loads of energy. Depression easing off. Impressed but hope it lasts . Side effects were dry mouth but this has now gone. Sex drive has also plummeted but I do have a baby so could be down to that. In any case I&#039;d rather have my old self back than a sex drive so not too bothered.  Have tried prozac and citaloplam in the past until they stopped working. I&#039;d say this is just as good if not better. Fingers crossed x"
"I&#039;m on week 5 and it has certainly changed my life 
I was having constant flare ups in my hands. And my joint pain was so severe it was depressing I&#039;m 43 yrs old and felt like I had a body of an 80 yr old  I am doing so much better 
I&#039;ve been on Celebrex  twice a day for 4 yrs  and constant cortisone meds  but this plaquenil has helped me so much 
My only down fall I&#039;ve noticed is that I&#039;m tired after I take it  other than that my pain has gone from constant to bearly any  
I get the odd day but usually triggered by cold weather and due to my osteo arthritis"
"Good."
"Had protected sex but the condom broke. Within an 1 hr or 2 went to Walgreens got Next choice, took the pill felt sleepy about 30mins after taking it. Couple of headaches after but no major side effects, had one day of spotting but nothing else. Starting getting worried maybe it didn&#039;t work. On 5 January finally got my period. Next choice works, just say calm and let the rest fall in place."
"Keep me calm and stress free. I don&#039;t fly off the handle over little things. This narcotic really does the trick. Only if you follow the prescribed INSTRUCTIONS. do not abuse."
"Had a nasty sinus infection - my entire head seemed locked in a vacuum-grip of pressure, snot, and general awfulness. I felt dizzy, exhausted, irritated, and I think it even began to affect my thinking. I thought it was just a common cold but nope, the real deal. Augmentin 875, 2x/day for 10 days seems to have cleared it out, mostly. BUT HERE&#039;S THE KEY, FOLKS --&gt; Take a good probiotic every morning, about 3 or 4 hours before you take the first dose of Augmentin. Then, when it&#039;s time to take your Augmentin, take it with a LOT of food, and take it after the first or second bite of your meal. You&#039;ll get through it, and may it heal you as it seems to have healed me. No side effects for me, and I&#039;m one sensitive, hypochondriacal mess normally!"
"I started taking this medication on Feb 10, 2010.  From the first day I took it I have had the same overall feelings, cotton mouth-which is overcome by drinking a lot of water, an energy boost, and no appetite.  I have to &#039;remind&#039; myself to eat.  I try to keep a log of everything I eat, so that way I can see if I am eating enough or not.  So far, I have lost about 5-7lbs.  I have not went to the gym yet, but am getting a membership this Saturday.  This medication was just the boost I needed to get started losing weight.  I would recommend this diet pill to anyone who needs to lose a significant amount of weight.  I cannot wait to see how much additional weight I will lose by adding exercise to my diet routine."
"I just started this drug 8/21/17, .06 mg.  I weighed this morning and was surprised to see I was already down 2.2 lbs.  I know this won&#039;t be typical, but was concerned when I didn&#039;t feel any of the side effects, thinking maybe it wasn&#039;t going to work for me.  Not much appetite, but forcing myself to eat something."
"Totally worked for me"
"I took a Plan B three days after my boyfriend came in me THREE times coming to find out on my MOST fertile day, a day after my ovulation day! I was scared it wasn&#039;t going to work, because i took it on the third day, my MOST fertile day, &amp; after he came in me.. Three times! I had a lot of side effects and was 8 days late on my period! I just knew I was pregnant, the day I did start I did nothing but fit the criteria of implantation blood. Needless to say I started my period, I&#039;m fine and NOT PREGNANT! It&#039;s works ladies!"
"This has worked great for me.  I&#039;ve been on it for 5 months and my A1C is 6.1 (down from 7.2).  It is expensive, but if you go to their website, you can sign up for a card that will pay your copay for 1 year (up to $3900).  Basically, I get the medication for free for a year."
"So far so good. 25 y/o

Previously tried Microgestin Fe 1.5 /30 earlier this year and did not enjoy effects of that.

It has only been one week. I will update upon further time and if any side effects appear.
I started one week after my miscarriage. I was 7 weeks. I do not want kids at this time but the emotional toll is still high.
It has slowed down and almost stopped my bleeding which is great.

SO FAR SO GOOD.
I&#039;ll update at the 30 day time frame."
"Treximet works great! I know others say it does not work after the migraine starts, but for me it does. I have chronic migraines and have to take a anti-depressant drug to control it daily. However, if I do get a migraine Treximet knocks it completely out in about 20 to 30 mins. I love this product but like most people I find it very expensive but worth it. I may try taking half a pill to see if I can make it go further."
"I&#039;ve been on Estrace for just over 2 years to treat Primary Ovarian Failure. I have grown about 3 inches taller, my breasts have not increased in size, they are just constantly sore. I have been getting a lot of discharge, which is not overly pleasant. I get dizzy spells sometimes. I have gained about 15 pounds in 2 years again not the greatest, but my growth could have something to do with it. Acne, comes and goes sometimes it is horrible, other times my skin is great! My feet have also grown 1.5 sizes. I am very moody. That comes along with being young though. Overall, I would give it a 6/10, as I did not notice too many pleasant side effects, however it handled my problem inside."
"I&#039;ve had this in since Nov 2012 I&#039;m giving it a 7 because I&#039;m not pregnant which is what it&#039;s supposed to do. However, I&#039;ve hardly lost any baby weight (I exercise and watch what I eat) I also get my period at least twice a month and it&#039;s heavier than it ever was before. Seriously considering getting it taken out strictly because of the weight issues. I&#039;m in the Navy and will probably never meet my weight requirement with it in."
"Used to get lots of stomach upset taking Aleve for extended periods.  No more with Vimovo."
"Dexedrine was very helpful in treating my narcolepsy. It is dependable without making me nervous. I am able to have a better attention span too! I can sit confidentiality at my desk or be in social situations and have confidence that I will not be falling asleep while someone is talking to me again! Dexedrine is a great medicine for narcolepsy."
"Worst mistake ever! I wish I read the comments. Burning and irritation like never before. I felt like I instantly had  UTI after in used this. Please DO NOT BUY!!!"
"Xyzal tablets worked for me as i have urticaria a red itchy  skin condition, so i&#039;ve been on xyzal for 4 years now, as all the other allergy tablets did&#039;nt work,and had no side effects."
"Worked very well. Did have next day drowsiness, but only the first day. Am only taking 10mg. I had none of these bizarre side effects I&#039;ve read about. The important thing for me is that this is NOT a benzodiazepine. More researching is showing that benzodiazepines and other GABA activators may be causing permanent memory loss, that includes Zolpidem. I&#039;ve been able to come off my Gabapentin and Lorazepam at night."
"I&#039;ve been on ciprofloxacin for two days now, its a total of three days worth of antibiotic. This is my first time taking it and it seems to have cleared up the main reason I got prescribed the medicine but the side effects are unbearable most of the time. Long bouts of nausea that comes out of nowhere at random times, pain and tightness in my sternum, painful gas and soft stools numerous times a day and just all around feeling of bad to the point where I may not take my last dose because I m afraid I will be up again half the night with discomfort. I&#039;ve been on other antibiotics before but I&#039;ve never had this many side effects. I suppose it may help some people without the side effects just depends how your body handles it."
"I had been on a couple of medicatios, the best of which for me was Copaxone.  In fact, I had relatively few symptoms and it wasn&#039;t really visible.  Then I started Gilenya because it was supposed to be so much better, and oral, to boot.  I have lost so much function in terms of walking and balance in the last two years.  I went back to Copaxone but am afraid that I will never regain what I lost"
"I used this for about 6 months 100mg.  Then increased to 300mg.  A month later I got the side effect of balanitis (irritation on the tip of the penis)   This stuff is terrible, and will never think about using it again.  Horrible experience."
"Librium saved my life. I am very thankful."
"I was diagnosed with walking pneumonia and maybe Bronchitis. After 3 weeks of feeling really bad, with all flu symptoms. Coughing, sore throat and feeling crummy, I finally went to the Dr. She prescribed Benzonatate 100mg 3x a day as needed.  Plus Amoxcillan. Took 3 doses yesterday of the Benzonatate 2 today before deciding that it was making me worse.  After reading reviews, I see that I&#039;m not the only one experiencing theses side effects.  I feel like I&#039;m coughing up a Lung, (I&#039;m sure my neighbors hate me) fever, night sweats, headache so bad feels like my head will explode. Depressed...decided not to take anymore and still have side effects day 3. Calling Dr. In the morning.  Correction in a few hours.  It&#039;s 5:30 a.m. no sleep. Do not recommend."
"Have suffered depression most of my life. Am now 50  and was prescribed Cymbalta after experiencing a debilitating bout of severe depression about 15 months ago. I was unable to function. I had been taking it for about two and a half years previously and decided to ween off it but after 3 months fell into the deep hole mentioned above. I take 60mg at night and sleep well, I have to watch my weight and I experience constipation. I find it hard to cry (better than the alternative right?) and also feel somewhat lethargic but overall it keeps me feeling &#039;normal&#039;."
"I&#039;m taking Duloxetine 20mg per day for anxiety and minor depression. I have taken this med for almost two months and keep a daily journal. As a &#039;blind study&#039; I started this drug without my wife&#039;s knowledge. I noticed a decrease in my overall anxiety in ten (10) days and my wife mentioned my calmness in two weeks. I am a 70 year old male and I supplement Duloxetine with Buspar on an &#039;as needed&#039; basis for anxiety. The Duloxetine seems to smooth things out without the numbing effect of a benzodiazepine. I&#039;m on the minimum available dosage and will soon ask my PCP to up my dosage to 40mg per day. There have been absolutely no bad side effects from the drug."
"I started taking Adipex-P 37.5mg on April 1, 2009 and my starting weight was 210lbs. I went back after one month and lost 17lbs. I went back to my Doctor on July 30, 2009 and I weighed 168.5lbs which is a result of losing 41 1/2lbs! I am super excited and can&#039;t wait to lose more or at least to get to my goal of at least 135 to 140. The only one complaint I would have about it is the energy level totally disappears after your first or second week."
"The spray is amazing...only thing that will clear my scalp...Right now my scalp is in a mess because my insurance will not pay on it and it is $400 for a 4oz bottle...I can&#039;t afford that."
"No more grusome dreams"
"I am 46 years old and 4&#039;11&quot;.  On April 4th I was 165 pounds, borderline diabetic with high blood pressure at my Dr. visit.  He prescribed phentermine which I started taking on April 5th.  Today I had my 2 month visit and I have lost 19.8 pounds total.  My fasting blood sugar was down to 88 and my BP was down also.  Hoping to lose another 8-10 before my appointment in July.  Feeling great!!"
"I have been taking this drug for about 2 weeks, and it is a miracle in a bottle as far as I&#039;m concerned.   I&#039;ve been battling IBS-D for 10  years and never really sought treatment until recently.  Frequent and very urgent BMs for years to varying degrees.  Very sensitive to spicy food.  Always on the lookout for the next restroom... With Viberzi I&#039;m down to time 1-2 per day and solid!  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects as others have mentioned.  My Dr has tried a few other drugs, this is the first that worked for me.  The discount program worked for me.  Worth a try if you have IBS-D."
"I underwent a two-level lumbo-sacral spine fusion (2-level PLIF) in 2007 and have been on Tramadol for chronic pain since then.  I find that Tramadol works as well as most opioids with less impairment at similar levels of pain relief.  I HAVE experienced two seizures thought to be caused by Tramadol while I was titrating upward on the drug, but have had no problems since.  I have tried titrating off of Tramadol twice and in both instances experienced moderate withdrawal symptoms of the opiate type almost immediately.  Overall I consider it a very effective analgesic for chronic low back pain with few side effects, but would recommend a prolonged titration off of the drug if you decide to discontinue use.  I give it a thumbs-up."
"Was treated for precancerous cells on my chest with Picato, a topical chemotherapy cream that is used for two days. I almost immediately developed a severe reaction where my skin blistered and then began to slide off leaving huge oozing wounds. I cannot describe the pain which, in turn, caused horrible headaches and nausea. Because of the location of the injury I was unable to even wear a shirt. After 3 1/2 days of misery I applied silvadeen and had relief right away. I could actually breathe again. Since I just did this I am not sure of the outcome but for now I am very thankful."
"Severely asthmatic for over 45 years.  When my pulmonologist who had been giving me cough syrup w codeine retired, the new doc suggested I try perles.  Been using them about 6 months.  I found them very helpful during an episode of flu.  I have had less spectacular results during allergy-related exacerbations.  
I find them useful at concerts, movies, lectures, which I had previously left due to asthma episodes.  
I find they work best for me if I take them 3x a day (i.e. for prevention) during allergy season, or an exacerbation.  At other times, they are part of the various meds available to handle situations. Doc said OK to take  6 in 24 hrs when needed. Cheaper than many asthma Rx
I scored them 7 on the 10 scale for effectiveness"
"I have mild allergic nasal inflammation with nighttime terbinate hypertrophy. I was afraid to even try nose spray this after reading a couple of less than good opinions. I&#039;m very satisfied with Dymista. I have very mild allergic inflammation. I had terbinate reduction back in 2009 and was very satisfied with the procedure for a couple of years.  As warned my terbinate night time swelling gradually returned and had a very negative impact on the quality of my sleep.  For at least a year, I haven&#039;t had a nights sleep without waking 4 to 6 times a night rarely achieving REM sleep. Dymista has improved the quality of my sleep immediately."
"My experience with Ativan (lorazepam) has been one I&#039;ve come to love and set the bar high when it comes to sleep. I developed insomnia as a result of having to take opioid medication for my CRPS/RSD in addition of the fact that I&#039;m slowly recovering from the death of my best friend who passed in 2010. I have been on every insomnia medicine there is. My current regimen of the normal opiate and muscle relaxants, one to 1.5 grams of Keppra, 555mg valerian root, 10mg of melatonin, 25mg of amitriptyline, and adding up to 4mg of Ativan, depending on the next day&#039;s tasks. Works like a charm every night. "
"I&#039;ve been on the Nuvaring for 7 years. I got it when I was 18 because I didn&#039;t want to take a pill everyday and I was scared the shot would make me gain weight. I love my nuvaring besides the fact that it has killed my sex drive. Thats the only downside I&#039;ve experienced. So if that doesn&#039;t bother you then I highly suggest it. It cleared up my face of acne, I didn&#039;t gain any weight, it shortened my period to be about 3 days long and is very light, no extra moodiness or anxiety. The perk of it is you can skip a month in between your periods. I put it in for 3 weeks, take it out and have a period. Then the next month I take it out and put a new one in at the same time on the 4th week. I hope this helps anyone considering it."
"This birth control worked well for me with minimal side effects. It did not give me acne and my periods were short and light with minimal cramping. No hair loss, loss of sex drive,  or nausea. My only symptoms were constant bloating, weight gain (15lbs in 7 months), and a constant insatiable appetite. I can say that it helped stabilize my mood, I experienced no major mood swings or outbursts. My insurance recently switched me to tri lo marzia and while I&rsquo;m enjoying this pill, (weight loss, less of an appetite, no bloating), it is causing some major mood changes. I know there is a pill out there for me but I don&rsquo;t think either of these are it. If your pharmacy tells you these medications are the same, don&rsquo;t listen."
"Arthritis in my back (L4-L5) causing extreme pain in my right hip for an hour or two after getting up in the morning.  I&#039;d had 3 steroid injections in my back which relieved the pain for 3 - 6 months.  I was ready for another injection but instead tried meloxicam.  It&#039;s now 3 months later.  Most of the time there&#039;s no pain; occasional pain is quite tolerable.  No noticeable side effects so far."
"Been on Testim for 2.5 months. Huge improvement in mood, and physical stature. Started working out again. I feel great! Strong and sexy. Wife likes it too! My libido has increased and the reaction from other females is incredible. I lost 25 lbs prior to starting and am now seeing my abs again. The energy is awesome as I motivate a group for business part time. Love the smell. Application is a daily chore but worth it."
"Absolutely incredible. Tried Xanax the first time with horrible side effects, switched to propranolol and it honestly was too good to be true. I couldn&#039;t believe that it actually worked. Totally doubted medication until I was prescribed propranolol and my PTSD med."
"I have taken Provigil for 5 years now (since I was 16) 400 mgs a day, as the lower dosage was ineffective. It has been a Godsend. I really struggled through school, and whilst it didn&#039;t help me get top grades, it did wonders for keeping me awake during lessons. I&#039;m awake for around 15 hours a day, with a 2 hour nap in the afternoon and 7 hours sleep at night. The best part is being able to have a sleep pattern, something which beforehand, I could never experience. Without this drug I couldn&#039;t never get anything done."
"I&#039;ve tried dozens of therapies and medicines. Mucinex does better than them all. Since taking it, my pain levels have gone down by 90%. 

Mucinex doesn&#039;t work for everyone. But it&#039;s cheap and over the counter. What&#039;s the harm in trying? I wish a doctor or website had suggested I try it - would have saved me years of pain."
"I was started on 30 mg a month ago and within past week have been upped to 45 mg. Seems to help me sleep better than I was. I just hope the effects don&#039;t stop and it continues to help with my sleep as well as my depression. I have been a ginny pig for over 20 years to these psych meds. I have not noticed any  of the horrific side effects people are experiencing. Also have to determine if side effects out weigh the benefit. No hangover effect and no tiredness throughout day! It has done wonders for me thus far."
"This is an amazing product"
"No side effects and it works."
"I agree w/ Triple Dee. This drug=the worst. It  was suppose to help psychotics. It turned me into a zombie. Also turned me into a compulsive shopper, which can be accomplished from the couch I became glued to due to my zombie state. With no motivation, my house was a mess. And, the eating!!! OMG. I gained a pound a day. I have clinical depression &amp; massive anxiety. I take 40mg of Viibryd. Tough tough drug to get on in the beginning, but I stuck to it &amp; it&#039;s been a blessing. No sexual or eating side effects. I went on 450 WellButrin to survive Midwest winters. I stay on it year round. Anxiety-I take Xanax-four .5 pills a day-3 @ bedtime &amp; I split the 4th-1/2 in the morning; 1/2 at dinner. Don&#039;t want all these drugs, but they keep me going &amp; productive."
"This has been effective in controlling my high blood pressure. I take it at night to minimize the queasiness."
"Kind of expensive for a so called pain med.  It actually feels like it heightened my pain level.   Makes my stomach hurt.  You&#039;re better off taking aspirin.   I&#039;m pretty sure tramadol should be thrown away."
"Female 20 years old - I recently started a new job as a cashier. I started to experience pain after having to pick up heavy packs of water bottles and other heavy items. The pain was all in my lower back. I went to visit my chiropractor and that would alleviate the pain until I went back to work. I would rate my pain on a scale from 1 to 10; a 7. It was a sharp stabbing pulling pain in my lower back and it even hurt to take a deep breath. Today was the first day I took Aleve when I went to work and my back pain was almost completely gone. I was able to move around without being uncomfortable. I am extremely satisfied with the results."
"First day on this med and I didn&#039;t expect it to work as fast as it did. Usually on my first day of my period I bleed so much. But even after taking the first two pills I saw the difference in blood flow. My last two pills for the day still I saw a significant decrease in blood flow. I didn&#039;t have any side affects at all my first day and time using this and hope that continues. So far this is the best medication for me and I&#039;m happy."
"If you take just one pill when you begin to feel a tingle, you won&#039;t actually get a cold sore/fever blister. It&#039;s seriously amazing! I wish I had known about this sooner. I will get a cold sore if I travel a lot or if I have any minor trauma on or around my nose/mouth. One pill when I feel it coming on stops them from forming, but you have to catch it before the blister develops. Keep taking the pill until the tingling goes away. I&#039;ve never had to take more than 1 pill per occurance."
"Tried 4 SSRI&#039;s and paxil was the worst, was on it for 7 months at 40mg for depression, social anxiety and OCD and no improvement at all. It was VERY sedating and made it very difficult to orgasm, which was frustrating. I am now on Lexapro which is working great with half the side effects of paxil. I suggest looking at other SSRI&#039;s before considering paxil."
"I started to take Testim for a month. Because, of low energy not to mention motivation and ambition.  The first blood test results said I have low testoterone...  I took it for three weeks.  Insurance wrote a letter saying they need two test to prove that is the case. I went off for a week, the worst week of my life.  Testim really helped me after fifteen years of being diagnosed manic-depressed. "
"This medicine has done so much for me. I&#039;ve had horrible &quot;mood swings&quot; for years and they just kept getting worse. I would also cry myself to sleep every night for years and years. I always felt irritated and annoyed with everything. I would yell and scream, get hyper and crash into a pile on the floor, be suicidal one minute and happy the next. I was all over the place. This medicine has done so much for me."
"This stuff to me was the miracle drug. I had been put on Imuran, Asacol, and neither of them helped at all. In fact, they worsened the condition. My new doctor put me on Cellcept and within 3-4 days, all of the symptoms were gone, like there was never a problem to start with. To me, Cellcept is the greatest thing since sliced bread."
"I had flu symptoms so my doctor prescribed me Tamiflu. Everytime I took it I felt like I was going to vomit. I haven&#039;t felt like eating, so luckily I couldn&#039;t vomit. It sort of made me dizzy and it gave me a headache. I wouldn&#039;t recommend the medicine to anybody."
"I have arthritis in both shoulders.  It&#039;s a wear and tear issue as I&#039;m 68 years old and have been exercising fanatically for 50  years.  My orthopedic doctor recommended Orthovisc injections and I have had great results.  I heartedly recommend Orthovisc.  Some studies have shown that people facing replacement issues have been able to put off the surgery or even avoid it altogether when following a regimen of two series a year with Orthovisc."
"Effexor has helped me more than other antidepressants I&#039;ve taken. I have severe depression and take 75 mg twice a day. On occasion, my doctor increased the dose to 75 mg 3 x day.  
"
"Loestrin 24 Fe was discontinued and I was switched to Minastrin 24 Fe. I was told it was the same exact pill, I had been on Loestrin for 4 years and never had a problem. Sadly Minastrin was not the same. I had horrible side effects from this pill, besides the weird periods I had mood swings that made me miserable. I also had a horrible allergic reaction to this medication. It was extremely unclear whether this has to be chewed or not. "
"Zyprexa withdrawal is the worst thing that has ever happened to me in my 55 year old life. I took 2.5 mg for 6 years. Sure it helped me sleep for a few months and that is why I did not know what was causing the terrible grief and over all health problems I was experiencing. I was fainting without warning because of this drug. It ruined my life and I have not touched zyprexa in almost 2 years! It is a drug so terrible it should not be prescribed to anybody. The makers of this drug should be totally ashamed of themselves. They really should be punished for what they have done and continue doing to peoples lives with this drug. No joke."
"This medicine has saved my life and changed my life drastically. I never thought I would be able to get off heroin. I have a awesome life now and I think if you really want to get clean and not be high from methadone then Suboxone is what you need."
"I suffer from stomach ulcers and a ton of other stomach problems, and I also have crippling anxiety and depression so I stay nauseated most of the time. It also doesn&#039;t help that I have a fear of vomiting. When my dad was still alive (he had cancer) he told me to try promethazine so when I went to the doctor I asked him about it and he told me that it would be a good medication for me. It does make me a bit drowsy but I don&#039;t mind since I have insomia anyways. This medication has made my life so much better, I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it!"
"I am on day 5 of Movantix. NO help with BM at all! Light headed is the only side effect. I feel this med is working against me causing even more constipation. Even much less gas passing! I take Norco daily for pain for 4 yrs now, and the constipation/impactedness is worsening! Been to hospital twice recently for relief. Stomach bloating is worse too on this med. I&#039;m calling it quits as today&#039;s dose gave me bad headaches with the dizziness. No relief or success with the Movantix. I actually feel worse! Insur did not cover either. I will keep looking for methods of relief. MiraLAX works on and off. I have found a daily probiotic helps but not continously however I couldn&#039;t imagine not having it...best of luck to all"
"I just finished a 14 day usage of Carac, as prescribed by my skin doctor. After the first two days my skin started to turn red, by the 7th it started to flake and the areas that I needed to apply it to ( cheeks, temples and forehead ) turned dark red, like a bad sunburn. Days 8 -14 were the worst as to pain on these areas when showering in lukewarm water or washing from sink bowl, either way I could feel a burning sensation, as well as light bleeding at some areas on the next to last day. Flaking of skin and itchy feeling now that treatment is done. I wonder how long before my skin color returns to normal. Would I do this again? Yes"
"I only discovered I had GERD from an endoscopy.  I&#039;ve always had a horrible stomach, but recently had a constant sore throat.  The Protonix worked wonders!  But then I noticed I was constipated and had a huge appetite.  I briefly switched medicines but went back to Protonix.  It was when I started taking it again and had two abdominal exams that I realized my liver was enlarged.  The doctors immediately dismissed it since I&#039;ve had my gallbladder removed.  They said it was scar tissue.  My daughter has eosinophilic colitis so I&#039;m really just focused on her gastrointestinal care, but at my next follow up I will address the issue.  I did cut out milk/dairy from my diet and that seemed to help as much as the medicine!"
"I am 17, 5&#039;5 weighing 145lbs. I started the Depo shot a little more than 3 months ago. The first time I received the shot, within 3 months I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds. Normally I get nauseous from birth control but the only con I&#039;ve experienced was anxiety. I recently just got the second shot and the amount of anxiety attacks are ridiculous. Lost my appetite for a week, lost a few pounds from that. Before I took the shot, I rarely had anxiety. Also, I spot once a month extremely lightly, rarely get cramps. No bad mood swings!"
"I have had the flu twice now in the last 9 years. Was given Tamiflu each time. Both times I was feeling much better by day 3."
"My doctor started me on the 15mg of MsContin last month 3x/day and it isn&#039;t doing a very good job of controlling my congenital stenosis, spondylosis, scoliosis, or bulging pain...Will be requesting the 60mg Oramorph 3x/day on my next visit as I was diagnosed for dental problems I had for 5 years.  It works great with MSIR 30mg for any breakthrough pains. Just be sure to inform your doctor if you have been taking any opioid medications before as that will determine your correct starting dose."
"I usually only get YI when I&#039;m on antibiotics. Never fails. Well one day I woke up and had a strange, odourless discharge but it was in excessive amounts. Ignored it for about 2-3 days and then the itching set it. And burning. Which I&#039;ve never had accompanied by a YI. went to the DR. Prescribed Fluconazole , 150 mg and then a 2nd dose in a week and this cream. Inserting wasn&#039;t as bad as I anticipated actually , and I can&#039;t even use tampons. Instantly the itching inside slowly subsided and was still itchy on the outside but it&#039;s been 35 mins on the dot and now I feel totally relaxed with only an occasional twinge down there that is easily ignored. . I&#039;m excited to get some sleep and beyond happy to feel some relief"
"My son has an EJ of 29. He took 1 per day of the smallest dose and his EJ is up to 35. However, his legs, feet and ankles swelled a lot. He is now taking HCTZ daily for the swelling and it is working. If the swelling stays down for another week I am going to give him this twice a day. If he swells I will go back to the once daily."
"I lost weight and feel a lot less variable emotionally"
"I&#039;ve been on latuda for about two months. I had been taking Risperdal and Lamictal for years and while I was getting by I wasn&#039;t in such a great mood often. Shortly after taking this I noticed I felt much happier and my therapist and girlfriend both said I seem less inhibited and in a better mood. It&#039;s not like I&#039;m manic and I don&#039;t feel like the happiness is some artificial shot in the arm. I&#039;m perfectly lucid and at peace with things most of the time. That all being said I also have more frequent mood swings. The swings aren&#039;t as bad as when I&#039;m off meds, but I do feel pretty down about 10 to 20 times a month with episodes lasting various amounts of time. I&#039;m currently taking 20mg latuda and 300mg Lamictal."
"53 year old male. I had anxiety for years and  been on  Citalopram  for about 6 weeks and the only side affects I had was a dry mouth and a little sweaty one or two nights.  I noticed that it was cutting the anxiety in the first day or 2. I&rsquo;m on 20mg&rsquo;s.   Some people report that they feel detached or floaty and I want to say that to. But after thinking about it for awhile. That is the way I feel when I can get myself pumped up to work on something and shelf the anxiety for long enough and block it out and get something done unhindered by it.   I think that the environment inside my head just feels odd, without the anxious background chatter and it might take a while to adapt to that."
"I would have gave this medicine a 10 if it wasn&#039;t for the dull headache (may not have been due to the drug I was battling a sinus infection anyway) after I took this medicine. Cough was gone within an hour. Make sure you drink a lot of water. Maybe that&#039;s why I got the headache too. Also, I noticed that I was very sensitive after taking this drug. I actually cried a little bit because of the sinus pressure. When usually I just suck it up with pain and never cry. Stopped wheezing. Make sure to take a warm shower too after taking this drug it will also help clear the mucus."
"I have had surgery for degenerative disc disease on my lower back three years ago. I had been taking Lortab, 7.5/500 for four years and it wasn&#039;t working for me anymore.  Then my back pain got worse.  Further tests show that I have degenerative disc disease on another part of my back, scoliosis, arthritis and a herniated disc. My doctor prescribed Oxycontin 20 mg every 12 hours, with the Lortab for breakthrough pain.  It has saved my life.  I no longer lie in bed trying to convince my body to get moving.  I hate that there is so much stigma and abuse of this medication, because for those who truly need it, it&#039;s a life saver!  Now, when my daughter has a violin recital or my son has a football game, I can actually go and watch them!"
"After trying several different medicines for anxiety, my doctor tried me on a trial run of Pristiq.  I have been on it since May, and LOVE it!  I don&#039;t have any side effects - except it may make me &quot;too&quot; calm."
"Gives an unbearable burning sensation when being injected."
"I had such high hopes for this to help me control my cravings etc.  I did lots of research and talked at length with my doctor about side effects (lingering minor headaches, nausea).  Took one pill in the AM Saturday, had marked dizziness, nausea, and headache (borderline migraine).  Made it through the day.  Took one pill in the AM Sunday, and about two hours later it triggered the worst migraine I have ever had.  It was excruciating! The next day (Monday) I didn&#039;t take any, and went to Urgent Care, where I was ran fluids and given meds for migraine pain and nausea.  It&#039;s now Thursday of the same week, four days off the meds and I&#039;m finally beginning to feel normal.  While Contrave may work for some, it will absolutely not work for me."
"I have had good usage of this medication as it has helped to reduce my high blood pressure."
"This medication was great to reduce coughing and to sleep well at night after a few sleepless nights before the med.  But I developed very bad constipation after a few nights (I took it only once a day, before bedtime) which was so bad that I would never use this medication again."
"I have never had such severe side effects with an oral contraceptive in the last 14 years (just turned 29); bloating, gas, 20lb weight gain, mood swings, still having cramps, and decreased sex drive. I gave it 3 months and it&#039;s just gotten worse. Beware ladies."
"Was wonderful for the urinary tract infection. I also have a urethral fissure...Didn&#039;t help with fissure but not designed to do so."
"I have been on Tri Sprintec for nearly 5 years. As far as preventing pregnancy it&#039;s worked great. It also made my periods lighter. The last week before my placebo week has always kind of made me have mood swings. However for about the past year, it&#039;s unbearable. Every third week of the month I get severe depression, anxiety is through the roof which then leads to insomnia and a constant feeling of dread. Nothing has changed in my life that would lead to any of this. I have narrowed it down to the birth control. I&#039;ll be switching asap."
"Did that one poster seriously share an experience where a doctor had him/her on 750mg Levaquin for 7-weeks (49-days)?  Is that even survivable, let alone right?  I just finished 10-days of 750mg for an upper sinus infection that has lasted 5-months...it turned me inside out!  It&#039;s too early to tell if it has really helped, but the CT showed no signs of infection now, so I&#039;m hopeful.  Everything else we&#039;ve tried has given me temporary relief, but less than 2-weeks later was back with a vengeance.  This was my 6th round of antibiotics...hopefully my last.  I&#039;m just curious how someone could stomach it for that long."
"I have been having depression and anxiety issues since 18 I&#039;m 28 right now. I have been on and off the drug. This drug is not perfect and  will never cure  depression or anxiety or other mental issues  , it just eliminate it  temporary, that&#039;s the time when we should work with therapy to find the real problem. I have been taking 50 mg. amazingly restored my interest in life, activities , interest in sex, no more depressing thoughts.  Simply it gave  me a 360 degrees to my mind. The beginning is always awful lots of change in thinking and  behaviour, no sex , sleepy, drowsy, I got sensitive face  skin  too. This drug is a godsend for me. After a month I started to, feel more awake, better sleep, great focus &amp; better sex. Always wait a month to stop."
"I use percocet 5&#039;s as needed for shoulder instability (subluxations/dislocations). Although it works well for pain, I find that I don&#039;t like the stomach upset, lightheadedness, or nausea while on it. Eating something helps somewhat. I seem to have issues with all drugs of this type so perhaps this is just me."
"Tried this to replace zolpidem.  Horrible experience with single dose of 10 mg Belsomra.  No impact on helping me fall asleep within a reasonable time, then I felt I was in a horrible twilight zone, aware that I was neither truly awake nor asleep but unable to move my muscles, feeling very afraid and panicked.  I finally did manage to get myself fully awake and would NOT even try to go back to sleep, turned on the lights, kept myself busy to give the drug time to clear my system.  NEVER AGAIN."
"Adderall XR does exactly what it&#039;s supposed to for me.  I suffer from very little noticeable side effects.  The most noticeable ones are insomnia when first taking this medication, lack of hunger in the beginning, and slight dry mouth. Overall the side effects are not bad at all.  The only negative for me is it feels like the medications stop working after 6 hours for me."
"For 29 years, yes 29 years I have been more than sluggish, just exhausted most of the time. I was 22 years old, married, great job, just bought a house and life was good. Once I felt a little tired, a few days later a little more tired and so on. Within a month I was exhausted. I went to our old family doctor who I really didn&#039;t know very well, because I was never sick. I know it may be hard to believe, but for the next 29 years I have lived a tired life. Went to Doctor after Doctor. I&#039;m not looking for a pity party I&#039;ve had a good life, just tired. Well, the second day I took Levothyroxine I felt 20 years younger. I feel alert, not buzzed, but I have energy. Have taken it 6 days total with no side effects. "
"I LOVE THIS BIRTH CONTROL. I have had zero side effects and no period."
"Like previous reviewers, I find the Midrin substitute hit-or-miss. Taking Midrin early or late in the headache seems not to matter; sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn&#039;t. I took Midrin in the early 80s, and it worked every time, and fast. (the effect was as if my head just floated away, but I could still function). With the Midrin substitutes, the headache just slowly subsides. Either the formula is different or I am, but it&#039;s not the product it used to be. Still, it&#039;s the only thing that comes close to working for me."
"I was placed on Celexa in 2008 and have been on it ever sense. Although at one point in 2011 I thought I could stop taking it and took myself off for about 3 months and felt the difference. It has truly given me back my peace and happiness!!!"
"It&#039;s only effective in the sense that I&#039;m not pregnant.  I got it in around March 2014. I&#039;ve set my appointment to get it out.  I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds and my diet had remained the same since before it was put in. I&#039;ve also had really bad acne."
"I&#039;ve been Vivelle for at least 4 years now. HRT pills upset my stomach and were not as effective for me. I tried the generic version of Vivelle but it was a much larger patch and did not stick as well. The adhesive on the generic also gave me a rash. Stick to the brand on this one would be my recommendation. I&#039;m down to the lowest dose, hopefully will be done completely in another year or so. But this has saved my sanity and that of those around me."
"I have been taking Lexapro for 3 months now and feel great. I had severe anxiety. Now I feel like myself and can think clearly. If I get angry I only feel that way for a few minutes instead of a few days. I experienced a few side effects like dry mouth, and restlesness but those symptoms have faded. The worst side effect I have is loss of appetite. I don&#039;t mind that one so much."
"My experience after six weeks has been wonderful but scary at the same time. The drug makes me sick for a few days where I feel like I&#039;ve been put through a tunnel. After that it kind of reduces the rest of the week. It does make me feel light-headed but not overly dizzy. I will update later. So far so good."
"I remember a half a year ago reading these reviews and I was very eager to not feeling worthless anymore. The first month was bleh. Had bad diarrhea but slept great for once. But over time feelings of worthlessness and being overly fearful faded away. I started to slowly be able to get out of bed in the night (third shift) and be excited to go to work and engage people. Sadly, over time the anxiety seemed to have gotten worse. My sleeping also went back to its normal habits. They upped it to 40mg to no avail. Now I&#039;m off cold turkey and the depression is hitting harder than it has ever. Wish I could get back on it. It was a literal life saver."
"I have had migraines for over 20 years, I started using Relpax about a year ago and it works all the time and every time with a single 40 mg dose. This drug is a life saver, I only wish there was a preventative that worked along the same lines as Relplax. It is pricey but I really have no other options. I tried the generic but it did not work, I don&#039;t understand the science behind it but only the name brand Relpax works for me. I use generics for all of my other meds and they seem to work fine..... I guess."
"I&#039;m almost done with my 2nd month. I honestly was scared to take this at first after reading the reviews, but it really isn&#039;t bad at all. The symptoms Are very mild for me, I get some breakouts but its not that bad. I notice some slight change in mood. I can get irritated easy but I notice it and don&#039;t let it bother me. The only thing that bothers me is pretty much having another period mid cycle, wasn&#039;t really light spotting either. It was done After like 4 days but I know I&#039;m about to start my actual one in about 6 days so that is annoying. I&#039;m going to keep on this for another couple months since the symptoms are so mild and I&#039;ll just get more used to them. All I can say is I love free birth control!"
"NuvaRing is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever used (other than condoms) and so far I like it. It&#039;s a simple process to put it in and take it out and I love that I don&#039;t have to stress about it every day. I used to have unpredictable periods so I LOVE knowing when it&#039;s coming every month. Negatives. I have experienced some serious PMS symptoms since I&#039;ve been on the ring (not every time but I think it&#039;s getting more frequent) like irritability and general emotionalness, some pretty severe cramps (which I rarely got before), and tiredness. Recently, I had a super heavy flow during my period plus cramps. I&#039;ve been getting some headaches and back pain too but I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s because of the ring. I&#039;ve been on NuvaRing for about 6 months now."
"Life saver"
"This is my first time taking Risperidone 0.5g for Bipolar Schizoaffective Disorder, and it&#039;s my first week. I have always been 100% against medication but it came to the point where I could no longer suffer alone. My mind has now changed about medication. I was concerned with bad side effects, but all I had was a feeling of slight anxiety and heightened senses days 4 and 5 only, but I pushed through and I&#039;m fine.

Although it&#039;s early days yet, I am very happy! My mind has stopped racing, I am not thinking people are judging or talking behind my back, I feel relaxed, can handle crowds and I&#039;m not angry or have raging irritability, and better sleep.

I&#039;ll give a new review within a month, but I should have done this sooner."
"This product has literally been a life-saver! I was not able to function from day to day without severe sinus headaches that would turn into migraines, but this product has given me my life back. I use half the recommended dose, one spray in each nostril once a day, but I&#039;ve had no side effects at all. I didn&#039;t do well with a plain steroid nasal spray, and a plain antihistamine nasal spray didn&#039;t work at all, but this combination has worked like a charm. I&#039;ve been on it for a couple of years, and I have only one complaint: it&#039;s expensive!"
"Personally, oxycontin takes care of the pain better than any other medicine and instead of the drowienes feeling, it gives me the energy to exercise and fit in with a healthy lifestyle. No breakthrough pain medicines needed at 80mg twice a day."
"I am 36 yrs old and I have had my nexplanon for almost 3 years now (2 months shy) and I have had a couple of the side effects but nothing to bad or I couldn&#039;t work through. I was just talking to my obgyn about setting up my appointment to get it removed and she said they just OK-ed it for 4 years so now I don&#039;t have to worry about anything for another year. I&#039;m a woman so between stress, a 3yr old, financial issues, family problems and baby daddy problems I&#039;m going to be moody, have headaches, bleed irregular sometimes cuz of stress, loss of appetite, get depressed, gain weight so I DO recommend it but everyone&#039;s body is different so I have to find what makes u comfortable."
"I love this birth control. I have had no weight gain, mood swings and my skin is really clear from it. The only thing is that my breasts did get bigger but I don&#039;t see that as a downside."
"I was on this pill for the past 5 years, and I really really liked it up until recently.  I barely ever get a period which is awesome, but i&#039;ve been noticing the past year or so that my headaches have become almost daily and it&#039;s shooting pains above my right eye, my hair has started shedding so bad it&#039;s really disgusting and my boobs always feel so sore, even from just wearing a bra. I think my body has changed and the pill does not work the same way anymore."
"I have battled Lupus since 2009. Went into remission and had a flare 2012. MY doctors have tried everything and finally talked to me about benlysta. I was very skeptical more then anything afraid of what this will do to my body. I have been on benlysta now for 1 year. I have no joint pain at all my blood tests are improving. Unfortunately there are side effects of the actual drug...My heart has randomly started beating insanely that I went to the emergency twice, they say I am fine and send me home, end of May this year I have started feeling this lightheaded feeling in my head and to this day don&#039;t feel normal..I had dizzy spells when going to bed where I would jump up and be out of breath."
"I started at a low dosage of about 30mg (little more) and that first week I felt high 24/7. I noticed immediately that my anxiety would not surface. It was like it was trapped. After that week I went up to 75mg. Slept a lot the first month. Always tired going straight to sleep after work and sleeping all not. Never woke up tired though. It&#039;s been 2 months and I think it&#039;s safe to say that I am stress and anxiety free. The only thing I hate about it is the dry mouth all the time."
"This the only triptin medication that has not cause me rapid heart beat. And has saved me countless visits to the emergency room."
"I ended up in the hospital with major hyponatremia due to this medication; and only on it for one week.  The doctors did not know why I had such a low sodium level and it was due to the Trintellix.  Caution should be taken."
"We had a comdom mishap on September 27, and I took the pill 12 hours later. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, and I got my period, right on time, October 2nd. Maybe it was just not a fertile time for me, I&#039;m not sure. I know I was done ovulating so I probably wasn&#039;t even fertile anyways, but needless to say, I went and got birth control and I&#039;m taking it after my period is over."
"I&#039;m using Jublia right now - so far so good..

I started to use Jublia about ~2 months ago after noticed that my toenail is thickening and yellow. My podiatrist confirm that it&#039;s a fungus and warned me that Jublia has only 40% success.  As I didn&#039;t want to take the oral medicine (liver risk or something like that...) I decided to try Jublia . my toenail is still a bit thick after 2 months however the color is white again and it looks much better. Will definitely continue with Jublia all the ~11 months.

Got a prescription ($25 copay per bottle) via some pharmacy plan that my podiatrist recommended."
"I have Bipolar type II and have been taking Seroquel for the past two years.  It has helped a great deal by stabilizing my moods and providing me with a good night&#039;s sleep every night, no matter what.  Each morning, I wake up feeling refreshed and in control of my day.  Used to take 300mg a day, but now I only need 100mg, or 150-200mg on bad days.  This was the only medicine that did not cause tremors or restless legs. I&#039;ve been on Lamictal and Geodon which all caused tremors.  It got rid of the angry hypomanic episodes.  The 300mg caused only minimal weight gain (I gained more weight when I was on Lithium), and extra drowsiness in the mornings."
"My doctor prescribed 0.5 mg which I take half a tablet going to bed if that doesn&#039;t work I take the other half. Depends on how much sleep I need or how much anxiety I have. If I&#039;m exhausted the medicine is great  I fall asleep and next thing I know I&#039;m awake in the morning but it usually leaves a hangover which I hate. I try to deal with my anxiety holisticly but  sometimes that does not work. I think it all comes down to eating healthy and watching my sugar and carb and caffeine intake. Walking and doing stretches works for me but honestly  Having someone who really loves you and does not abuse you in anyway is the best answer but I don&#039;t think there&#039;s many people out there like that anymore.   Koliopin is a horrible dangerous drug.   All pharmaceuticals as far as I&#039;m concerned are bad for us and then least we take it the better off we are."
"I did a lot of research on Mirena and was honestly scared after reading lots of reviews. I was going go with the Depo shot and my doctor talked me out of it. I had REALLY BAD MIGRAINES on the pill, not to mention remembering to take them. If you look at other birth control sites, just replace Mirena with Depo, pills, or the ring. It&#039;s all the same side effects and issues. We ALL REACT DIFFERENTLY! My doctor explained the process VERY WELL and he told me that some doctors actually do a cruddy job at insertion, hence the reasoning some women have issues. I&#039;M SO HAPPY I chose Mirena. I spotted for the 1st couple of months along with cramping. I&#039;ve had 1 period, my sex drive is great."
"took antabuse on and off for 3-5 years, finally I got 3 consecutive yrs  sober and I quit the pill and been sober over 20yrs. I wonder why I ever drank and have had good life now with lot less worry"
